Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H6839 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 7, 2015 No. 147 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. S
TEWART ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC. 
October 7, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable C HRIS 
STEWART to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
CONGRESS SHOULD FOCUS ON FIX-
ING OUR PROBLEMS HERE AT HOME 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. J
ONES ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, the recent 
news about Afghanistan is, at best, dis-tressing. Soon Congress will be debat-ing an increase in the debt ceiling so we can borrow more money to pay our bills. The sad part is that some of that money will go to Afghanistan. 
Three recent headlines are most dis-
couraging: One from the Fiscal Times, Sep-
tember 23, ‘‘U.S. Wasted Billions of Dollars Rebuilding Afghanistan.’’ 
The second headline from the New 
York Times, October 1, ‘‘Afghan Forces 
on the Run.’’ 
The third headline, ‘‘U.S. Soldiers 
Told to Ignore Sexual Abuse of Boys by Afghan Military Leaders.’’ 
I am so outraged about the third 
headline story that I am demanding answers on the Pentagon’s policy of permitting Afghan men to rape young boys on U.S. military bases. I have written a letter to the chairman of the House Armed Services Committee and asked him to hold hearings on this issue. We need to get to the bottom of this. 
Afghanistan is the graveyard of em-
pires. We are headed to the graveyard. We need to borrow money just to carry on the needless war. We need to borrow money just to pay our bills. 
We are over $18 trillion in debt, and 
President Obama signed us up for 8 more years in Afghanistan, 8 more years of wasted money. No one even listens to John Sopko, the Inspector General for Afghan Reconstruction, who has testified before Congress many times. He releases report after report detailing the waste, fraud, and abuse in Afghanistan, and no one in Congress seems to care. 
According to Sopko, we have spent 
more in 14 years trying to shape Af-ghanistan into a functional country, which is a fool’s errand, at best, than we did on the entire Marshall Plan to rebuild Europe after World War II. 
In the next fiscal year, we will spend 
$42.5 billion in Afghanistan, and the Congressional Budget Office estimates that we will spend $30 billion a year for the next 8 years. We are committed to staying in Afghanistan. This is the longest war in the history of America. 
History has proven that we will never 
change this tribal nation and we should stop trying. Instead, let’s focus on fix-ing our problems here in America. The little girls beside me, Mr. Speak-
er, Eden and Stephanie Balduf, their daddy was training Afghanistan citi-zens to be policemen, and they were shot and killed by the man they were training. Poor little girls represent so many families whose loved ones have died in Afghanistan for nothing but a waste. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I ask God to 
please bless our men and women in uni-form, please bless America, and, God, please wake up the Congress before it is too late on Afghanistan. 
f 
UMPQUA COMMUNITY COLLEGE 
SHOOTING 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, 
last Thursday another horrific episode of gun violence—the seemingly unre-lenting stream of tragedy and horror— only this time it was visited on Oregon, in a modest mill town of Roseburg. 
The scene of the carnage was a pic-
turesque, some would say idyllic, com-munity college campus just north of town, where a shooter burst into a classroom at Umpqua Community Col-lege and started methodically killing nine people, wounding seven others. 
On the 274th day of 2015, this was the 
294th such episode. President Obama made an impassioned, forceful, and poignant response—at once fierce and sad, as eloquent as anything I have heard him say throughout his political career. 
And who could blame him? Not a sin-
gle calendar week has passed during his second term without another mass shooting. 
The core of his message was the ques-
tion for all Americans, especially the apologists for gun violence: Why is the United States the only developed coun-try in the world that cannot protect 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07OC7.000 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6840 October 7, 2015 
our families from gun massacres? No 
other country comes remotely close to this carnage. Why should we lose 15 times as many as our family members as Germany every year? 
When other countries like Canada, 
Britain, and Australia—that are prob-ably more similar to our country than any others—why were they able to re-spond not just with outrage or mo-ments of silence, but with action after mass shooting events, to make a dif-ference, to make their families safer, 10 times safer in Australia than in the United States? It is past time that peo-ple who claim to be leaders in both par-ties answer this question. 
I am pleased that the response from 
my party was not one of hopelessness, resignation, or ‘‘stuff happens,’’ but in-stead calls to action with simple, com-monsense steps that are widely sup-ported by the American public. 
I am pleased that Hillary Clinton was 
first and foremost with a strong call to action. I am pleased that Senator B
ER-
NIESANDERS appears to be changing his 
attitude and policies on gun safety. 
It is interesting that two Democratic 
Senators running for re-election last year, Mark Begich and Mark Pryor, who cast what I can only describe as a craven vote against universal back-ground checks, lost anyway. It ought to be a message about our values and our direction. I am hopeful that there will be greater accountability for both parties to supply solutions. 
There is no excuse for ours to be the 
only developed country that cannot protect our children. The American public should demand answers from ev-eryone who pretends we can’t protect our children. Ours is the only country, for instance, where leaders prohibit the government from even investigating gun violence, its causes, and solutions. 
The President exhorted us to not be 
numb to gun violence. One is hopeful in the midst of this unprecedented bizarre Presidential nominating process, al-ready in full swing, with more than a year yet to go, that perhaps we have the opportunity to make sure this doesn’t leave the national political stage. 
With comments like Republican can-
didate Ben Carson condemning Presi-dent Obama’s decision to visit and con-sole the families in Roseburg in a pri-vate meeting, that somehow he would wait for the next one, it is stunning. 
I was in Springfield, Oregon, when 
President Clinton visited those fami-lies, consoling them, demonstrating compassion and the concern of the country. It was a sign of respect and was moving to all who witnessed it. I can’t imagine a more callous, heartless remark than that of Dr. Carson, who would wait until the next one. 
Reasonable people should ask reason-
able questions about reasonable solu-tions and demand from politicians their answer to the question: When stuff happens, why can’t we protect our families from this slaughter, and what are they prepared to do to change it? HONORING ERCELLE S. CARTER’S 
100TH BIRTHDAY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
OONEY ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to honor Mrs. Ercelle S. Carter of Institute, West Vir-ginia, who is celebrating her 100th birthday on October 25, 2015. 
Ercelle was born on October 25, 1915, 
in Fayetteville, West Virginia. She is one of two children of John Saunders and Harriet Agee Saunders. 
Growing up, she attended Levi Ele-
mentary, Boyd Junior High School, and graduated from Garnet High School in 1933. She enrolled at West Virginia State College and graduated with degrees in home economics and el-ementary education in 1937. 
On April 27, 1940, she married Ulysses 
Grant Carter. They were married for 53 years, until his death in 1993. 
Ercelle was a homemaker and a stay- 
at-home mom until 1959, when she began her professional career as a teacher at Shawnee Elementary School and retired from Mound Elementary in 1979. 
Ercelle has led an outstanding life, 
highlighted with her love of family and service to her community. I wish her many more years of health and happi-ness. 
CONGRATULATING EVANS ELEMENTARY OF  
JACKSON COUNTY , WEST VIRGINIA  
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Evans Elementary of Jackson County, West Virginia, for the honor of being named a National Blue Ribbon School for 2015. 
The National Blue Ribbon Schools 
Program was created in 1982 under President Ronald Reagan’s Secretary of Education Terrel H. Bell. The pro-gram was designed to celebrate achievements of both public and pri-vate elementary, middle, and high schools which have excellent perform-ance or have substantially reduced the performance gap for disadvantaged stu-dent populations. 
This is a tremendous honor given to 
only two schools in West Virginia and only 335 schools nationwide this year. I am proud of the hardworking teachers, faculty, and students that achieved this honor. Their pursuit of academic excellence is inspiring, and I hope their success can be replicated across our State. 
f 
UMPQUA COMMUNITY COLLEGE 
SHOOTING 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, last 
Thursday Americans witnessed yet an-other tragedy with the fatal shooting of nine people in Roseburg, Oregon, five young kids who had so much more life left to live, three adults who had gone back to school to better themselves 
and their families, and an assistant professor of English who used his writ-ing talents to teach others, all gone too soon. 
Their lives are lost in tragedy, the 
kind of tragedy that our Nation has suffered with increasing regularity. There have been more mass shootings this year than there have been cal-endar days, 294 mass shootings in less than 280 days. 
In 2015 alone, there have been nearly 
40,000 gun violence tragedies, with nearly 10,000 people killed and 20,000 wounded. Yet, sadly, each gun violence tragedy is met with another tragedy here in Congress, the tragedy of inac-tion. 
People are dying. People are dying 
from gun violence every single day in America, and this Congress does noth-ing. As President Obama said last week, ‘‘We collectively are answerable to those families who lose their loved ones because of our inaction.’’ 
I have been a Member of the House of 
Representatives for nearly 7 years. In that time, tens of thousands of lives have been lost, but this body has re-fused to hold even one hearing address-ing the gun violence epidemic that is plaguing our country. 
In that time, not even once have we 
had a vote on the floor on anything, anything related to gun violence, and it is not for lack of ideas. We know from other countries what works. Other countries, not much different from ours, have tackled this issue with remarkable results. 
More than 90 gun-related bills offer-
ing various ways—large and small—for us to lessen the death toll are just sit-ting in committee waiting for action; yet, we refuse to even try. 
And forget about new gun laws. Con-
gress has made it harder for law en-forcement to carry out current laws. It has gotten so bad that Congress refuses to allow Federal agencies to even study this issue because they are afraid of what doctors and scientists will tell them. 
b1015 
In June, during the Labor-HHS-Edu-
cation markup and just 1 week after the tragedy in Charleston, an amend-ment to end the 20-year prohibition on Federal funding on research related to gun violence was defeated by a unani-mous Republican majority. Congress refuses to act and stands in the way when others try. 
Why is this issue different than oth-
ers? What is it about these lives that matter less than those lost to ter-rorism or car accidents or cancer? Un-less the status quo in Congress changes, we will continue to lose American lives to gun violence. 
In June, I urged my colleagues to 
break the silence, stop the violence, and start the conversation about gun violence in America. We were reeling from the tragedy in Charleston, and I recounted the other lives we had lost 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.009 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6841 October 7, 2015 
to guns in the Navy Yard, Northern Il-
linois University, Virginia Tech, Col-umbine, Aurora, Roanoke, Sandy Hook, Tucson, and Fort Hood. 
I asked my colleagues when will 
enough be enough? When will we real-ize and acknowledge that this type of mass violence does not happen in other advanced countries? When will we fi-nally be able to have a national discus-sion about gun violence? 
The answer by House leadership has 
been a resounding silence. 
The first tragedy of last week was 
the loss of nine American lives. The second tragedy is the continuing inac-tion of Congress to do anything about it. 
No legislation will stop every trag-
edy, but passing commonsense gun laws will at least stop some. It is the least we can do to honor the memory of those we have lost to gun violence and prevent the list of lives lost from grow-ing. 
f 
RED LAND LITTLE LEAGUE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I am hum-
bled to extend my sincere congratula-tions and express my profound pride and admiration to the players and coaches of Red Land Little League in Lewisberry, Pennsylvania, who re-cently returned home from the Little League World Series as the 2015 United States champions. I am privileged to represent these fine young players and their coaches, families, and supporters. 
This team’s perseverance and deter-
mination on the road to the Little League World Series and subsequent championship makes them, among a myriad of other things, outstanding role models. The team’s core values provide the foundation for their suc-cess: 
‘‘Red Land Little League Baseball is 
committed to the purpose of implant-ing firmly in the youth of the Red Land area the ideals of good sports-manship, honesty, loyalty, courage and respect for authority, so that our chil-dren may be well adjusted, stronger and happier and grow to be decent, healthy and trustworthy adults.’’ 
These values served the team well as 
they won the 2015 Little League Base-ball Mid-Atlantic Region Tournament with a 3–0 record. Throughout the tour-nament, Red Land outscored their op-ponents 36–5, and they continued their momentum with an 18–0 victory over Midwest Little League. 
As we all know all too well, a great 
sign of strong character is how you handle adversity. Red Land faced that challenge and persevered in its next two games with a 9–8 victory over the Southeast team and a 3–2 victory over the Southwest team to earn the U.S. Championship. Despite a truly impres-sive and valiant effort, the team came up short on the world championship with a loss to Japan. However, Red 
Land’s character, resilience, team-work, and sportsmanship will be re-membered long after the final results of that one game. 
The team motto, ‘‘#whynotus,’’ be-
came the rallying cry for a team that first inspired their community and went on to inspire our Commonwealth, our Nation, and the world. 
One of our Fourth District residents 
summed it up perfectly: ‘‘We were a lit-tle-known town that nobody even knew existed. Now, everyone around the world knows where we are.’’ 
I am privileged and honored to recog-
nize these players and coaches of the U.S. Champion Red Land Little League here today: 
Adam Cramer 
Jake Cubbler Jaden Henline Braden Kolmansberger Chayton Krauss Kaden Peifer Ethan Phillips Dylan Rodenhaber Zack Sooy Cole Wagner Camden Walter Bailey Wirt Jarrett Wisman Manager Peifer Assistant coaches J.K. Kolmans-
berger and Bret Wagner. 
I know I speak for my colleagues 
when I express our heartfelt thanks and congratulations to our U.S. cham-pions today. The values they have dem-onstrated in earning this title are the values that make America the greatest country in the world. We need young people like them, with strong char-acter and leadership, to ensure these values are passed to future genera-tions. I, for one, am excited to see what else these guys will accomplish as they move forward with their lives and fu-ture adventures. 
Lest we forget, such achievements re-
quire the support of countless others behind the scenes. On behalf of the United States House of Representa-tives, I extend my heartfelt thanks and appreciation to the families and friends who devoted countless amounts of time, effort, and support on Red Land’s path to the U.S. Championship. This team was away from home for many weeks as they took this journey, and this kind of triumph doesn’t happen without exceptional devotion and teamwork from all spokes on the wheel. 
Finally, I truly commend the citizens 
of Lewisberry, Pennsylvania, its sur-rounding community, and the people across Pennsylvania and the United States who mobilized behind this team to drive and push their momentum. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my great honor to 
recognize our 2015 Little League World Series United States Champions, Red Land Little League, joining us in the balcony here this morning. 
Today, we join the team’s rallying 
cry, which is, ‘‘We are Red Land.’’ GUN VIOLENCE ACROSS 
MARYLAND 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. E
DWARDS ) for 5 minutes. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, in 280 
days, Maryland has lost 301 lives to gun violence. That is 301 families that have lost mothers, fathers, brothers, sisters, sons, and daughters to domestic vio-lence, mental health, and just plain old violence with a gun. 
It is time for my colleagues to stand 
up to listen, to take on the National Rifle Association, and to stop the flood of gun violence that is ravaging our communities in Maryland and across the country. 
Let’s do that in the names of: 
Stefon Donnell Powell; Leon 
Flemming; Karim Bonner; Josphat Kobia; Matthew Thomas; Everett Thomas; John David Walsh; Troy R. Preston; Robert Durham Thomas; Darius White; Jamal Allen; Anthony Richardson; Seydina Oumar Soumagel; Donte Downer; David Hall; Harry Smith; Tyrone Archer, Jr.; Jason Ballard; Donald Gaff. 
Ashanti Lynnae Ballard-Velez; Jason 
Ballard; Davon Johnson; Stephen Forman; James Smith; Stephen Vaise; Victor Underwood Black; Marvin Bar-rett; Edward Donnell Bright, Sr.; Der-rick Dargan; Tavares Swinson; Allan Bartlett Poole; James Maurice Edward, Jr.; Malik Fuller; Jawan Goode; Own Crayton; Christopher Hagerman; An-thony Reese; Dwayne Reid; Markez Jones. 
Djuan Tillet; Tiesha Rogers; Terry 
Garnett, Jr.; Terrell Walston; Dayonte Matthew; Jonathan Lopez; Alton Wallce III; Johnie Green; Mary Green; Mark Green; Antwon Marque Coleman; Richard Anthony Jackson; Sterling Day; Daniel Brooks; Jarrell Hicks; Vic-tor Gwaitney; Andre Robinson; Kemmontay Mitchell; Jeremy Ward; Ricky Shawatza Hill. 
Keaway Lafonz Ivy; Jamar Green; 
Steven Jackson; Eugene W. Tolley; Thomas Peterson; Linda Ota; Tywaun Short; Lawrence Buckner; Gilbert Men-doza; Vedrana Mendoza; Molly Men-doza; Rondal Metzger; Mary J. Glacken; Kevin Hill; Jamal Rosebourgh; Mark Nicholson; Carvell Jones; Mark McKenna; Reanna Lynn Greene; Daquain Tate. 
Martin Brooks; Ricky Chambers, Jr.; 
Andre Hunt; Davon Williams Johnson; James Maurice Johnson; Yogesh Sheth; Bryon Showell; Levi Buck; Khai He-bron; Elliot B. Cheston, Jr.; Cornelia M. Cheston; Robert Scott Slaughter; Keith Watts; Rodney Vandette John-son; Melissa Anne Bingham; Paul Smith; Armand Parrine; Ivan Anthony McBroom; Matthew Hughes; Odell Stewart. 
Lionel Young; Harry Davis; Louis 
Hicks; Anthony Donnell Minick; Regi-nald B. Brown III; Shawn Scott; Tiffan Chisholm; Tahil Yasin; Deangelo Green; Rashard Jackson; Wade Mckin-ley Purvey; Eric Diggs, Jr.; James 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.004 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6842 October 7, 2015 
Skinner; Shawn Hickman; Kelvin War-
field; Rupert Everton Samuels; Michael Smith; Craig Deshields, Jr.; Jarmar James; Darell Alston, Jr. 
Robert Michael Mange; Lamont Scur-
ry; Charles Adams; Tyrin Diggs; James Mckoy; Hassan Fields; Bruce Fleming, Jr.; Umika Smith; Charles Jackson, Jr.; Shaquil Hinton; Charles Dobbins; Keith Leon Booze; Jennifer Jeffrey Browne; Kester ‘‘Tony’’ Browne III; Justin Mensuphu-Bey; Eladio Bennett; Pierre Rafael Edwards; Terrell Patter-son; Marie Shade Adebayo; Gerald Smith. 
Tony Moody; Davontay King; Kevin 
Jones; Ronnie Walden; Arnesha Bow-ers; Elery Hudson; Antoine Johnson; Jamon Corprew; Curtis Mitchell; Je-rome Grant; Eric Bernard Talbert; Brandon Brown; Michael S. Mont-gomery; Bruce Wayne; Bernard Dorsey; Allen Durant Gilbert; Henry McArthur; Tommy David Thomas; Spencer Lee McCain; Terrence Demond. 
Brian Augins; Ivan J. Cox, Jr.; Lon-
nie Bernard Paye, Jr.; Nathaniel Wheeler; Edward Burroughs; Craig Ivan Corbin, Jr.; Derwin Jones; Gerald Thompson; Jacqueline Parker; Lamont Randall; John F. Davis; Eric Renard Forrester; Gary Jackson; Steven Jus-tin Lewis; Darrius Johnson. 
Tyrell Hardy; James Ricardo Smith; 
Dante Barnes; Gregory Higgins; Tyrone Johnson; Marvin Coston, Jr.; Frederick Samuel Taylor; Daryl Sylvester King; Ronald Davon Penn; Robert Lee Jack-son; Damon Tisdale; Delvin Trusty; Terron Singleton; Julian Roary Sr.; Julian Roary Jr.; Ian Roary. 
Adrian Kinard; Hudson Bhagwat; Albert 
Mullen; Jefferson Bolden; Daquan Mason; Clerow Myers III; Damon L. Ramsey; Cody Lacey; Charles Diggs; Marcus Downer; Jaswinder Singh; Michael Polston; Lorod C. Warner; William Hasenei; Robin Hasenei; Donte Dixon, Jr.; Gregory Tynes; Terrence Boy; Alvin Phillips. 
Dommeir D. Deshields; Shakina Marie Per-
kins-Moody; Christopher Lowel Giles; Joseph Titus Abariko; Sandeep Bhulai; Jerome Smith; Steven Frank Krug; Kelly Lorraine Shortt-Ham-ilton; Daniel Ray Shortt, Sr.; David Lamont Nolan; Marquis Caldwell; Franklin Morris; Tyrik Adams; Melvin Heckstell; Asshams Pharoah Manley; Tyrone Anthony Creighton; Chris-topher Allen Garrett; Kevin Carey; Felix Nazas; J.R. Reid Franklin. 
Paul Hilroy Passley; Brandon Smith; Angelo 
Yancy; Jajuan Mcrae; Charles S. Hall; Karlyn Serane Ramirez; Ryan Mims; Michael Thomp-son; Tryonte Worrell; Keith Gale; Kason Wil-liams; Taurean Beard; Stonie Baker; Joshua W. L. Hodge, Sr.; Romel Simms; Kirk Butler; Michael Nichols; Thomas Meehan; Troy Midder; Darris Darnell Davis. 
Darius Edward White; Tonyado Johnson; 
Pierre Epps-Hamilton; Dante Lamont Barnes; Michael John Compton; Antonio McNeil; Cecil Harris; Kevin Cannady; Rayshawn Jones; Javon Langston; Amir Billings; Keith Harrison McLeod; Tayvon Wilson; Junanito Mosquita; Brian Johnson; Ernest Lott; Garland Johnson; Deyquawn Charvez Cooper; Tylique Proctor; Gordon Williams; James Gaylord; Harry James Smith, Jr. It is time to end the violence. It is 
time to end the silence. It is time for this Congress to do something. 
f 
AMULYA GARIMELLA—2015 DIS-
COVERY EDUCATION 3M YOUNG SCIENTIST CHALLENGE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate an outstanding student scientist in Pennsylvania’s 12th Congressional District, Amulya Garimella. She is one of 10 finalists from across the Nation in the 2015 Dis-covery Education 3M Young Scientist Challenge. 
The challenge posed to student sci-
entists across the country was to de-velop an invention that positively im-pacts the community. Amulya’s pro-posal for a distraction-monitoring sys-tem that alerts users to distraction by measuring EEG brainwaves earned her a place as a finalist, and her selection is well deserved. 
Amulya worked directly with a 3M 
scientist during a summer mentorship program to transform her concept into an actual prototype. She will present her invention during the competition’s final event, which will take place next week at the 3M Innovation Center in St. Paul, Minnesota. 
As an ardent supporter of STEM edu-
cation in western Pennsylvania, I am very glad that one of our own students is representing us in this exciting com-petition. 
I know Amulya has made her family 
and teachers proud, and Pennsylvania can be proud of her as well. She stands out as one of tomorrow’s brightest leaders in science and technology. Her accomplishments serve as an inspira-tion for other young people. 
It is students like Amulya that will 
help keep America a leader in sci-entific and technological innovation in a global economy. 
I wish Amulya all the best in the rest 
of the competition and congratulate her again on everything she has al-ready achieved. 
f 
WORLD-RENOWNED ROCK CLIMBER 
SASHA D IGIULIAN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to acknowledge and congratulate Sasha DiGiulian, a constituent and world-renowned rock climber. She is the first woman in the world and the first American to free-climb one of the most difficult routes up the north wall of the Eiger in the Swiss Alps. 
I have known Sasha for a long time. 
She is a family friend and a schoolmate of my daughter. She began climbing at just 6 years old at Sportrock in Alexan-dria, Virginia, and has since become the top female climber in the world. She is small, slender, lithe, and incred-
ibly strong. Sasha has the uncanny ability to defy gravity. 
b1030 
Sasha was the overall female world 
champion in 2011, is the reigning Pan- American champion since 2004, and is a three-time U.S. national champion. She is the only North American woman and the third woman in the world to climb the grade 9a, 5.14d, the hardest sport climbing grade ever achieved by a woman, doing so in Kentucky’s Red River Gorge. 
In August, at age 22, Sasha climbed 
the north wall of the Eiger, a massive 1-mile vertical rock face in the Swiss Alps. This is one of the most difficult and deadliest mountains in the world. Sixty-four people have died attempting the Eiger since 1935, earning it the Ger-man nickname ‘‘Mordwand’’ or ‘‘Mur-der Wall.’’ 
It took Sasha and her climbing part-
ner, Carlo Traversi, nearly a month to make the climb, facing constant rock-fall, rain, ice, and snowstorms through-out their ascent. Sasha became the first woman and the first American to climb the face via the Magic Mushroom route, one of the most difficult paths to the summit. 
As if her accomplishments were not 
impressive enough already, Sasha is also a third-year student at Columbia University, where she is studying non-fiction writing and business. She has been published in National Geographic and several other outdoor publications, and is an athlete representative on the board of the International Federation of Sport Climbing. 
I would like to take this opportunity 
to congratulate Sasha on her out-standing achievements. She is a shin-ing example of how hard work, deter-mination, and dedication can lead any-one to unprecedented heights. I wish Sasha all the best in her future ascents as she continues to make us proud. To paraphrase Maurice Herzog: There are other Eigers in the lives of women and men. 
f 
NEW LOCAL VA CLINIC IN PLANO, 
TEXAS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
AMJOHNSON ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, our veterans are our protec-tors and defenders of our democracy. For their faithful service and sacrifice, I believe that, when our veterans re-turn home, as a grateful Nation, we must provide these men and women with good health care. 
Now, the Third District of Texas, 
which I represent, is a deeply patriotic community, and it is home to many veterans. To help these folks have bet-ter access to care, for several years I have been pushing for a local VA clinic to be established in our neck of the woods. Well, exactly one week ago we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07OC7.007 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6843 October 7, 2015 
got our good news that a location was 
finally chosen. 
Our new community-based out-
patient clinic will be at 3804 West 15th Street in Plano, Texas. The new Collin County VA Clinic will make a huge dif-ference for veterans because they will finally be able to receive high-quality care closer to home. It is a huge win for north Texas, and I couldn’t be happier for our community and our hometown heroes. 
It was the right thing to do, and our 
hard work is paying off. We are looking forward to the clinic finally opening its doors in the spring. I want to thank all the folks who have helped make the local VA clinic a reality. 
I especially want to thank our vet-
erans because they are the reason this is happening. They deserve this clinic. They deserve our support. Rest as-sured, I will continue to be a champion for our veterans to see that we take good care of them. God bless our vet-erans. I salute them all. 
f 
WE SHOULD STOP TRYING TO RUN 
THE MIDDLE EAST 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. D
UNCAN ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. 
Speaker, the same people that got us into a very unnecessary war in Iraq are now clamoring for military action in Syria. These same people that have op-posed us getting out of Afghanistan, even though our troops have been there more than three times longer than World War II, now demand action in Syria. These same people seem to want us to be at war in almost every country in the Middle East, even though things are worse now than when we started fighting there many years ago. 
Surely we have learned a very costly 
lesson after spending trillions of U.S. taxpayer dollars and losing thousands of American lives, that we cannot run the Middle East. President Eisenhower certainly knew the horrors of war. He brought us home from Korea and kept us out of all the conflicts and little wars during his time in office. 
He did not have to prove that he was 
tough or that he was a great military leader. Too many of our leaders or would-be leaders seem to be falling all over themselves trying to show that they are tougher than anyone else. 
With our national debt now totaling 
more than $18 trillion, we simply can-not afford to intervene in every hotspot or conflict all around the world. This is not isolationism, this is common sense. 
We should have trade and tourism 
with other countries and cultural and educational exchanges, but we should not be eager to go to war or send troops or drones or bombs in mainly to prove that we are great world leaders. 
We have too many officials and can-
didates who want to be seen as new Winston Churchills. They try to turn every two-bit dictator into new Hitlers. President Eisenhower, in his most fa-
mous speech near the end of his Presi-dency, warned us against the military- industrial complex. Now some people say we have a security-industrial com-plex as well. 
Most of the threats against us have 
been greatly exaggerated by people and companies which make big money from all of our foreign interventions. 
If we would stop trying to run the 
Middle East, we could make our own country stronger from both a financial and security standpoint. While our in-tentions have been honorable, our for-eign policies in the Middle East have created much hatred and resentment for us. 
It was not an American bomb that 
went astray killing 131 people at the wedding in Yemen a few days ago, but all the reports said it was a U.S.-led co-alition. So we are getting the blame. 
The air attack on the Doctors With-
out Borders hospital in Afghanistan that killed 22 in what the Pentagon de-scribed as inadvertent was another public relations disaster for the U.S. 
We need to stop trying to run the 
whole world. We have enough problems of our own right here at home, yet many of our leaders seem to feel more important if they are concentrating on foreign issues. 
It is not the fault of the American 
people, but it is the fault of our liberal elitist foreign policy establishment that there is so much hatred for Amer-ica in the Middle East. 
This liberal elitist establishment 
wanted us to go to war in Syria 2 or 3 years ago, but the public outcry from ordinary American citizens was so strong against it that their plans had to be abandoned. 
Now these same interventionists 
have figured out a way to accomplish their goal by resurrecting a Russia that no longer exists. Even the dis-graced General Petraeus said at a hear-ing last week that Putin’s foreign re-serves are less than $200 billion. With his economy at home in shambles, in part, due to low prices for oil and nat-ural gas, he cannot afford to run Syria for long, even if it were possible to do so. 
If Putin wants to pursue this folly, 
we certainly should not try to do the same, as if it were a competitive ad-vantage to take over a failed state. It would be especially foolish to try to take over a messed-up place like the Syria of today. Businessmen compete to take over very profitable businesses. They generally don’t fight over busi-nesses that are going under. 
While the neoconservatives hate to 
admit it, both Assad in Syria and the leadership in Iran are allies in the fight against ISIS. ISIS has strength for two main reasons: One, resentment for our interventions in the Middle East; and, two, billions of dollars’ worth of U.S. equipment abandoned by security forces that we spent billions to train who cut and run at the first sign of danger. We should not send more young Americans to fight and die for people 
who are not willing to fight for them-selves. 
Dr. Daniel Larison, a contributing 
editor of the American Conservative magazine, wrote a few days ago that ‘‘the U.S. keeps stumbling ahead with a war in Syria that it doesn’t need to be fighting. All of this comes ulti-mately from our political leaders’ in-ability to recognize that there are many conflicts that the U.S. should avoid all together.’’ Eisenhower recog-nized this. We desperately need a lead-er like him again. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, columnist Pat 
Buchanan summed it up best: ‘‘If America’s elites continue to assert their right to intervene in the internal affairs of nations . . . then we are headed for endless conflict.’’ 
He said: ‘‘There was a time, not so 
long ago . . . when Americans accepted a diversity of regimes abroad. Indeed, a belief in nonintervention abroad was once the very cornerstone of American foreign policy.’’ 
f 
HONORING CAPTAIN MATTHEW D. 
ROLAND 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize a true American hero: U.S. Air Force Captain Matthew D. Roland from Lexington, Kentucky. Captain Roland gave his life in service to his country when he was killed in Afghani-stan on August 26, 2015. 
Captain Roland graduated in 2006 
from Lexington Catholic High School, where he was a member of the National Honor Society and ran cross country. He was recognized as a born leader, mo-tivated and dedicated to all that he did, demonstrated by his achieving the rank of Eagle Scout in high school. He earned an appointment to the United States Air Force Academy, where he graduated in 2010. 
Captain Roland was an officer in the 
23rd Special Tactics Squadron. He de-ployed 3 times in his 5 years of service, serving in many locations around the world. The tragic loss of this brave, young man, a patriot to his country, is felt by all who knew him. 
Along with a grateful Nation, I honor 
his legacy, embrace his family, and to Captain Roland say thank you for your ultimate sacrifice for American free-dom. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 40 
minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.006 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6844 October 7, 2015 
b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Loving God, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. 
We give You thanks that You have 
given to us the goals of justice and the designs of freedom, and that these are our heritage as Americans. 
Bless the Members of the people’s 
House with the understanding that it is their work to develop the strategies and the plans for achieving those goals, and the trust to know that Your spirit is with them in their work. 
Grace this assembly with the resolve 
to be faithful in its tasks, responsible in its actions, and fervent in its desire to serve a nation which, so many hope, will live beyond any current difficul-ties into an ever greater realization of both justice and freedom. 
May all that is done today be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania (Mr. T HOMPSON ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania led 
the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
NOTICE OF INTENTION TO OFFER 
RESOLUTION RAISING A QUES-TION OF THE PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to give notice of my intention to raise a question of the privileges of the House. 
The form of the resolution is as fol-
lows: 
Whereas the attacks in Benghazi, 
Libya, on September 11, 2012, took the lives of U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens, Foreign Service Officer Sean Smith, and former Navy SEALs Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty; 
Whereas the events leading up to and 
in the immediate aftermath of the at-tacks on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi were rightfully and thor-oughly examined to honor the memory 
of the victims and to improve the safe-ty of the men and women serving our country overseas; 
Whereas the independent Account-
ability Review Board convened by the U.S. State Department investigated the events in Benghazi and found no evidence of deliberate wrongdoing; 
Whereas five committees in the U.S. 
House of Representatives investigated the events in Benghazi and found no evidence of deliberate wrongdoing; 
Whereas four committees in the U.S. 
Senate investigated the events in Benghazi and found no evidence of de-liberate wrongdoing; 
Whereas in each fiscal year, more 
than $4 billion is appropriated to run the Congress, with untold amounts of this taxpayer money expended by nine Congressional committees to inves-tigate the events in Benghazi, none of which produced any evidence of delib-erate wrongdoing; 
Whereas after the exhaustive, thor-
ough, and costly investigations by nine Congressional committees and the independent Accountability Review Board found no evidence of deliberate wrongdoing, Republican leaders in the House insisted on using taxpayer dol-
lars to fund a new, duplicative ‘‘Select Committee on the Events Surrounding the 2012 Terrorist Attack in Benghazi,’’ (hereafter the Select Committee) to re- examine the matter; 
Whereas this taxpayer-funded com-
mittee was given broad powers to pur-sue its investigations, including an un-limited, taxpayer-funded budget and granting the Chairman the legal au-thority to subpoena documents and compel testimony without any debate or a vote; 
Whereas the ongoing Republican-led 
investigation into the events in Benghazi is now one of the longest run-ning and least productive investiga-tions in Congressional history; 
Whereas a widely-quoted statement 
made on September 29th, 2015 by Rep-resentative K
EVIN MCCARTHY , the Re-
publican Leader of the House of Rep-resentatives, has called into question the integrity of the proceedings of the Select Committee and the House of Representatives as a whole; 
Whereas this statement by Rep-
resentative M
CCARTHY demonstrates 
that the Select Committee established by Republican leaders in the House of Representatives was created to influ-ence public opinion of a presidential candidate; 
Whereas the Select Committee has 
been in existence for 17 months but has held only three hearings; 
Whereas the Select Committee aban-
doned its plans to obtain public testi-mony from Defense Department and In-telligence Community leaders; 
Whereas the Select Committee ex-
cluded Democratic Members from interviews of witnesses who provided exculpatory information related to its investigation; 
Whereas information obtained by the 
Select Committee has been selectively and inaccurately leaked to influence 
the electoral standing of a candidate for public office; 
Whereas such actions represent an 
abuse of power that demonstrates the partisan nature of the Select Com-mittee; 
Whereas the Select Committee has 
spent more than $4.5 million in tax-payer funds to date to advance its par-tisan efforts; 
Whereas this amount does not in-
clude the costs of the independent Ac-countability Review Board; the hear-ings and reports by nine Congressional committees; the time, money, and re-sources consumed by Federal agencies to comply with Select Committee re-quests; or the opportunity cost of not spending this money elsewhere, such as improving security for our diplomatic officers abroad; 
Whereas it is an outrage that more 
than $4.5 million in taxpayer funds have been used by Republicans in the House of Representatives, not to run the government, but to interfere inap-propriately with an election for presi-dent of the United States; 
Whereas the use of taxpayer dollars 
by the House of Representatives for campaign purposes is a violation of the Rules of the House and Federal law; 
Resolved , That: (1) this misuse of the 
official resources of the House of Rep-resentatives for political purposes un-dermines the integrity of the pro-ceedings of the House and brings dis-credit to the House; (2) the integrity of the proceedings of the House can be fully restored only by the dissolution of the Select Committee; and (3) the Select Committee shall be dismantled and is hereby directed to make public within thirty days transcripts of all unclassified interviews and depositions it has conducted. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
D
ENHAM ). Under rule IX, a resolution 
offered from the floor by a Member other than the majority leader or the minority leader as a question of the privileges of the House has immediate precedence only at a time designated by the Chair within 2 legislative days 
after the resolution is properly noticed. 
Pending that designation, the form of 
the resolution noticed by the gentle-woman from New York will appear in the R
ECORD at this point. 
The Chair will not at this point de-
termine whether the resolution con-stitutes a question of privilege. That determination will be made at the time designated for consideration of the res-olution. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will entertain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
CALIFORNIA’S WATER CRISIS 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.010 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6845 October 7, 2015 
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, Califor-
nia’s water-year starts each year on October 1. The 2016 California water- year started last Thursday, and we come into that year with the six main reservoirs of the Central Valley Project at only 24 percent of their total capac-ity, or a combined 200,000 acre-feet below where they started the water- year in 2015, just 1 year ago. 
That represents enough water supply, 
200,000 acre-feet, to supply the city of Sacramento for 2 years. Half of the res-ervoirs don’t even have 20 percent of their capacity. The San Luis Reservoir has less than 10 percent of its Federal water capacity. 
El Nino, though welcomed if it hap-
pens, will not stop the drought in Cali-fornia because the State has not in-vested nearly enough in additional water storage for our State and its peo-ple. Congress and the California State government need to act now to open new water resources so we don’t fallow more farms and thirst more cities, or we will risk doing irreparable harm to California’s $1 trillion economy. 
Mr. Speaker, we need to take action 
now. 
f 
COUNTING THE COST OF GUNS 
(Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, when the American Public Health Association totaled the cost of gun violence in the United States for 1 year, it amounted to $174 billion, about $363 for every American. And if you consider just the loss of life, more Americans have been killed by guns since 1968 than have died in all the wars this country has ever fought. 
Now, once more, in the wake of an-
other mass shooting, too many leaders have responded with indifference. Just move on. But when 32 Americans are killed with a gun every single day, we cannot afford to stand still. We cannot just move on. 
So far in this Congress, the House has 
held not one single hearing on gun vio-lence, not one chance to evaluate ways to curb this epidemic of gun violence. Mr. Speaker, we cannot go on like this. Not one more American should die be-cause Congress has failed to act. 
f 
HOMEBUYERS ASSISTANCE ACT 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, on October 
3, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau implemented a new rule to streamline disclosure requirements during the home buying process. 
Helping consumers better understand 
their mortgage terms is a worthy goal. No one is arguing that. However, this rule makes considerable changes to the forms used by consumers when apply-ing for a loan, and anyone with sense can see that will lead to unforeseen issues. That means American home 
buyers will have less flexibility to buy and close on a home on their terms in the coming months. 
Fortunately, this week the House 
will consider the Homebuyers Assist-ance Act, which creates a temporary safe harbor from enforcement of this new rule as long as a good faith effort was made to comply. The legislation will give the CFPB the necessary time to address implementation hurdles with stakeholders. It is the right move for America’s housing recovery. 
f 
TREAT ACT 
(Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, every 
day more than 60 Americans die due to an overdose of prescription drugs. The death rate from heroin overdose, an epidemic fueled by addiction to opioid painkillers, quadrupled from 2002 to 2013. 
A person suffering from opioid addic-
tion needs access to medication ther-apy. In many cases, treatment limited to rapid detoxification and abstinence can lead to an overdose during the first month of treatment. 
Effective medications to treat opioid 
addiction exist, but Federal regula-tions restrict the number of patients a physician can treat. This is a dan-gerous limitation, considering that 877,000 physicians can prescribe opioids, but only 29,000 can prescribe treat-ments for opioid addiction. 
Tomorrow, the Energy and Com-
merce Committee will hold a hearing on the TREAT Act, legislation I intro-duced to increase the number of pa-tients to whom a physician can pre-scribe treatments for opioid addiction. It would also expand the authority to nurse practitioners and physician as-sistants. 
I thank the committee for consid-
ering my bill and will work across the aisle to bring it to the floor. 
In the meantime, I urge my col-
leagues to weigh in with the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services to address this problem as well. 
f 
PATTI FLOOD—ANGELS IN 
ADOPTION 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratu-late Patti Flood, a Centre County resi-dent who is being recognized tonight as an Angel in Adoption. Angels in Adop-tion is a program of the Congressional Coalition on Adoption Institute and honors those who have made extraor-dinary contributions on behalf of chil-dren in need of families. 
Patti is the executive director of 
Family Intervention Crisis Services, which helps children in Centre County, Pennsylvania, and the surrounding 
area connect with foster homes and adoption, along with reuniting their bi-ological parents whenever possible. 
Mr. Speaker, Patti Flood has im-
pacted the lives of countless children. Through her work, she has pushed for the development of new programs in Centre County dedicated to helping children find permanent homes as quickly as possible. In addition to her professional role, Patti serves as a trainer for the Pennsylvania Child Wel-fare Training Program, passing on the knowledge gained over her nearly 30- year career. 
Helping children in need of adoption 
is a service which demonstrates real selflessness and a strong dedication to community. I thank Patti Flood for her service to our area’s children. 
f 
b1215 
THE PEOPLE’S HOUSE IS IN CHAOS 
(Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, the 
House of Representatives, the people’s House, is in chaos. Last week, just hours before a government shutdown, we only managed to pass a 6-week CR to keep the government open. I voted for this bill because I refuse to shut down government and to do it over par-tisan politics because our Nation de-serves better. 
It is time for the GOP dysfunction to 
end. If we work together, Mr. Speaker, today with bipartisan support, we could reauthorize the Ex-Im Bank, re-store voting rights lost in the wake of the Shelby v. Holder decision, and fund the highway trust fund in a sustained way. 
But none of this seems to be hap-
pening because of Republican chaos and the inability to govern effectively. Republicans in Congress need to join Democrats and just get back to the issues that hardworking American families care about: jobs, voting rights, and the economy. 
f 
WE SHOULD PASS THE EMAIL 
PRIVACY ACT 
(Mr. YODER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in defense of the Constitution. I rise today to stand for the Fourth Amendment and the right against un-reasonable searches and seizures with-out probable cause. 
The Email Privacy Act, the House’s 
most cosponsored bill to not have a vote, this week got its 300th cosponsor. My friend from New York, L
EEZELDIN , 
became the latest Member of Congress to join this bipartisan legislation. 
With a majority of Republicans and a 
majority of Democrats now supporting this bill, this is a bill whose time has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.011 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6846 October 7, 2015 
come. Americans who use digital com-
munication in texts, emails, and social media are being governed by a 1986 law, the Electronic Communications Pri-vacy Act, which was written long be-fore the Internet, as we understand it today, existed. 
Americans overwhelmingly agree 
that our email should have the same Fourth Amendment protections as our paper documents. We should require a warrant to read the content of Ameri-cans’ emails, and we should pass the Email Privacy Act, H.R. 699. 
With 300 cosponsors and growing, it is 
time to act. It is time to show the American people that Congress will protect them and defend the Constitu-tion. 
f 
CONGRESS MUST ACT TO AVOID A 
DEFAULT 
(Mr. GALLEGO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in full support of President Obama’s announcement on Friday that he will not negotiate with the Repub-lican Congress over raising the debt limit. 
This is the right decision because 
there is nothing to negotiate. There is only one simple path forward: to pass a clean debt limit extension that pro-tects our Nation’s full faith and credit. 
Unfortunately, last week the major-
ity leader and the presumptive next Speaker of the House went on national television and committed to fight to the end to defund the ACA and the President’s immigration executive ac-tions while trying to stop the debt limit increase. I fear—as we all should—what this might mean. 
Are he and the House Republicans 
going to threaten to shut down the government to pursue this extreme agenda? Are they going to hold our Na-tion’s full faith and credit hostage? 
Mr. Speaker, for 5 years now, House 
Republicans have hurtled the Congress and the country from one manufac-tured crisis to another. This must stop and must stop now. With only 30 days left before we hit the debt limit, the Republican Congress should act imme-diately to take the prospect of a cata-strophic default off the table. 
f 
OUR MENTAL HEALTH SYSTEM IS 
BROKEN 
(Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to raise awareness for the more than 11 million Americans who suffer from severe mental health illness. 
As we recognize Mental Illness 
Awareness Week, we have the oppor-tunity to discuss this complex issue and the impact it has on both families and society. We must continue to iden-tify ways we can help those who are suffering. Our mental health system is broken. 
Many are going without treatment, and families often struggle to find ap-propriate care for their loved ones. As vice chairman of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, I know this is an issue especially important to our vet-erans, our true heroes. 
My COVER Act, which was approved 
by the House earlier this year, helps provide alternative therapies for our veterans dealing with mental health issues. 
The Committee on Energy and Com-
merce’s Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, actually sponsored by Representative M
URPHY from Penn-
sylvania, further works to address the shortage of treatment options, lack of access to mental health services, and the lack of communication within the system. 
We must continue our efforts to im-
prove mental health care and remove the stigma associated with mental ill-ness. 
f 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD HELPS 
THE MEDICALLY UNDERSERVED 
(Mr. KENNEDY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, early 
detection of breast cancer can be the difference between a life saved and a life lost, but too often women are forced to forgo critical screenings be-cause of lack of access to affordable preventative care. By opening their doors to so many medically under-served communities, Planned Parent-hood is working to address those gaps. 
As this is Breast Cancer Awareness 
Month, we should be applauding the doctors and nurses who work tirelessly to detect breast cancer at its earliest stages. We should be thanking them for providing 500,000 breast exams every single year, helping to identify cancer and other serious illness in nearly 90,000 women. 
We should be replicating their efforts 
to educate women on the warning signs and symptoms of breast cancer. But, instead, my Republican colleagues are focused on creating a politically moti-vated select committee with the ulti-mate goal of defunding the organiza-tion. 
It is time to move past these partisan 
attacks and focus on working together to expand the access to preventative care that will help treat breast cancer. 
f 
OCTOBER IS AMERICAN 
PHARMACISTS MONTH 
(Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to recognize October as American Pharmacists Month. This month it is important to recognize those who wake up every morning to ensure that Americans have access to important and possible lifesaving medi-
cations. 
I know the passion and dedication of 
a pharmacist because I am one. Phar-macists work every day to ensure that patients’ prescription drugs are accu-rate, safe, and effective. We provide education to customers on possible treatments, and we are trusted and knowledgeable healthcare providers in our communities. In fact, pharmacists are in the top three most trusted pro-fessions by Americans, and I am proud to be one. 
As pharmacists, we all have the com-
mon goal to assist in providing quality and affordable health care. We ensure that pain is managed, headaches are re-lieved, and hearts stay healthy. 
This month I would like to acknowl-
edge all pharmacists who continue to provide their service in support to 
Americans across the country. Thank you for your hard work and dedication. 
f 
SUPPORT THE WIND ENERGY 
INDUSTRY 
(Mr. LOEBSACK asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to express my strong support for the wind energy industry, the workers that it employs, and the clean energy it produces. 
My home State of Iowa leads the Na-
tion in the amount of electricity con-sumers get from wind, with around 30 percent of our electric power coming from wind. It also supports some 80,000 jobs across the country and over 6,000 in Iowa alone. 
My district is a manufacturing pow-
erhouse, with several major manufac-turing facilities, including Siemens, TPI Composites and Trinity Structural Towers. I was happy today to be able to meet with representatives from these companies to discuss the need for Fed-eral policy stability, specifically an ex-tension of the production tax credit. 
It is my hope that this body will take 
up a tax extenders bill soon which in-cludes an extension of the renewable energy production tax credit. Please join me in supporting these American manufacturing companies and all the hard-working Americans that they em-ploy. 
f 
NATIONAL BULLYING PREVENTION 
MONTH 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, 
this October marks the 10th annual Na-tional Bullying Prevention Month, and with it comes an opportunity to bring visibility to an issue that negatively impacts thousands of students in our schools and communities every day. 
Instead of being a safe haven for 
learning and growth, some classrooms can become places of torment, of de-spair, of exclusion, for those suffering 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.013 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6847 October 7, 2015 
the emotional and physical repercus-
sions of bullying. With the advances of the Internet and social media, bullies have found a medium to further perpet-uate their abusive ways. 
As a member of the Congressional 
Anti-Bullying Caucus, I am reaching across the aisle and working with my colleagues to shed light on the realities of bullying and the dire consequences that it can have both online and off-line. 
While October may be designated as 
National Bullying Prevention Month, our work, Mr. Speaker, must not stop when the calendar turns. Together we can establish bullying-free schools so that our children can grow to be suc-cessful and thriving members of our so-ciety. 
f 
RECOGNIZING HISPANIC LEADERS 
FROM OMAHA 
(Mr. ASHFORD asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, as we 
celebrate National Hispanic Heritage Month, I rise today to recognize two true Hispanic leaders in my home dis-trict of Omaha, Nebraska. 
Two remarkable women, Linda Gar-
cia Perez and Magdalena Garcia, have been instrumental in the preservation and advancement of the Latino arts and culture in our area. 
Linda Garcia Perez has spent 40 years 
creating, teaching, and exhibiting Mexican/Latino traditions and cus-toms. She incorporates Mexican folk art with basic art instruction to teach English and Spanish-speaking children and adults. 
She has broadened my community’s 
knowledge and understanding of the Hispanic heritage, as has Magdalena Garcia, the founder and executive di-rector of Omaha’s El Museo Latino. The museum is a resource center for Latino studies throughout the Mid-west. 
Of special note, however, are the mu-
seum’s educational programs, which enlighten students from kindergarten through college as well as adults. 
The contributions of Linda Garcia 
Perez and Magdalena Garcia have es-tablished a robust environment for the Latino arts and culture in Omaha. It is with great honor that I recognize these two outstanding women. 
f 
THE TIME FOR SILENCE IS OVER 
(Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, yesterday 
the Members of this House gathered once again for a moment of silence. This time it was for the nine Ameri-cans killed last week in the mass shooting in Roseburg, Oregon. 
Yet, our brief moment of silence 
pales in comparison to the never-end-ing silence that the families who lost loved ones are to endure today and 
every day from now on. What they wouldn’t give to hear the voices of their loved ones again. What they wouldn’t give to hear their laughter once more. 
My friends, a moment of silence that 
lasts 30 seconds is, quite literally, the least that we can do. It is not enough. I know I can’t speak for the House, but I can speak for myself. I will do every-thing I can—everything I can—to pre-vent more of our loved ones from being silenced by gun violence. 
If we want to prevent more gun vio-
lence moments of silence on this House floor, then we must speak out. We must call out the gun industry and the groups that represent it on Capitol Hill for blocking every meaningful attempt to stop this gun violence. The time for silence, Mr. Speaker, is over. 
f 
HONORING HARVEY B. GANTT 
(Ms. ADAMS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Mr. Harvey B. Gantt. Mr. Gantt has dedicated his life to being an advocate and fearless voice for the voiceless. When he was a teen-ager during the civil rights movement, he participated in sit-ins. 
Even in the face of adversity, Mr. 
Gantt persevered. In 1961, he sued to enter then racially segregated Clemson University. He won, and he went on to become Clemson University’s first Af-rican American student graduating with honors. 
In later years, he took on leadership 
roles, serving for 9 years on the Char-lotte City Council. In 1983, Harvey Gantt made history as the first African American mayor of Charlotte, serving two terms. During his terms, he fo-cused on preserving and sustaining Charlotte’s neighborhoods and the City Center. 
Throughout his life, he has used his 
background as an architect to evoke positive change in urban communities. 
In the coming days, Mr. Gantt will be 
honored with the North Carolina Hu-manities Council’s highest award, the John Tyler Caldwell award, for his out-standing lifelong achievements. 
Mr. Gantt never ran away from chal-
lenges. He always put his community and its people first. For that, I thank him. I congratulate him on receiving this award. 
f 
b1230 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DR. SYBIL 
MOBLEY 
(Ms. GRAHAM asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, today I 
rise to honor the life of Dr. Sybil Mobley, the founding dean of Florida A&M University’s School of Business and Industry. Dr. Mobley first worked at Florida A&M as a secretary in 1945. 
She then went on to study at the Whar-ton School of Finance and earned her doctorate from the University of Illi-nois. 
After graduating, Dr. Mobley re-
turned to Florida A&M, and in 1974, she became the founding dean of the uni-versity’s School of Business and Indus-try. She held that position for 29 years, during which time she worked tire-lessly to build the business school into a nationally recognized institution. Her rise from working as a secretary to sitting on the boards of Fortune 500 companies and leading a business school serves as an inspiration to all of us. 
Today, we mourn Dr. Mobley’s pass-
ing and celebrate her life. She was a treasure to FAMU, Tallahassee, to the State of Florida, and our Nation. 
f 
CYBERSECURITY THREATS 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, Amer-
ican companies are facing a growing threat from cybersecurity attacks that aim to disrupt business, access per-sonal information, and steal intellec-
tual property. With October being Na-tional Cyber Security Awareness Month, we need to focus on ensuring our systems are safe, both in the pri-vate and public sectors. 
At a congressional hearing not long 
ago, the head of the FBI said there are two types of companies: those that have been hacked and those that do not know they have been hacked. We have seen numerous companies in the past few years that have been the victims of massive cyber attacks. The Federal Government cyber breach recently at the Office of Personnel Management has also put the personal information of millions of Americans at risk. 
The House has taken action by pass-
ing the National Cybersecurity Protec-tion Advancement Act that protects critical information from hackers and ensures more cooperation between the businesses and the government to thwart cyber attacks. 
Mr. Speaker, we know the vulnerabil-
ity of our information systems. We need a cybersecurity framework that ensures Americans’ information is pro-tected. 
f 
AIRPORT SECURITY ACT 
(Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to speak in favor of commonsense legislation. Common sense means the use of good judgment in making decisions. Common sense is passing legislation that will keep our airports safe. 
It is frightening that in 2015 it is 
legal in America to openly carry a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.014 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6848 October 7, 2015 
fully loaded semiautomatic weapon 
with a high-capacity magazine strapped to your chest and parade through your local TSA-protected air-port. This is precisely what happened at Atlanta’s Hartsfield-Jackson Air-port, the world’s busiest airport. 
In June, I introduced the Airport Se-
curity Act of 2015, which would make it illegal to carry loaded guns onto air-port property—openly or concealed— unless properly packed for shipment, and with an exception provided to law enforcement. 
The Homeland Security Committee 
has been proactive in passing legisla-tion that preserves transportation safe-ty in this session. I urge that com-mittee to review my legislation to keep our airports safe, and vote to move this legislation to the floor. It is just common sense. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
FARENTHOLD ) laid before the House the 
following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, October 7, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on Oc-tober 7, 2015 at 11:05 a.m.: 
That the Senate passed with an amend-
ment H.R. 34. 
That the Senate passed with an amend-
ment H.R. 3116. 
That the Senate agreed to S. Con Res. 22. With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 3192, HOMEBUYERS AS-SISTANCE ACT 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, by direc-
tion of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 462 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 462 
Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-
lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 3192) to provide for a temporary safe harbor from the enforcement of integrated disclosure requirements for mortgage loan transactions under the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 and the Truth in Lending Act, and for other purposes. All points of order against consid-eration of the bill are waived. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. The previous question shall be considered as or-dered on the bill and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Financial Services; and (2) one motion to re-commit. S
EC. 2. On any legislative day during the 
period from October 12, 2015, through October 19, 2015— 
(a) the Journal of the proceedings of the 
previous day shall be considered as approved; and 
(b) the Chair may at any time declare the 
House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, arti-cle I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. 
S
EC. 3. The Speaker may appoint Members 
to perform the duties of the Chair for the du-ration of the period addressed by section 2 of this resolution as though under clause 8(a) of rule I. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Ohio is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, for the 
purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), 
pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, on Tues-
day, the Rules Committee met and re-ported a rule for H.R. 3192, the Home-buyers Assistance Act. H. Res. 462 pro-vides a closed rule for consideration of H.R. 3192. The resolution provides 1 hour of debate equally divided between the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Financial Services. The resolution also provides a motion to recommit for the bill. In ad-dition, the rule provides the normal re-cess authorities to allow the chair to manage pro forma sessions during next week’s district work period. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of the resolution and the underlying legislation. 
For more than 30 years, Federal law 
has required lenders to provide two dif-ferent disclosure forms to consumers applying for a mortgage. The law also has generally required two different forms at or shortly before the closing on the loan. Two different Federal agencies developed these forms sepa-rately under two different statutes: the Truth in Lending Act, or TILA, and the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974, or RESPA. 
The Truth in Lending Act provides 
meaningful disclosure of credit terms to enable consumers to compare credit terms available in the marketplace more readily and avoid the uninformed use of credit. 
The Real Estate Settlement Proce-
dures Act of 1974 exists to ensure that consumers are provided with greater and more timely information on the nature and costs of their residential real estate settlement process and are protected from unnecessarily high set-tlement charges caused by certain abu-
sive practices that Congress found and made sure that we got rid of. 
On November 20, 2013, the Consumer 
Financial Protection Bureau finalized the TILA-RESPA Integrated Disclo-sure rule, or TRID, which combined these two forms that had been sepa-rated for 30 years so that consumers can receive uniform information on one form on both their TILA and RESPA information. The new disclo-sures are generally referred to as the ‘‘combined’’ or ‘‘integrated’’ disclo-sures. 
The Integrated Disclosure rule re-
quires loan originators who receive an application to provide consumers a loan estimate form that combines the initial TILA disclosure and the Good Faith Estimate. 
While intended to streamline the cur-
rent duplicative disclosure regime under TILA and RESPA, the Integrated Disclosure rule poses significant imple-mentation and compliance challenges. It makes significant changes to the origination, processing, and closing of mortgage loans; requires business deci-sions at all stages of the transaction; and includes difficult to understand timing and delivery requirements and other practical implementation issues that go beyond the form and content requirements. 
Mr. Speaker, the rule we are dis-
cussing today is very substantial. In fact, it is in front of me. It has 1,888 pages of new requirements. This is a massive regulatory change, and there needs to be time to adjust to its imple-mentation. I think we all agree on that. I heard yesterday, in the Rules Committee, the ranking member of the Financial Services Committee agree that there does need to be time to ad-just to the implementation. 
In fact, just this last week, I was in 
Chillicothe, Ohio, visiting the offices of a real estate company that had a title agency next door, a closing agency, and they were very concerned about the po-tential harm to home buyers that might see their closings delayed or, in fact, the whole process just seized up if we don’t figure out how to implement this regulation in a thoughtful way and allow time for transition. 
As I said, everyone agrees that less 
paperwork and more streamlined proc-esses are positive steps for Congress and the regulators to encourage. How-ever, given the complexity of the Inte-grated Disclosure rule, I believe Con-gress must also give those affected by this rule time to implement the changes in a thoughtful way. 
In fact, Mr. Speaker, I, along with 
the gentleman from Massachusetts and over 250 of our colleagues in the House, signed a letter in May asking the Di-rector of the CFPB, Richard Cordray, to implement a ‘‘hold harmless’’ period for parties affected by the rule as they attempt to comply with the new regu-lations. I will submit a copy of that letter for the R
ECORD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.016 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6849 October 7, 2015 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , 
Washington, DC, May 20, 2015. 
Hon. R ICHARD CORDRAY , 
Director, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. 
D
EARDIRECTOR CORDRAY : The undersigned 
Members of Congress acknowledge that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB or Bureau) has done significant work on the TILA-RESPA Integrated Disclosure (TR–ID) regulation. Nevertheless, this com-plicated and extensive rule is likely to cause challenges during implementation, which is currently scheduled for August 1, 2015, that could negatively impact consumers. As you know, the housing market is highly sea-sonal, with August, September, and October consistently being some of the busiest months of the year for home sales and settle-ments. By contrast, January and February are consistently the slowest months of the year for real estate activity. We therefore encourage the Bureau to announce and im-plement a ‘‘grace period’’ for those seeking to comply in good faith from August 1st through the end of 2015. 
Even with significant advance notice, un-
derstanding how to implement and comply with this regulation will only become clear when the industry gains experience using these new forms and processes in real-life situations. As the TRID regulation does not provide lenders an opportunity to start using the new disclosure form prior to the August 1st implementation date, market partici-pants will not be able to test their systems and procedures ahead of time, which in-creases the risk of unanticipated disruptions on August 1st. That is why we believe that a grace period for those seeking to comply in good faith from August 1st through the end of 2015 would be particularly useful in these circumstances. During this time, industry can provide data to the CFPB on issues that arise so that the Bureau and industry can work together to remove impediments to the effectiveness of the rule. 
Thank you for your time and consider-
ation. If we may be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact us. 
Sincerely, 
Ralph Abraham; Alma Adams; Robert 
Aderholt; Pete Aguilar; Rick Allen; Mark Amodei; Lou Barletta; Andy Barr; Joe Bar-ton; Joyce Beatty; Dan Benishek; Donald S. Beyer; Gus Bilirakis; Sanford Bishop; Mike Bishop; Marsha Blackburn; Madeleine Bordallo; Charles Boustany; Brendan Boyle; Kevin Brady. 
Dave Brat; Jim Bridenstine; Mo Brooks; 
Susan Brooks; Julia Brownley; G.K. Butterfield; Bradley Byrne; Lois Capps; Mi-chael Capuano; Tony Cardenas; John Carney; Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’ Carter; Kathy Castor; Steve Chabot; David Cicilline; Katherine Clark; Emanuel Cleaver; Mike Coffman; Tom Cole; Chris Collins. 
Doug Collins; Barbara Comstock; Gerald E. 
Connolly; John Conyers; Paul Cook; Jim Costa; Ryan Costello; Joe Courtney; Kevin Cramer; Henry Cuellar; John Culberson; Diana DeGette; John Delaney; Mark DeSaulnier; Scott DesJarlais; Ted Deutch; Debbie Dingell; Bob Dold; Sean Duffy; Jeff Duncan. 
Keith Ellison; Renee Ellmers; Tom Emmer; 
Eliot Engel; Anna Eshoo; Elizabeth H. Esty; Stephen Fincher; Michael Fitzpatrick; Chuck Fleischmann; John Fleming, M.D.; Randy Forbes; Jeff Fortenberry; Bill Foster; Virginia Foxx; Trent Franks; Rodney Frelinghuysen; John Garamendi; Scott Gar-rett; Bob Gibbs; Chris Gibson. 
Bob Goodlatte; Trey Gowdy; Gwen Gra-
ham; Kay Granger; Garret Graves; Tom Graves; Al Green; Morgan Griffith; Glenn Grothman; Frank Guinta; Brett Guthrie; Richard Hanna; Gregg Harper; Alcee Has-tings; Denny Heck; Jaime Herrera Beutler; 
Jody Hice; Brian Higgins; French Hill; Jim Nimes. 
Ruben Hinojosa; George Holding; Mike 
Honda; Richard Hudson; Tim Huelskamp; Jared Huffman; Bill Huizenga; Randy Hultgren; Robert Hurt; Steve Israel; Evan Jenkins; Lynn Jenkins; Eddie Bernice John-son; Bill Johnson; David Jolly; Walter Jones; John Katko; William R. Keating; Mike Kelly; Joe Kennedy. 
Dan Kildee; Derek Kilmer; Ron Kind; Peter 
King; Steve King; Adam Kinzinger; John Kline; Ann McLane Kuster; Raul Labrador; Doug LaMalfa; Leonard Lance; Rick Larsen; John B. Larson; Robert Latta; John Lewis; Ted Lieu; Dan Lipinski; Frank A. LoBiondo; Dave Loebsack; Zoe Lofgren. 
Mia Love; Frank Lucas; Ben Ray Lujan; 
Michelle Lujan Grisham; Cynthia Lummis; Stephen Lynch; Sean Patrick Maloney; Caro-lyn Maloney; Kenny Marchant; Tom Marino; Thomas Massie; Betty McCollum; James P. McGovern; Patrick McHenry; David McKin-ley; Mark Meadows; Patrick Meehan; Luke Messer; John Mica; Jeff Miller. 
Gwen Moore; Mick Mulvaney; Patrick 
Murphy; Grace Napolitano; Dan Newhouse; Kristi Noem; Richard Nolan; Rich Nugent; Pete Olson; Bill Pascrell; Erik Paulsen; Don-ald M. Payne, Jr.; Steve Pearce; Ed Perl-mutter; Chellie Pingree; Robert Pittenger; Mark Pocan; Ted Poe; Bruce Poliquin; Mike Pompeo. 
Bill Posey; David Price; Tom Price, M.D.; 
Charles Rangel; Tom Reed; Dave Reichert; Jim Renacci; Reid Ribble; Kathleen Rice; Tom Rice; Cedric Richmond; Scott Rigell; Martha Roby; Mike Rogers; Harold Rogers; Todd Rokita; Peter Roskam; Dennis Ross; Keith Rothfus; David Rouzer. 
Ed Royce; Bobby Rush; Steve Russell; Tim 
Ryan; Matt Salmon; David Schweikert; David Scott; Bobby Scott; Jim Sensen-brenner; Pete Sessions; Terri Sewell; Brad Sherman; Bill Shuster; Mike Simpson; Kyrsten Sinema; Albio Sires; Louise Slaugh-ter; Jason Smith; Adrian Smith; Chris Smith. 
Jackie Speier; Steve Stivers; Marlin 
Stutzman; Mark Takano; Mike Thompson; Glenn ‘GT’ Thompson; Pat Tiberi; Dina Titus; Paul Tonko; David Trott; Michael Turner; Fred Upton; Chris Van Hollen; Juan Vargas; Filemon Vela; Ann Wagner; Tim Walberg; Mark Walker. 
Jackie Walorski; Maxine Waters; Randy 
Weber; Daniel Webster; Peter Welch; Brad Wenstrup; Bruce Westerman; Lynn West-moreland; Ed Whitfield; Roger Williams; Joe Wilson; Robert J. Wittman; Rob Woodall; John Yarmuth; David Young; Todd Young. 
Mr. STIVERS. Yet here we are today, 
just a couple of months later, and some of my friends on the other side of the aisle are going to argue that we shouldn’t institute that very same hold harmless period by passing this bill. As I said, I think they agree with it. There may be other things in the bill that we can talk about that they have a prob-lem with, but we all need to pass this bill, because we have to have a hold harmless period to make sure that peo-ple that want to close and buy a house and people that want to provide them that service can do so as we implement this new regulation. 
Almost half the Democrats on the Fi-
nancial Services panel agree that this hold harmless provision should be in place. The vote on the Financial Serv-ices Committee was 45–13. 
Mr. Speaker, just last week, the Fi-
nancial Services Committee held a hearing entitled, ‘‘The Semi-Annual 
Report of the Bureau of Consumer Fi-nancial Protection,’’ at which Director Cordray testified and fielded several questions about these new rules. When asked by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR) whether he would imple-
ment a grace period that would allow folks to find their way through this— Realtors and title agents—so they could count on not being the focus of enforcement, Director Cordray re-sponded: 
‘‘Look, I don’t think it is appropriate 
for me to say I won’t enforce the law when my job is to enforce the law, but I think what I have said says to them that we are going to be diagnostic and corrective, not punitive, in that early period. I think if they read between the lines, they will understand that we are trying to allow them the latitude that they have asked for. And I think people should be able to take ‘yes’ for an an-swer.’’ 
The problem is that is not ‘‘yes’’ for 
an answer, it is unclear, and that is why this bill is so important—because it is clear. This will make sure that we provide an implementation period that allows a hold harmless period for in-dustry participants. 
Just 2 days later, in fact, in a letter 
sent by some industry groups asking for this same request of a hold harm-less period, Director Cordray refused to say he would institute a hold harmless period. So even though what he said to the committee sounded like he is going to try to do it, he said to them that he would not be able to institute a hold harmless period. 
I think there are clearly some incon-
sistencies there that mean that we need to pass this bill. This bill will en-sure we hold harmless almost every-body who does this instead of doing it with a wink and a nod. 
b1245 
Sixty percent of the House, I believe, 
is supportive, and we will see. Obvi-ously, we have a vote to take on this. But we signed a letter that asked for this. So I believe that you will see a pretty good bipartisan vote today. 
This massive regulatory undertaking 
needs to be implemented in a thought-ful way. That is all this two-page bill does, is create a safe harbor for en-forcement until February 1 of 2016. 
It also includes a good faith excep-
tion to ensure that, if somebody acts in good faith, they also will not be subject to legal action, just like they won’t be subject to enforcement action. 
And let me be clear. That only ap-
plies to somebody that acts in good faith. The courts have dealt with good faith exceptions on many other issues. It is clear that the courts understand what good faith is, and that will be liti-gated case by case, whether somebody was acting in good faith. 
If they were acting in good faith, 
there won’t be any legal action. If they weren’t acting in good faith, there will still be the right of private action. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07OC7.018 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6850 October 7, 2015 
You will hear that from my col-
leagues on the other side of the aisle, that this somehow relieves the right of private action. It does not. It just en-sures that there is a good faith excep-tion. 
If somebody was just trying to do ev-
erything right, but missed a comma or a period or accidentally did something in trying to comply, then they will have that defense in court and be able to ask the case to be withdrawn. 
This hold harmless provision ensures 
that borrowers and lenders and realty agents and others won’t be forced to delay closings as they figure out how to deal with almost a 1,900-page rule. 
I look forward to debating this bill 
with my colleagues on the other side. 
I urge support of the rule and the un-
derlying legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. S
TIVERS ) for yielding me the cus-
tomary 30 minutes. 
(Mr. M CGOVERN asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
in very, very strong opposition to this closed rule which provides for the con-sideration of H.R. 3192, the so-called Homebuyers Assistance Act. 
Today’s rule marks the 42nd closed 
rule we have considered during the 114th Congress, the 42nd. More than half of all the rules we have reported out of the Rules Committee have been closed, completely closed, and a major-ity of the bills the Rules Committee has sent to the floor have drawn a veto threat. This bill is no exception. 
I will insert into the R
ECORD the 
Statement of Administration Policy saying: ‘‘If the President were pre-sented with H.R. 3192, his senior advi-sors would recommend that he veto this bill.’’ 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESI-
DENT , O FFICE OF MANAGEMENT  
ANDBUDGET , 
Washington, DC, October 6, 2015. 
STATEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION POLICY  
H.R. 3192—HOMEBUYERS ASSISTANCE ACT  
(Rep. Hill, R–AR, and one cosponsor) 
Americans deserve clear and easy to under-
stand disclosures of the cost of buying and fi-nancing a home, which is why the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act directed the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau (CFPB) to streamline conflicting disclosures that were required under the Truth in Lending Act and the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act. The Know Before You Owe regulation issued by the CFPB almost two years ago fulfills this mandate by requiring mortgage lenders and settlement agents to provide home-buyers with simpler forms that explain the true cost of buying their home at least three days before closing. This summer, the CFPB extended the effective date for these require-ments by two months, to last Saturday, Oc-tober 3, 2015, to provide for a smooth transi-tion and avoid unnecessary disruptions to busy families seeking to close on a new home at the beginning of the school year. H.R. 3192 would revise the effective date for 
the Know Before You Owe rule to February 1, 2016, and would shield lenders from liability for violations for loans originated before February 1 so long as lenders made a good faith effort to comply. 
The CFPB has already clearly stated that 
initial examinations will evaluate good faith efforts by lenders. The Administration strongly opposes H.R. 3192, as it would un-necessarily delay implementation of impor-tant consumer protections designed to eradi-
cate opaque lending practices that con-tribute to risky mortgages, hurt home-owners by removing the private right of ac-tion for violations, and undercut the Na-tion’s financial stability. 
If the President were presented with H.R. 
3192, his senior advisors would recommend that he veto the bill. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. When the Repub-
licans took the majority in 2011, Speaker B
OEHNER and the entire Re-
publican leadership promised the Democrats a right to ‘‘a robust debate in open process.’’ He promised us the opportunity to ‘‘make our case, offer alternatives, and be heard.’’ 
Instead, the Speaker has presided 
over the most closed Congress in the history of the United States of Amer-ica, and Democratic alternatives are often prevented from coming to the floor. 
By the way, not only are Democratic 
alternatives prevented from coming to the floor, Republicans can’t even bring amendments to this bill because it is totally closed. 
Now, I know my friends on the other 
side of the aisle are meeting as a con-ference tomorrow to choose a nominee to become the next Speaker and have other leadership battles ahead. 
I hope that they are able to have an 
honest discussion about the ability to work through regular order and an open process that allows the House of Representatives to work its will and for both parties to be heard. 
Now, maybe my friend from Ohio can 
help me understand why an amend-ment offered by the ranking member of the committee of jurisdiction, Ms. W
ATERS , an amendment that would 
protect consumers, was not made in order. 
I mean, we would have preferred an 
open rule. We would have preferred that many amendments would be made in order. But the ranking member of the committee of jurisdiction had an amendment that is germane to this bill, and it wasn’t made in order. 
I don’t quite understand it. One 
amendment, just one. Maybe it was an oversight. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent that we amend this rule and that the Waters amendment be allowed so that we can debate it. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the 
gentleman from Ohio yield for the unanimous consent request? 
Mr. STIVERS. I do not. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman does not yield. Therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Just one amend-
ment. That is it. Just one. I am not asking for two. I am just asking for 
one. 
Mr. STIVERS. Will the gentleman 
yield me time to respond to his ques-tion? 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Ohio. 
Mr. STIVERS. I thank the gen-
tleman. 
I happen to serve on the Financial 
Services Committee with the ranking member, and that idea was not offered in the committee. So it was a new idea. 
I will tell you that it sort of conflicts 
with the good faith exception because what her amendment said was that nothing would get in the way of some-body’s private right of action. 
The whole point of the good faith ex-
ception in the bill is to ensure that ju-dicial proceedings happen the same way as administrative proceedings. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Reclaiming my 
time, so the excuse is that this was not made in order because the ranking member did not offer this in com-mittee. 
Who cares? We have a debate on the 
House floor. This is supposed to be a deliberative body. We are supposed to be able to debate these things. 
The gentleman did not say it was not 
germane. The gentleman did not say it needed special waivers to be made in order. 
He just said: Hey, she didn’t bring it 
up in the full committee. So we decided in the Rules Committee to say no, you don’t have the right to be able to offer this and debate it. 
Please. I mean, come on. This place 
is becoming a place where serious issues are not even allowed to have a debate. I am not even asking you to vote for it. I am just saying to allow there to be some debate. 
When I travel to my district, Mr. 
Speaker, I hear from constituents who are fed up with this Congress. They are fed up with the process. They always want to know: Why can’t you at least debate important issues that are rel-evant to our lives? 
It is hard to explain that the Repub-
licans just want to shut everything out, and this bill is no exception. 
I talk to people who think this place 
is no longer a serious legislative body, and they have a point because we don’t really debate serious things anymore. 
We have things like this Benghazi 
commission that has cost the tax-payers millions of dollars, that the Re-publican majority leader admitted, on a very conservative TV station, that it was nothing but a political ploy to try to get Hillary Clinton’s poll numbers down. 
I guess it didn’t come as any surprise 
to me. It came as a surprise that he was so candid in his admission of what this was all about. 
There is time to debate a special se-
lect committee to yet do another in-vestigation of Planned Parenthood. We don’t even know how much that is going to cost because, when it was brought before the Rules Committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.020 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6851 October 7, 2015 
last night, there was no amount of 
money that was provided or told they would need. 
So that will be millions and millions 
of more dollars that the taxpayers will have to come up with in order to fund another political witch hunt. 
There is time for these political ma-
neuvers, but there is no time for seri-ous debate on serious issues? It is just wrong. 
We are not focusing on priorities that 
matter to people. My constituents want to know what we are doing to make college more affordable. Are we doing anything to help create jobs, to create economic opportunity? 
But we are not working on these pri-
orities. We have become kind of an arm of the Republican Congressional Cam-paign Committee, where everything is politically charged, everything has to be a wedge issue. 
Here we are today bringing to the 
floor legislation that is going nowhere, bills that will likely not be taken up by the Senate and, as I mentioned, will be vetoed by the President of the United States. So this is business as usual. 
The Dodd-Frank financial reform law 
required the CFPB to combine the dis-closure forms required under the Truth in Lending Act and the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act into a sin-gle unified form. 
On October 3 of this year, the final 
TILA-RESPA rule took effect, giving consumers a clearer understanding of the costs of buying and financing a home. 
The underlying bill establishes a hold 
harmless period through February 1, 2016, where lenders would not be liable for violations of the rule requirements so long as they made a good faith effort to comply. 
But the Federal Financial Institu-
tions Examination Council, comprised of the prudential regulators, has al-ready agreed to restrained supervisory authority during the initial implemen-tation of the rule, and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has im-plemented a restrained enforcement period. 
So what are we doing here, Mr. 
Speaker? 
Throughout this process, CFPB has 
demonstrated its desire to get this rule right. They have worked with us. They have responded to the letters that we have signed. They have listened. They do what we want them to do. 
The Bureau has engaged with indus-
try to ensure smooth implementation of the rule and has been responsive to the concerns addressed by stakeholders and all of us. 
In fact, last May, as the gentleman 
pointed out, 250 Members of Congress joined together on a bipartisan basis to urge the CFPB to announce and imple-ment a grace period for those seeking to comply in good faith from August 1 to the end of 2015. 
If the regulators have promised to 
carefully consider an entity’s good faith efforts to comply with the new rule while monitoring for compliance, 
why do we need a legislative fix? Why do we need to micromanage the CFPB? 
But, to be honest with you, this bill— 
and this is where the problem is—it goes beyond more than redundancy. If my colleagues have nothing better to do but pass things that are basically redundant, I can go along with that. But this goes beyond redundancy. 
Unfortunately, this bill goes beyond 
simply providing good faith actors a grace period. This bill also strips bor-rowers of the opportunity to seek legal recourse under the Truth in Lending Act during this period. It would shift to the consumer the burden of proving a lender acted in bad faith and prevent consumers from even having the oppor-tunity to have their day in court. 
So let me be clear, Mr. Speaker. We 
support a grace period for lenders act-ing in good faith. And if that is what this was all about, you could have brought this up under suspension and it would have just sailed through. 
Director Cordray of the CFPB also 
supports a grace period and has agreed to one. The regulators have responded to requests from industry and have outlined their policy for examination and supervision during this transition period. 
But I am very concerned with the 
road that we are traveling down. Home buyers should have access to the courts if a lender acts in bad faith. I can’t un-derstand why my friends on the other side of the aisle are so intent on taking this critical consumer protection away. 
Now, as I mentioned earlier, my 
friend, the ranking member of the com-mittee of jurisdiction, M
AXINE WATERS , 
offered an amendment last night in the Rules Committee to improve this bill, to restore the private right of action under the Truth in Lending Act that is suspended by H.R. 3192. 
Now, if my colleagues on the other 
side of the aisle don’t think that her amendment has merit, they could de-bate that and they could vote against it. Instead, what they have done is brought a rule to the floor that pro-hibits Ranking Member W
ATERS from 
even offering that amendment. 
It is germane. It is relevant. It is a 
serious concern for those of us who care about consumers. But we don’t have that opportunity. We don’t have that opportunity. Totally closed rules. Totally closed process. 
So the Republicans have prevented 
that important amendment from reaching the floor, and we are not going to have an opportunity to debate that today. 
So I would urge my colleagues to join 
me in voting ‘‘no’’ on this rule and ‘‘no’’ on the underlying legislation. 
I would especially make an appeal to 
some of my Republican friends on the basis of process. I know a lot of my Re-publican friends are getting sick and tired of this kind of heavy-handed ap-proach to important bills when the Rules Committee just shuts everybody out. If you want that to stop, then we need more votes with us opposing these 
closed rules. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
To the gentleman from Massachu-
setts’ remarks, Mr. Speaker, I agree with him that we should have more time to debate serious issues. In fact, this bill should have been on the sus-pension calendar, but the ranking member of the Financial Services Com-mittee refused to sign off on putting it on the suspension calendar. If it would have been on the suspension calendar, we would have had more time to dis-cuss and debate other issues. 
I would like to read from the bill, 
since we deemed the bill read, and I will start in the middle of line 9. 
‘‘Regulations issued under such sec-
tions may not be enforced against any person until February 1, 2016, and no suit may be filed against any person for a violation of such requirements oc-curring before such a date, so long’’— this is the key part—‘‘so long as such person has made a good faith effort to comply with the requirements.’’ 
So the arguments that the gentleman 
from Massachusetts just made about somebody deeming in bad faith, they would not be covered by that part of the bill. It is black and white. It is really clear. 
And I am curious if the gentleman 
from Massachusetts would enter into a colloquy with me. 
b1300 
Mr. Speaker, I would ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to enter into a colloquy with me because I have a question. 
If the CFPB did indeed institute a 
grace period for individuals, yet those same individuals chose to file suit without the language on a grace period for lawsuits with good faith compli-ance, would there indeed be a grace pe-riod at all? 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. STIVERS. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Yes. 
Mr. STIVERS. Reclaiming my time, 
no, there would not, because if they can file lawsuits that the law—we haven’t changed the law. In fact, all we have added is a good faith exception that allows somebody to defend them-selves and get a lawsuit dropped. So there is nothing in this bill that would protect anybody that acts in bad faith. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. This bill shifts to 
the consumer the burden of proving a creditor acted in bad faith, and that puts more of the burden on the con-sumer. If that is what the gentleman wants to do, fine. We have a disagree-ment. We want the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) to be 
able to have her amendment so we can debate that issue. 
Mr. STIVERS. I would disagree with 
you. It does not shift the burden. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.022 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6852 October 7, 2015 
individual has to have the burden of 
proof that they acted in good faith. It does not say anything about the con-sumer showing somebody acting in bad faith. The individuals defending them-selves have to prove to the court that they acted in good faith. There is no shift of the burden here. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. The burden is on 
the consumer here. 
If we have a disagreement here, let’s 
have an amendment; let’s have that de-bate, and let’s vote on it. That is all I am asking. 
We disagree. I think I am right, and 
I think you are wrong, but let’s have that debate. 
Mr. STIVERS. The problem with the 
amendment was it would have con-flicted with that good faith language. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Then vote against 
it. 
Mr. STIVERS. And somebody could 
have pointed to that section and said: See, nothing can take away my right to sue. This good faith exception takes away my right to sue. Even though they acted in good faith, that denies me a right. So it was conflicting lan-guage. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. I disagree with your 
analysis, but we should have a debate on the amendment. 
What is wrong with bringing this 
amendment up and debating it? That was the question. 
Mr. STIVERS. I hear your point 
there, but I can tell you that if we would have debated the amendment, I believe that it would have been de-feated. 
Frankly, the problem with it was, if 
it would have been narrowly crafted to keep the good faith exception, I would have been okay with it. 
I do believe that we should be debat-
ing serious issues. I do believe that the private right of action is kept in tact. 
There is only a good faith exception. 
And the burden is on the individual who the lawsuit will be brought against to prove that they acted in good faith. That is how it works. 
Nobody is going to have to prove that 
they acted in bad faith. They are going to have to prove they acted in good faith. Nobody is going to give them a wink and a nod and the benefit of the doubt. The individuals who are being sued will have to prove that they acted in good faith. 
And you made the regulatory accom-
modations for a grace period but not the accommodations in the legal sys-tem; there is no grace period at all. It just takes away the entire grace pe-riod, because anybody that wants to sue just goes ahead and sues. It doesn’t matter that there is a grace period ad-ministratively; there is a grace period in the law. That is why the good faith exception is so important. 
I wanted to address those issues. I reserve the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair reminds Members to be more or-derly in the process of yielding and re-claiming time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Again, we have some serious dis-
agreements with the gentleman over how this bill, in our opinion, adversely impacts consumers. This good faith ex-ception is not in the current law as it stands. This is new ground that this bill is moving us toward, and there are some real serious concerns for con-sumers. 
All we are saying is, again, our pri-
ority is the consumers. If that is not the priority of my Republican friends, fine; you can defend the language that you put into this bill. But there is con-troversy over this, and we ought to be able to debate it. To simply say, you know, ‘‘Oh, if we made it in order, it would fail anyway,’’ is that going to be the new kind of standard for making amendments in order, that we are only going to allow amendments to come to the floor that we absolutely know will pass? Boy, that is a whole new standard that the Rules Committee and the Re-publican majority are now going to try to enforce. 
Again, one amendment, one by the 
ranking member of the committee of jurisdiction—one. That is it, one. Give her 10 minutes. 
I mean, I don’t get why this had to be 
completely closed. But in any event, you are in charge. You can do whatever you want. And this place is being run under the strictest, most closed proc-ess, as I mentioned before, in the his-tory of the United States of America. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the 
gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ), the distinguished 
ranking member of the Committee on Financial Services, whose amendment was germane and was deliberately not made in order by the Republicans on the Rules Committee last night. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), a member of the Rules 
Committee, for the defense that he is putting up relative to my amendment. 
Yes, I went to the Rules Committee, 
and, yes, I attempted to have an amendment that would protect our consumers. So it is clear that the oppo-site side of the aisle did not want the public to know about this amendment. 
Why didn’t they want this amend-
ment debated? It is because they know that our consumers need to have the kind of protection that would allow them to go into court and raise ques-tions about whether or not they are being defrauded, they are being misled, they are not being told the truth when they close on these mortgage deals. 
Because the Rules Committee de-
cided that we could not have a debate on my amendment, we have to take every opportunity to try to unveil why they are keeping this amendment down, why they don’t want to debate it. As a matter of fact, I am so sur-prised that my colleague on the oppo-site side of the aisle tried to make this sound as if the Democrats didn’t want a grace period, that we didn’t want a 
hold harmless period. That is abso-lutely not true. 
We agreed with Mr. Cordray, who 
heads the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau, that there should be a grace period. We understood when the industry talked about the fact that they had a lot of work to do to make sure that they got the right forms, that they trained their people, that they came in compliance with the new rules that were created under Dodd-Frank. So we agreed. 
Okay, Mr. Cordray said, I will not 
implement enforcement. I understand what you are saying. And Democrats agreed. We will set a grace period. It is okay. 
You keep trying to debate this bill 
about the grace period. That is not an issue. That is not an issue at all. We agree to the grace period. Go, do your work; get your papers all worked out; get your staff all trained. But that is not what this issue is about. 
This issue is about, where do you 
stand with consumers? Are you willing to say to consumers that if, in fact, you believe that you have been harmed in this closing, that all of a sudden the estimated costs are highly different, they are so different from what the final costs are—if you want to say to the consumer you don’t have a right to go into court and raise that question, then you are against the consumers. The consumers should have a right to have their day in court despite the grace period. 
The grace period should not be a pe-
riod where you simply are getting your papers in order and you are training your staff. It should be a period where you still have a guarantee that you are not going to be tricked at closing time, that you are not going to be misled, that you are not going to be under-mined in any way. 
If you want this to be a grace period 
where folks can say, ‘‘Ah, I have an op-portunity now,’’ the lender can say, ‘‘I have an opportunity to get a little more money out of this deal,’’ and then you would say if they misled the con-sumer that the consumer does not have a right at all to raise a question about it, I don’t think so. So we on this side of the aisle, we stand with consumers. 
When consumers decide to purchase a 
home, it is the biggest purchase of most people’s lives, and they should be afforded the broadest recourse avail-able under the law. 
Many errors can occur in this com-
plicated process, some made in good faith, some that are not. For example, 
a lender might fail to properly disclose key loan terms, such as annual interest rates, finance charges, and other crit-ical information associated with pur-chasing a home. If a borrower feels that they have been harmed, they should have an opportunity to have their day in court without limitation. 
I fully support the Consumer Finan-
cial Protection Bureau’s announce-ment that it would engage in re-strained enforcement actions against 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.024 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6853 October 7, 2015 
lenders under their new mortgage dis-
closure rules. The Bureau made similar assurances in response to the mortgage underwriting and servicing rules that went into effect last year. And I fully expect the Bureau to do the same with these new disclosure rules that they have always done, to be responsive to Congress, industry, and other relevant stakeholders, and to make thoughtful decisions on the best way to proceed in protecting consumers. I have no reason to believe that they will not be as thoughtful in their approach to the new mortgage disclosures as they were with the mortgage underwriting and servicing rules. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. I yield the gentle-
woman an additional 2 minutes. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
While I also support the provisions of H.R. 3192 that are consistent with the CFPB’s action to date, my support ends when the vital consumer protec-tions, like the private right of action afforded to consumers under the Truth in Lending Act, are weakened or, worse, completely eliminated. 
Under current law, consumers that 
feel that a lender provided an inac-curate or misleading mortgage disclo-sure can file suit under the Truth in Lending Act, and lenders are forced to prove that the disclosures they pro-vided were consistent with the act. The burden of proof is properly placed with the lenders, as they have the resources to prove their good faith intent, and consumers often have limited informa-tion at the time they file suit. H.R. 3192, however, would shield the lenders from liability if an error was com-mitted in good faith even if a consumer relied on this information to their det-riment. 
The act or the effect of the good faith 
provision is that it requires that con-sumers prove from the onset of an ac-tion filed against a lender that an error was not made in good faith, a burden of proof that a borrower simply lacks the means to make. As a result, the good faith requirement in H.R. 3192 operates as yet another hurdle for consumers and is a harmful departure from cur-rent law. 
So I offered the amendment. And the 
gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) is correct. Why couldn’t we 
have a debate on it? It is a very simple amendment. 
This would help provide clarity to 
the marketplace while also protecting consumers. The amendment would sim-ply restore a consumer’s existing rights under TILA to bring an action during the temporary safe harbor pe-riod established by H.R. 3192 even if the action was filed in response to an error made by a lender in good faith. 
Let me just say, whose side are you 
on? Are you on the side of consumers who expect you to protect them? 
We have gone through a crisis in this 
country. We had a subprime meltdown. We discovered that consumers had been tricked. People buying homes had been 
misled. We discovered that they had loans that, well, they didn’t even un-derstand. We don’t want to go back there. We want to protect consumers, and we have a right to do that. This amendment would have helped clarify that. You did not afford us that. 
Mr. STIVERS. I yield myself such 
time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, there are a couple of 
things I want to make clear. 
Earlier in my remarks, I acknowl-
edged that the other side of the aisle agrees with us on an administrative grace period. The problem is, if they don’t agree to both an administrative grace period and a grace period with re-gard to lawsuits for people acting in good faith—the key words here are ‘‘good faith’’—then there is no grace period because people will just choose to go sue during the grace period, and there will be no grace period. 
It was good to hear the gentlewoman 
from California acknowledge that this is only a temporary good faith excep-tion. It only lasts until February 1, 2016. It is just like the administrative grace period, and it only protects peo-ple in good faith. 
Mr. Speaker, I will just ask the gen-
tlewoman from California whether she believes somebody can act in good faith and also deceive and mislead at the same time, because her remarks imply that you can act in good faith while misleading and deceiving people. 
b1315 
I am not an attorney, but I would 
argue that good faith is really clear, and you are not acting in good faith when you deceive and mislead. Again, this bill should have been on the sus-pension calendar. 
We shouldn’t even have to be wasting 
time—valuable time—that we should be dealing with really important issues, as the gentleman from Massa-chusetts acknowledged earlier. But I did want to correct the R
ECORD on a 
few of those things. 
Mr. Speaker, I think the key dif-
ference we have here is about whether good faith means anything. I would argue that the courts have found good faith means something. Every Amer-ican knows what good faith is. This does not shift the burden. Those people being sued have to prove they acted in good faith. 
So I think this is a really clear bill 
that provides a grace period for a lim-ited amount of time, through February 1, 2016. But you have to provide both an administrative grace period and a grace period in the courts or there is no grace period at all. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the 
gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR), 
a distinguished member of the Finan-cial Services Committee. 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I applaud 
and thank my colleague from Ohio and my colleague from Arkansas for their leadership on this issue. 
On May 22, I sent a bipartisan letter 
with my colleague, Congresswoman M
ALONEY , to CFPB Director Richard 
Cordray requesting a grace period for compliance with the TILA-RESPA In-tegrated Disclosure rule, or TRID. The letter was signed by 254 Members of Congress. Of those, 92 were Democrats. 
TRID is a complex rule and compli-
ance term requiring new, untested soft-ware to harmonize data from realtors, mortgage brokers, lenders, land title agents, and others involved in the clos-ing process. All that our letter re-quested was a grace period for those making good faith efforts to comply with the rule. No delay in the rule, no reproposal, just a grace period. 
We have listened to our constituents, 
and what they tell us is that innocent mistakes are inevitable as the disclo-sure software is tested in the real world for the first time. In fact, CFPB cited a mistake as the reason to delay implementation of the rule from Au-gust 1 until this past Saturday, Octo-ber 3. 
However, that delay and promises of 
sensitive enforcement do nothing to provide certainty that honest mistakes during the early days of TRID, when these untested systems are used in real transactions, will not be punished with fines and lawsuits. If the Bureau is al-lowed to make mistakes, then our con-stituents should also be allowed to make innocent mistakes without pen-alty for a brief period of time to estab-lish the systems necessary to reliably comply. 
The Bureau, however, has proven un-
willing to act. So today we consider a bill that implements the grace period requested in that letter. The Home-buyers Assistance Act simply provides a grace period until February 1, 2016, to ensure that home buyers and sellers can be assured their transaction will not be delayed and industry partici-pants won’t need to fear enforcement actions or frivolous lawsuits over data issues or typos. 
It is what 92 of our Democratic col-
leagues requested just 5 months ago. But today, faced with a legislative so-lution to the problem, our colleagues are balking. The President has issued a veto threat. Leader P
ELOSI is whipping 
her members against the bill. 
This is quite baffling. It seems to me 
that the interests of trial lawyers are trumping those of consumers trying to buy or sell their homes. Make no mis-take. Allowing immediate legal liabil-ity under TRID only benefits litigious attorneys and overzealous bureaucrats. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of 
the rule and the underlying bill and hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will do the same. 
In closing, let me just address the re-
sponse that we should be on the side of consumers. That is absolutely correct. We should be on the side of consumers. What my constituents tell me back home is that, unfortunately, this new regulation doesn’t make home buying simpler. 
In fact, the number of pages are the 
same. Look at the regulation. Is this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.025 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6854 October 7, 2015 
pro-consumer? This is the regulation 
from Washington. This is complex. This is not simplification for con-sumers. This makes the home buying process more difficult. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
the gentleman an additional 2 minutes. 
Mr. BARR. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, this makes the home 
buying process more difficult for con-sumers. But at the end of the day, even if we are going to go forward with this new, complicated regulation, 1,800 pages or so, at least—at least—give the participants—the closing attorneys, the title insurance agents, the Real-tors, the advocates for the home buy-ers, and the advocates for the con-sumers—let them have a brief period of time where they can get up to speed with the complexity of this rule so that innocent mistakes are not punished and that home buyers are not punished. 
Let’s set the politics aside on this. 
This is not about Democrat or Repub-lican here. We have got a big bipartisan letter. This is something that protects our constituents. This is what our con-stituents are telling us they need to come into compliance with this new, complex law. 
Isn’t buying and selling a home, isn’t 
moving from home to home, complex enough? Let’s not let the bureaucrats make it even more difficult. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, let me just say to my 
friend, the gentleman from Kentucky, I signed his letter. I agree with him. There should be a grace period. If that is what we were talking about right now, I don’t think there would be much of a debate. We got what we wanted. 
But ‘‘yes’’ is not a good enough an-
swer for some of my friends on the other side of the aisle. So you bring something that might be a redundant bill. But I would be less exercised over voting for a redundant bill if that is all it was. But you expanded it. You added something that wasn’t in the letter. Basically, you added something that we strongly believe jeopardizes con-sumers. 
Now, what makes us even more exer-
cised over here is that the Rules Com-mittee reported out a rule that denied the right of the ranking member of the Financial Services Committee, Ms. W
ATERS of California, to bring an 
amendment to remedy that to the floor—a totally closed rule. 
The one real controversy about what 
we are doing here today is this provi-sion that we think hurts consumers, and we can’t have a vote on it. 
Mr. Speaker, the amendment was 
germane. She is the ranking member. We are only asking for 1 minute. We are not doing anything else here of any consequence. We are not trying to fig-ure out our long-term budget problems. So you could give us another 10 min-utes to debate an amendment, and you have chosen to not do that. I will just say one other thing. Ev-
erybody holds up that prop, the 1,800 pages of regulations. But let’s just help break it down because we are into a lot of props in this place. We ought to also understand what the facts are. 
First, the 1,800 pages are contained in 
the double-spaced document. The text in the Federal Register is actually not 1,800 pages, but 634 pages, roughly one- third of that. The rule itself, the regu-latory text, is only 26 pages—only 26 pages. 
Mr. Speaker, 171 pages are sample 
and model forms which my friends on the other side of the aisle say we want the agency to help provide industry with concrete guidance. So there are 171 pages of sample and model forms in there. We have further breakdown here if my friends are interested. 
Let’s be clear. None of us here object. 
In fact, we all support the grace period. That is not what is contentious about this debate. 
It is this anti-consumer provision 
that has been inserted in this bill by my Republican friends that have us concerned. At a minimum, the Rules Committee ought to have allowed for there to be a debate where that could be voted up or down. If my friends don’t like it, they can vote ‘‘no.’’ 
Instead, we hear excuses, Oh, no, it 
wasn’t offered in the full committee, as if that somehow is a reason to deny a Member the right to offer an amend-ment to the floor; Oh, we can’t make it in order because, oh, it won’t pass any-way, a new standard now by the Rules Committee in terms of what will be made in order. 
Just give us the amendment. Let’s 
have a real debate. Let’s actually be deliberative for a change here. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. STIVERS. Will the gentleman 
from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) 
yield for the purpose of a colloquy? 
Mr. M CGOVERN. I am happy to yield 
to the gentleman from Ohio. 
Mr. STIVERS. I am curious if you 
are arguing—because it sounds to me like the gentleman from Massachusetts is arguing that we only want to give people protections from administrative actions; we don’t want to give them equal protection in the courts that they are getting from administrative regulations when they are acting in good faith. 
Is that what you are arguing? Mr. M
CGOVERN. What I am argu-
ing—— 
Mr. STIVERS. If they are acting in 
good faith, they should still be allowed to be sued and they should still have all the penalties for a wrong comma—— 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. What I am argu-
ing—— 
Mr. STIVERS.—even if they are act-
ing in good faith? I will yield the gen-tleman some time in a second. 
But is that what you are arguing? If 
there is a comma misplaced or they ac-cidentally tried to comply, but in good faith made an accident, you think they 
should suffer all the slings and arrows in court, even though they wouldn’t suffer any slings and arrows from regu-lators? 
I yield such time as he may consume 
to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) to answer that ques-
tion. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. What I have argued 
is that the burden shouldn’t be on the consumer. Your legislation adds a whole new dimension to this debate that, quite frankly, has us concerned. At a minimum, it deserves a debate on this floor. 
This is the rule. We are debating how 
we are going to debate the underlying legislation. I have not yet heard one reason why we can’t have an amend-ment to try to correct what we think is an injustice and a potential harmful impact on our consumers. 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I didn’t 
hear an answer there. But the point is people deserve equal protection during a grace period in the courts if they acted in good faith. The key here is good faith. It is written right into the bill. 
They deserve the same protections in 
court if they act in good faith that they deserve from administrative ac-tion from the regulators. They deserve the same help and remediation to get their deficits corrected as opposed to punitive action. 
The problem is, without that provi-
sion—and let me add this is a tem-porary provision until February 1, 2016. The good faith protections don’t even last past February 1. It is the same protection for the same time period in the courts as from administrative ac-tion. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR). 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
gentleman. 
Mr. Speaker, just briefly in response 
to my colleague from Massachusetts and the analysis that this 1,800-page regulation is just a prop and he blames about 171 pages on explanations and guidance and suggests that, well, that is a good thing, we want explanations and guidance from the bureaucrats to explain how this works, let me tell you what my constituents back in Ken-tucky are telling me what happens in the real world. 
In the real world, how closing attor-
neys—this is a closing attorney in Ken-tucky who says this interprets this stack of paper, and he says, ‘‘I am going to have to do two closings, a TRID-compliant closing and then an-other closing that actually informs my client what is going on in the trans-action.’’ 
Now, is that simplifying things for 
consumers? Does that make things easier for a home buyer and a home seller to have two closings, one that is TRID-compliant, compliant with the bureaucracy, and one that actually helps the home buyer with a HUD set-tlement statement? I don’t think so. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.027 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6855 October 7, 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
the gentleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
gentleman. 
Mr. Speaker, the point here is that 
we should be making things easier. If it is so doggone complicated that you have to have two closings, at least give us 6 months to figure this thing out, 6 months of a grace period for good faith efforts to come into compliance where innocent mistakes happen. 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I would 
request how much time each side has remaining. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Ohio has 6 minutes re-maining. The gentleman from Massa-chusetts has 6
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I con-
tinue to reserve the balance of my time, and I would inform my colleague I am prepared to close. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, let me 
again say we have no objection to a grace period. In fact, we support it. I signed the gentleman from Kentucky’s letter. That is not the controversy here. It is what we think is language that could do potential harm to con-sumers. 
Let me just say to the gentleman, in 
the real world, we have seen consumers get a raw deal time and time again, in large part because of the lack of over-sight and the lack of defense they get in this Chamber. 
So, yes, we are standing up for con-
sumers because we don’t want to see them continue to get a raw deal. That is what we are concerned about. 
If you want to disagree with me on 
that, fine. But that is no reason to not allow there to be a debate on an amendment that is germane to this bill that would correct what we think is a flaw in this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS .) 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS from Cali-
fornia. Mr. Speaker and Members, we have to keep saying over and over again that this is not about the grace period. They keep arguing that some-how they favor a grace period, and we do not. 
We have made it clear that is not 
what the debate is about. We support a grace period. Not only that, Mr. Cordray at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau supports a grace pe-riod. That is not the argument here. 
The argument is what you don’t want 
to talk about, my amendment that I attempted. You came to this floor with a closed rule to keep us from talking about an amendment that would pro-tect the consumers. My amendment would allow that consumers have a right to have their day in court. 
When you talk about good faith and 
the way that this bill is written, of course. In my opinion, when a con-sumer in this grace period takes a look at the documents and if it is simply a comma, as one has indicated, well, that 
could be a mistake in good faith, and the lender will be okay. 
b1330 
But when the interest rates change, 
when there are more fees than were an-ticipated, when the cost of that mort-gage goes up and the consumer says, ‘‘Hey, this is not what I really in-tended. This is not what I agreed to,’’ and the lender says, ‘‘Sorry, that is it. That is what you signed up for,’’ then the consumer has a right to go to court. And even though you would place the responsibility on the con-sumer to have to prove that the lender did not act in good faith, different from what the law is now, that consumer should have the right to go to court and make his or her case. 
That is what this amendment is all 
about, and you know it. It is not about bringing your props in trying to say this is the bill. That is not the bill. You have all of the comments and ev-erything else that is associated with the bill. So let’s get some truth out here and have people understand what the amendment is and not just props showing that you have thousands of pages of a bill. 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, how 
much time do I have remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts has 31⁄2 
minutes remaining. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the remainder of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, I insert into the R ECORD  
a letter signed by a number of civil rights organizations, all opposed to this bill because of the provision that Ms. W
ATERS and I have been talking 
about now for close to an hour. 
OCTOBER 5, 2015. 
DEARMEMBER OF CONGRESS : We are writing 
to urge you to oppose H.R. 3192, which insu-lates lenders from accountability when they make misleading disclosures to homeowners. The bill, which suspends liability to individ-uals and government for the first four months after the new mortgage disclosure rules take effect, undermines compliance with the new rules by letting lenders off the hook even where homeowners have been harmed. Homeowners who would receive false or misleading mortgage cost disclo-sures during such a period would have no remedy. Moreover, it sets a dangerous prece-dent by suspending liability where legal rules apply. 
The mortgage industry, after having had 
approximately two years to implement the new disclosure requirements, was given an additional reprieve when the effective date was extended to October 3, 2015. Moreover, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has repeatedly demonstrated its responsive-ness to concerns about implementation of this rule and to mortgage rules generally. Director Cordray announced in June that the Bureau would be sensitive to good faith ef-forts to implement the new rule, and re-cently the Bureau and the prudential regu-lators offered greater detail on how initial examinations for compliance with the rule will take into account systems adopted to promote compliance. The Bureau success-fully used a similar approach for implemen-tation of the ability to repay rule and also 
demonstrated its responsiveness to lenders by adjusting the small creditor definition for that rule. 
The time has now come to let the com-
bined TILA/RESPA disclosures take effect. 
The disclosure form will give consumers ex-panded information before making the big-gest purchase of their lives. A carve-out will provide an opportunity for some to evade the rules and will generally inhibit incentives to comply promptly. A rule without enforce-ment is no rule at all. 
H.R. 3192 seeks to establish a ‘‘good faith’’ 
standard for exemption from the rule. How-ever, the CFPB already has the authority to take into account good-faith efforts to com-ply with regulations. In contrast, a home-owner who receives false or misleading dis-closures would face significant hurdles in overcoming a good-faith requirement. Even if a lender acted in good faith, the home-owner would still have agreed to the loan based on incorrect information and would have no recourse. 
It would be dangerous to set a new prece-
dent of suspending private enforcement for violations of a law that is in effect. The abil-ity of consumers to protect themselves is es-sential to the efficacy of legal requirements. An individual homeowner, however, is not in a position to prove whether the lender oper-ated in good faith. While few homeowners ever bring a legal case, those who do gen-erally have faced substantial harm and have a right to redress. 
Lenders are not subject to any liability at 
all under the Real Estate Settlement Proce-dures Act (RESPA) for violations of the dis-closure requirements because the law does not allow for private rights of action for such cases. In addition, the Truth in Lending Act (TILA) already includes provisions pro-tecting creditors from errors made in good faith (such as timing of disclosures). For TILA errors involving numerical disclosures, Congress already has allowed creditors to overstate the actual amount without pen-alty, and the CFPB’s rule for the new disclo-sures permits third party fees to exceed the earlier estimates by up to ten percent. As a result, homeowners who seek redress have received markedly inaccurate disclosures. 
Litigation is a last resort and rarely un-
dertaken. Few consumers seek out attorneys even when they are injured. Moreover, TILA provides for payment of attorney fees only if the lawsuit is successful, so attorneys are re-luctant to take on cases unless violations are clear. 
The incidence of private litigation under 
the Truth in Lending Act is fairly rare, espe-cially in comparison to the volume of mort-gage loans and credit generally outstanding in the United States. Even during a financial crisis that rivaled the Great Depression, only a tiny fraction of mortgage loans became the focus of TILA litigation. 
We urge you to oppose H.R. 3192, which 
would remove key incentives for lenders to comply with the new mortgage disclosures and leave homeowners who have been misled with no recourse. 
Sincerely, 
Americans for Financial Reform California Reinvestment Coalition Connecticut Fair Housing Center Corporation for Enterprise Development 
(CFED) 
Empire Justice Center Homeownership Preservation Foundation Housing and Economic Rights Advocates Local Initiatives Support Corporation NAACP National Association of Consumer Advocates National Consumer Law Center (on behalf of 
its low-income clients) 
National Fair Housing Alliance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.028 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6856 October 7, 2015 
North Carolina Justice Center 
U.S. PIRG Woodstock Institute. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, it is 
clear we have a disagreement here, and it ought to be resolved in an open and fair fashion with a debate and a vote on an amendment. We are not going to have that. 
So I am just going to close by saying 
to my colleagues on both sides of the aisle I have got a radical idea for what I think is the greatest democratic in-stitution in the world, the United States Congress. That radical idea is that we ought to allow a little democ-racy to happen here. We ought to not be afraid of debate. We ought to not be afraid of allowing at least one amend-ment—that is all, one amendment—to come to the floor so that the concerns that we have voiced on our side of the aisle, a worry that consumers will once again become victims and get a raw deal, could be avoided. We ought to have that debate, and we ought to vote up or down on it. 
This grace period is, as I said, sup-
ported by everybody. It is supported by the CFPB. We are all on board on that. That is not the controversy. The con-troversy is this added stuff. And the way the majority has decided to handle this—to shut the whole process down— that is, I think, beneath what this in-stitution should be about. 
So I would urge my colleagues in the 
strongest possible terms to please vote against this rule. Send a message to the leadership here that we need to do this better. We need a better process. This process is lousy, and we all should be fed up with it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to address the 
thing that the gentleman has contin-ued to talk about: good faith. 
Good faith is known in all 50 States. 
It has been enacted in the Uniform Commercial Code. It is kind of inter-preted two ways. 
And, by the way, the defendants are 
the ones who have to prove they acted in good faith, not the litigants, not the people who bring the lawsuit, but the defendants have to meet one of two standards to prove they acted in good faith. 
Number one is a reasonableness 
standard. In general, they relied on something. They were reasonable in their dealings. The plaintiff does not have to prove anything, just the de-fendant. 
The second also uses reasonableness, 
but it is about intent. If they intended to comply with the standard, that is the other thing that the defendant brings forward. 
I want to be clear here. Nothing 
changes the standard for a plaintiff in this. So this whole argument about whether somebody can act in good faith and yet deceive people, any court in the land would say that can’t hap-pen. You can’t deceive somebody and say you acted in good faith. That is not 
good faith. 
So we stand with consumers who 
want to close on their homes for the American Dream in a timely way. We also stand by those who are trying in good faith to comply with 1,886 pages of regulation. It is important to note that this is a temporary standard through February 1, 2016, to give people a grace period from both administrative ac-tions and legal actions. You have to give them a grace period in both cat-egories. 
If you only give an administrative 
grace period, as the other side of the aisle has argued, everyone will simply run to the courts and there is no grace period there for good faith efforts. Good faith is important. It means something. We stand with consumers. We do not stand with trial lawyers. 
This bill allows a transition period to 
occur and ensure that buyers and sell-ers can have closings during that pe-riod, and those that are acting in good faith will be protected from both regu-lation and litigation. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support the rule and the underlying bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time, 
and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
Y
ODER ). The question is on ordering 
the previous question. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
RAISING A QUESTION OF THE 
PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to a question of the privileges of the House and offer the resolution pre-viously noticed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the resolution. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Whereas the attacks in Benghazi, Libya, 
on September 11, 2012, took the lives of U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens, Foreign Service Officer Sean Smith, and former Navy SEALs Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty; 
Whereas the events leading up to and in 
the immediate aftermath of the attacks on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi were right-fully and thoroughly examined to honor the memory of the victims and to improve the safety of the men and women serving our country overseas; 
Whereas the independent Accountability 
Review Board convened by the U.S. State Department investigated the events in Benghazi and found no evidence of deliberate wrongdoing; 
Whereas five committees in the U.S. House 
of Representatives investigated the events in Benghazi and found no evidence of deliberate wrongdoing; 
Whereas four committees in the U.S. Sen-
ate investigated the events in Benghazi and found no evidence of deliberate wrongdoing; Whereas in each fiscal year, more than $4 
billion is appropriated to run the Congress, with untold amounts of this taxpayer money expended by nine Congressional committees to investigate the events in Benghazi, none of which produced any evidence of deliberate wrongdoing; 
Whereas after the exhaustive, thorough, 
and costly investigations by nine Congres-sional committees and the independent Ac-countability Review Board found no evidence of deliberate wrongdoing, Republican leaders in the House insisted on using taxpayer dol-lars to fund a new, duplicative ‘‘Select Com-mittee on the Events Surrounding the 2012 Terrorist Attack in Benghazi,’’ (hereafter the Select Committee) to re-examine the matter; 
Whereas this taxpayer-funded committee 
was given broad powers to pursue its inves-tigations, including an unlimited, taxpayer- funded budget and granting the Chairman the legal authority to subpoena documents and compel testimony without any debate or a vote; 
Whereas the ongoing Republican-led inves-
tigation into the events in Benghazi is now one of the longest running and least produc-tive investigations in Congressional history; 
Whereas a widely-quoted statement made 
on September 29th, 2015 by Representative Kevin McCarthy, the Republican Leader of the House of Representatives, has called into question the integrity of the proceedings of the Select Committee and the House of Rep-resentatives as a whole; 
Whereas this statement by Representative 
McCarthy demonstrates that the Select Committee established by Republican lead-ers in the House of Representatives was cre-ated to influence public opinion of a presi-dential candidate; 
Whereas the Select Committee has been in 
existence for 17 months but has held only three hearings; 
Whereas the Select Committee abandoned 
its plans to obtain public testimony from De-fense Department and Intelligence Commu-nity leaders; 
Whereas the Select Committee excluded 
Democratic Members from interviews of wit-nesses who provided exculpatory information related to its investigation; 
Whereas information obtained by the Se-
lect Committee has been selectively and in-accurately leaked to influence the electoral standing of a candidate for public office; 
Whereas such actions represent an abuse of 
power that demonstrates the partisan nature of the Select Committee; 
Whereas the Select Committee has spent 
more than $4.5 million in taxpayer funds to date to advance its partisan efforts; 
Whereas this amount does not include the 
costs of the independent Accountability Re-view Board; the hearings and reports by nine Congressional committees; the time, money, and resources consumed by Federal agencies to comply with Select Committee requests; or the opportunity cost of not spending this money elsewhere, such as improving security for our diplomatic officers abroad; 
Whereas it is an outrage that more than 
$4.5 million in taxpayer funds have been used by Republicans in the House of Representa-tives, not to run the government, but to interfere inappropriately with an election for president of the United States; 
Whereas the use of taxpayer dollars by the 
House of Representatives for campaign pur-poses is a violation of the Rules of the House and Federal law; 
Resolved, That: 
1) this misuse of the official resources of 
the House of Representatives for political purposes undermines the integrity of the proceedings of the House and brings discredit to the House; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07OC7.015 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6857 October 7, 2015 
2) the integrity of the proceedings of the 
House can be fully restored only by the dis-solution of the Select Committee; and 
3) the Select Committee shall be disman-
tled and is hereby directed to make public within thirty days transcripts of all unclas-sified interviews and depositions it has con-ducted. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair would entertain argument on whether the resolution qualifies as a question of the privileges of the House. 
Does any Member seek recognition? If not, the Chair will rule. 
The gentlewoman from New York 
seeks to offer a resolution as a ques-tion of the privileges of the House under rule IX. The resolution alleges that a select committee established by order of the House has misused House resources for a political purpose and proposes to dismantle the select com-mittee. 
In evaluating the resolution under 
rule IX, the Chair must determine whether the resolution affects ‘‘the rights of the House collectively, its safety, dignity, and the integrity of its proceedings.’’ In addition, Cannon’s Precedents, volume 6, section 395 cites the precedent of September 24, 1917, for the proposition that ‘‘the presence of unprivileged matter destroys the privi-lege of a resolution otherwise privi-leged.’’ That ruling is the foundation for the principle that either the entire resolution is privileged, or none of it is. 
Section 706 of the House Rules and 
Manual documents several precedents holding that a resolution alleging a question of the privileges of the House may not collaterally challenge a rule of the House. 
One such precedent occurred on Jan-
uary 23, 1984. On that date, Speaker O’Neill ruled that a resolution direct-ing a change in political ratios of com-mittee membership did not qualify as a question of privilege because that issue could be otherwise presented to the House in a privileged manner. The Speaker noted that the resolution itself did not constitute a change in the rules of the House, but nevertheless held that the resolution did not qualify because it presented a collateral chal-lenge to an adopted rule of the House. 
The Chair would also note the events 
of January 31, 1996, when a resolution directing the Speaker to withdraw an invitation for a foreign head of state to address a joint meeting of Congress was held not to present a question of privilege because it proposed a collat-eral change in a previous order of the House. 
In each of these cases, the crucial 
question was whether the resolution presented a collateral challenge to an existing rule or order of the House. 
The resolution offered by the gentle-
woman from New York proposes to dis-mantle the Select Committee on the Events Surrounding the 2012 Terrorist Attack in Benghazi, which was estab-lished in the 114th Congress by section 4(a) of House Resolution 5, adopted by the House on January 6, 2015. The reso-lution presents a collateral challenge to that order of the House. As such, the 
resolution does not constitute a ques-tion of the privileges of the House. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I ap-
peal the ruling of the Chair. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House? 
MOTION TO TABLE  
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to lay the appeal on the table. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to table. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on the motion to table will be followed by a 5-minute vote on adoption of House Resolution 462. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 240, nays 183, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 536] 
YEAS—240 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold 
Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood 
LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) 
Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus 
Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker 
Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—183 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush 
Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—11 
Dingell 
Granger Hinojosa Hudson Lummis 
Payne Scott (VA) Sinema Smith (TX) 
Walorski Williams 
b1413 
So the motion to table was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07OC7.024 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6858 October 7, 2015 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 3192, HOMEBUYERS AS-SISTANCE ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM OCTOBER 12, 2015, THROUGH OCTOBER 19, 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on adop-tion of the resolution (H. Res. 462) pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3192) to provide for a temporary safe harbor from the enforcement of in-tegrated disclosure requirements for mortgage loan transactions under the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 and the Truth in Lending Act, and for other purposes, and providing for proceedings during the period from October 12, 2015, through October 19, 2015, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 238, nays 181, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 537] 
YEAS—238 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold 
Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly 
Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo 
Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam 
Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton 
Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walden Walker Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho 
Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—181 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters 
Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—15 
Dingell 
Forbes Granger Hinojosa Hudson Lummis 
Payne Scott (VA) Sinema Smith (TX) Speier 
Vela´zquez 
Walberg Walorski Williams b1421 
So the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PERMISSION TO POSTPONE ADOP-
TION OF MOTION TO RECOMMIT ON H.R. 3192, HOMEBUYERS AS-SISTANCE ACT 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that the ques-tion of adopting a motion to recommit on H.R. 3192 may be subject to post-ponement as though under clause 8 of rule XX. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
H
OLDING ). Is there objection to the re-
quest of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
f 
HOMEBUYERS ASSISTANCE ACT 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, pur-
suant to House Resolution 462, I call up the bill (H.R. 3192) to provide for a tem-porary safe harbor from the enforce-ment of integrated disclosure require-ments for mortgage loan transactions under the Real Estate Settlement Pro-cedures Act of 1974 and the Truth in Lending Act, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consider-ation in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 462, the bill is considered read. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3192 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of 
Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Homebuyers 
Assistance Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ENFORCEMENT SAFE HARBOR. 
The integrated disclosure requirements for 
mortgage loan transactions under section 4(a) of the Real Estate Settlement Proce-dures Act of 1974 (12 U.S.C. 2603(a)), section 105(b) of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1604(b)), and regulations issued under such sections may not be enforced against any person until February 1, 2016, and no suit may be filed against any person for a viola-tion of such requirements occurring before such date, so long as such person has made a good faith effort to comply with such re-quirements. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill 
shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
The gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
EN-
SARLING ) and the gentlewoman from 
California (Ms. M AXINE WATERS ) each 
will control 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.033 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6859 October 7, 2015 
submit extraneous materials on the 
bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong 
support of H.R. 3192, the Homebuyers Assistance Act. It is a very modest act, and it also happens to be a very bipar-tisan act, that would bring some tem-porary relief to mortgage market par-ticipants who are attempting to secure financing and close on their homes. It will help allow there to be a transition period for a very complicated rule that has been promulgated by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau that went into effect Saturday. 
Mr. Speaker, we want to make sure 
that hardworking Americans do not lose out on the opportunity for their portion of the American Dream, includ-ing home ownership, as this new rule is brought to bear. 
Now, let me be the first to say that 
as a Member of this body who finds very little good to be found in the Dodd-Frank Act, directing the CFPB to try to make disclosures more simple and more easily and readily under-standable is a good thing. But the prob-lem, Mr. Speaker, is in trying to inte-grate something called TILA, the Truth in Lending Act, disclosures with something called RESPA, the Real Es-tate Settlement Procedures Act, two different acts. 
To try to reconcile those two, the 
CFPB promulgated a 1,888-page rule, complete with guidance. So now those who are involved in the marketplace trying to help finance homes are left with this behemoth to try to put into their computer systems, their IT sys-tems, into training. Being able to streamline disclosures is a very, very important thing to do, but it is fairly difficult to do when there are almost 2,000 pages of complex, compound, com-plicated language. 
We know that when these new sys-
tems are put into place, Mr. Speaker, there can be glitches. There can be temporary setbacks. Sometimes the software doesn’t quite work as in-tended. Just ask those in charge of the ObamaCare rollout. ObamaCare was on the books as law for many, many years before the rollout came, and it was a disastrous rollout. I have no doubt peo-ple were operating in good faith, but they rolled it out and it failed. 
So all over America, title agencies 
and mortgage lenders are having to change their software, having to change their process and procedures. We don’t want low- and moderate-in-come people who finally put enough money away for a down payment to be set back in their attempt to get their mortgage. 
I want to thank the gentleman from 
Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL), who is the author 
of the bill. It is, again, a very, very bi-partisan bill. I want to thank him for 
his leadership. And before that, the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ) had been very, very engaged in 
this issue. I want to thank them for their leadership, because without it, again, what we are looking at here is people losing out on the opportunity to close on their homes. 
And so the bill is a simple bill. It 
says: You know what? For 4 months let’s create a temporary, trial period and safe harbor for those who act in good faith in trying to implement this new 1,888-page behemoth rule. Let’s allow a little bit of a transition period to hold these people harmless if they act in good faith. 
Again, Mr. Speaker, if they are act-
ing in good faith. 
Yes, I assume the CFPB, which pro-
mulgated the rule, acted in good faith. But guess what, Mr. Speaker, they vio-lated the law in rolling out this rule, and yet they were held harmless in their so-called trial period. Can’t we do the same for those who are trying to make the American Dream of home ownership come true? 
If we do not pass this bill, I am afraid 
what we will hear is what I have heard from different people back in my home State of Texas. What I heard from one Texas land title man is: 
No question, more conservative lending in 
sales volumes will result. This will impact both buyers and sellers. And the new rules could have a cost impact. Lenders may de-cide to raise fees to cover potential exposure. 
b1430 
Another real estate individual in 
Texas went on to say large lenders have already announced they are not going to do one-time closings anymore due to the uncertainty. 
We are hearing all kinds of language, 
and that is one of the reasons that 255 Members of this body, Mr. Speaker, in-cluding 91 Democrats, wrote to the head of the CFPB asking him to do ex-actly what this bill would do. 
It is not just limited to the House 
side. Forty-one Senators signed almost an identical letter asking the CFPB di-rector for this very short period of time for people who operate in good faith to be held harmless and not to be sued, not to be fined, not to be per-secuted, so that the American people can enjoy their right of home owner-ship. 
It is a modest bill. It is a bipartisan 
bill. It is for the homeowner. I urge its adoption. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 5 minutes for an opening statement. 
I rise today in opposition to H.R. 
3192, a proposal that I believe erodes consumers’ ability to have their day in court and that undermines efforts to comply with the CFPB’s new TILA- RESPA Integrated Disclosure act. 
When I say TILA and RESPA, I am 
talking about the Truth in Lending Act and the Real Estate Settlement 
Procedures Act. 
Mr. Speaker, I stand in full support 
of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s decision to engage in re-strained enforcement of the new disclo-sure rules until 2016, and I support the FFIEC’s recent announcement that prudential regulators’ supervision of fi-nancial institutions’ compliance with the new rules will recognize the scope and scale of the changes necessary for financial institutions and other af-fected entities to effectively comply. 
Simply speaking, when the business 
community and Democrats and Repub-licans all basically said, ‘‘We believe that these integrated rules are com-plicated. It is going to take industry time to get up to speed,’’ they have got to change their paper. They have got to train their employees, et cetera, et cetera. We all agree that there should be a grace period. 
So, with that, my support for a tem-
porary period of restrained administra-tive enforcement and supervision re-flects the recognition of the massive undertaking that lenders and other set-tlement providers have undergone in preparation for the new disclosure rules. 
Now, given the administrative liabil-
ity that lenders would face under both the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act and the Truth in Lending Act, I fully understand the real concerns that affected entities have, given the scale and scope of the changes called for under the new disclosure rules. 
Mr. Speaker, industry requests to 
date that the Bureau and other Federal regulators take a more thoughtful ap-proach with respect to their enforce-ment and supervision is reasonable. 
My support for the actions taken to 
date by regulators to consider good faith compliance efforts by lenders and other entities affected by the new dis-closure rules does not, however, extend to suspending, even temporarily, one of the more important consumer protec-tions available to the Truth in Lending Act, which is a consumer’s right to bring an action protecting themselves in the event that a lender makes an in-accurate, untimely, misleading disclo-sure. 
Basically, what we are talking about 
now is who is going to protect the con-sumer in all of this. We are saying that there is a need to protect consumers. Those who oppose the amendment that I tried to bring to the floor to do just that are saying they are not on the side of the consumer. 
While the good faith provision in 
H.R. 3192 does allow consumers to bring actions in response to egregious viola-tions of the Truth in Lending Act, con-sumers can still rely on inaccurate or misleading disclosure errors that are made in good faith. 
Under current law, borrowers can 
bring an action where a disclosure is inaccurate or misleading, even if the error is made in good faith, and the burden under current law is on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.037 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6860 October 7, 2015 
lender to prove that their disclosure is 
consistent with the Truth in Lending Act. 
Now we have a change. In contrast, 
under H.R. 3192, this legislation, the burden is placed on the consumer to demonstrate from the onset of an ac-tion that the error was not made in good faith, a bar that is virtually im-possible for most consumers to over-come. That is a drastic departure from current law. 
The private right of action under the 
Truth in Lending Act serves two im-portant purposes: 
First, it allows consumers to protect 
themselves from inaccurate, untimely, or misleading mortgage disclosures. 
Second, through the act’s provision 
of statutory and class-action damages, as well as attorneys’ fees and court costs, TILA also provides clear incen-tives for lenders to ensure that the dis-closures they provide are timely and accurate. 
I just want to take a look at what 
the TILA-RESPA Integrated Disclo-sure would require. Let us take a look at what we are talking about. 
In this document, they identify the 
amounts for the loan, the interest rates, the monthly principal and inter-est, whether or not there are prepay-ment penalties, whether or not there is a balloon payment, on and on and on. It gets down to exactly what is being disclosed to the consumer. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself 30 seconds just to say that, if the ranking member is sup-portive of a safe harbor, she has a funny way of showing it. 
I would remind her that there is no 
private right of action under RESPA. There is one under TILA. But under TILA, there is an exception, a safe har-bor for unintentional violations and bona fide errors, which will be found in section 1640 of title 15. 
There is another safe harbor for good 
faith compliance with rule regulation and interpretation. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the 
gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL), 
the sponsor of the bill. 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
chairman for yielding me some time on this important measure. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 3192, the Homebuyers Assist-ance Act, this commonsense, bipar-tisan bill which will provide certainty for the short transition period for the real estate industry, preventing costly market disruptions and delays for American homebuyers. 
I thank Mr. S
HERMAN for his help in 
design and leadership. I also thank my friends, Mr. V
ARGAS and Mr. P EARCE , 
who worked on this bill as well. 
This straightforward measure will 
provide a temporary hold harmless pe-riod from enforcement action and liti-gation during the initial implementa-tion of this new TILA-RESPA Inte-grated Disclosure form. This rule, by the way, became effective this past 
Saturday. 
Companies out in the real world are 
trying to get this closing regime right and have spent billions of dollars in up-dating their systems and hundreds of man-hours training employees to com-ply with this 1,800-page rule. 
Again, I remind my colleagues that, 
at the height of the Depression, in re-writing all of America’s banking laws, the Banking Act of 1933 consumed only 37 pages. 
There is no opportunity to test. This 
is a bright-line rule that just turns on. You have to have new forms and new, substantive changes, and these compli-ance challenges are many. 
This temporary grace period will 
allow the industry to work with the CFPB to ensure a smooth transition. As previously noted, 300 bipartisan Members have urged this grace period, including the ranking member. 
We are here today by the inadequate 
response of the CFPB to a lot of con-cerns across our Nation, from Realtors, mortgage lenders, title companies, peo-ple in the appraisal business. 
Mr. Cordray could have provided this 
certainty, just like HUD did for the re-vised RESPA disclosures back in 2010. But statements from Mr. Cordray like the industry can ‘‘read between the lines’’ doesn’t constitute certainty in the real world. 
It might here in the Beltway. But as 
a Member of Congress who until the end of 2014 was CEO of a community bank, I can assure you that kind of ‘‘read between the lines’’ certainty doesn’t work in the real world. 
A recent survey by the American 
Bankers Association indicated over 40 percent of institutions have not yet re-ceived compliance software needed to implement TRID. It is very frustrating to Members on both sides of the aisle, particularly after the number of years that we have talked about a new TRID form. But, nonetheless, it is a fact. Ninety percent of institutions were still testing the incorporation into their lending platforms. 
I can tell you this is more com-
plicated than it looks to someone who is a bureaucrat in Washington. You have got a loan operating system and a loan doc prep system typically from two different vendors. Both require software changes. 
Three-quarters of those surveyed in 
the mortgage banking industry said they needed an additional 3 weeks to 4 months for additional debugging and testing. So this commonsense bill will allow them to perform that task, not disrupt closings, and allow people to have a safe harbor from potential liti-gation or enforcement penalties. 
One bank in Arkansas called me 
Monday, 2 days after TRID went live, to say they are still not expected to get the final fix from their software pro-viders until Thanksgiving. 
In addition to these kinds of oper-
ating implementation issues, many are still out there waiting for clarification from the CFPB on certain issues. The chairman mentioned one-time 
close. One of the most popular products in banking today, particularly among community banks, is a construction- to-permanent mortgage closing, where one can build their home and go to a permanent loan closing all with one ap-plication and one set of forms and a single closing. 
But because of confusion over how to 
properly disclose information under the new TRID form, I think this is a problem. Several banks, as noted, are going to cease one-time construction- to-permanent loan making, again, one of the most popular products in com-munity banking. 
I want to emphasize that this tem-
porary protection only applies to those making a good faith effort to comply to this very complex rule. It in no way alters the underlying rule. 
While I disagree with much of Dodd- 
Frank, I support the general purpose of this rule, which is to attempt to streamline and simplify mortgage dis-closures for consumers, albeit, com-paring the forms side by side, I don’t know if that was accomplished or not. But it is absolutely a worthy objective. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. HENSARLING. I yield the gen-
tleman an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. HILL. Our title companies, bank-
ers, and others in the industry who are earnestly trying to comply with these new TRID rules need to have the con-fidence and certainty that they can go into this closing regime giving excel-lent customer service, and not be look-ing over their shoulder for an inad-vertent penalty or civil litigation. 
Mr. Speaker, we are pro-consumer. 
400,000 consumers buy a home every month in this country, and over 230,000 consumers refinance a mortgage. All will be positively impacted by this temporary measure. I urge its consider-ation. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY ). 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-woman for yielding, and for her leader-ship as ranking member on the Finan-cial Services Committee. 
I rise in opposition to H.R. 3192. The 
Democrats have worked very hard to protect consumers and, in fact, in Dodd-Frank, created the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau, which has already returned $11 billion to 25 mil-lion consumers in just the first 4 years of its existence. Their goal is to protect consumers, and that is what they have done in the new rule that they came out with. 
Democrats believe that consumers 
deserve easy-to-understand disclosures of the cost of buying and financing a home. So, in response to the mortgage crisis, the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau has proposed to streamline and combine the disclosures that con-sumers get when they are buying a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.038 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6861 October 7, 2015 
home so it is easier for them to under-
stand. 
b1445 
They used to get multiple disclosure 
forms, some under the Truth in Lend-ing Act and some under the Real Es-tate Settlement Procedures Act, or RESPA. Now the CFPB has stream-lined them into a new Integrated Dis-closure, which is important because it will make it far easier for Americans to understand the loan terms and the fees that they are paying when they buy a home. 
But implementing a brand-new Inte-
grated Disclosure form will also be complicated, and it will take the indus-try some time to adjust to the new rules. And industry raised those con-cerns to us. 
This bill would give lenders a safe 
harbor from the CFPB’s Integrated Disclosure rule until February 21, 2016. 
While I think that this bill addresses 
an important issue because imple-menting the new Integrated Disclosure forms will be complex, the truth is that the CFPB has already given the indus-try significant relief on the rule. They have already done it. 
Along with my colleague and very 
good friend from Kentucky, Mr. B
ARR, 
we led a bipartisan letter which was signed by 254 Members of this body, in-cluding Ranking Member W
ATERS , re-
questing a grace period on the Inte-grated Disclosure requirement. 
I include for the R
ECORD the letter 
that the gentleman from Kentucky and I circulated with all 254 signatures, as well as the letter we received in re-sponse. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , 
Washington, DC, May 20, 2015. 
Hon. R ICHARD CORDRAY , 
Director, Consumer Financial Protection Bu-
reau. 
DEARDIRECTOR CORDRAY : The undersigned 
Members of Congress acknowledge that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB or Bureau) has done significant work on the TILA–RESPA Integrated Disclosure (TRID) regulation. Nevertheless, this com-plicated and extensive rule is likely to cause challenges during implementation, which is currently scheduled for August 1, 2015, that could negatively impact consumers. As you know, the housing market is highly sea-sonal, with August, September, and October consistently being some of the busiest months of the year for home sales and settle-ments. By contrast, January and February are consistently the slowest months of the year for real estate activity. We therefore encourage the Bureau to announce and im-plement a ‘‘grace period’’ for those seeking to comply in good faith from August 1st through the end of 2015. 
Even with significant advance notice, un-
derstanding how to implement and comply with this regulation will only become clear when the industry gains experience using these new forms and processes in real-life situations. As the TRID regulation does not provide lenders an opportunity to start using the new disclosure form prior to the August 1st implementation date, market partici-pants will not be able to test their systems and procedures ahead of time, which in-creases the risk of unanticipated disruptions on August 1st. That is why we believe that a grace period for those seeking to comply in 
good faith from August 1st through the end of 2015 would be particularly useful in these circumstances. During this time, industry can provide data to the CFPB on issues that arise so that the Bureau and industry can work together to remove impediments to the effectiveness of the rule. 
Thank you for your time and consider-
ation. If we may be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact us. 
Sincerely, 
S
IGNED : 254 M EMBERS OF CONGRESS . 
CONSUMER FINANCIAL  
PROTECTION BUREAU , 
Washington, DC, June 3, 2015. 
Hon. A NDYBARR, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY , 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVES BARR AND MALO-
NEY: Thank you for your letter about imple-
mentation of the TILA–RESPA Integrated Disclosure Rule, which we finalized nineteen months ago to carry out the law enacted by Congress. We share your desire for a smooth and successful implementation of the Rule, and we continue to work closely with all stakeholders to support that goal. Like you, we recognize that successful implementation poses challenges to industry and benefits both industry and consumers, but in any event requires close collaboration between industry and the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Bureau. 
As you may know, the Bureau has taken 
many steps to support industry implementa-tion and to help creditors, vendors, and oth-ers affected by the Rule to better under-stand, operationalize, and prepare to comply with the Rule’s new streamlined disclosures. Since the Rule was first published in Novem-ber 2013, we have made it a point to engage directly and intensively with financial insti-tutions and vendors through a formal regu-latory implementation project. The Bureau’s regulatory implementation project for the Rule includes the following: 
Inter-agency coordination. In-depth exam 
procedures were approved by the Federal Fi-nancial Institutions Examination Council in February 2015 and published by CFPB on April 1, 2015. The Bureau’s own examination procedures incorporating the FFIEC exam procedures were published on May 4, 2015. 
Publish ‘‘readiness guide,’’ plain-language 
guides, and other resources. The ‘‘readiness guide’’ includes a broad check-list of things for industry to do prior to the Rule’s effec-tive date. The Bureau has also published a compliance guide, a guide to the new inte-grated disclosure forms, and an illustrative timeline. 
Publish amendments and updates to the 
Rule in response to industry requests. In January 2015, after extensive outreach to stakeholders, the Bureau adopted two minor modifications and technical amendments to the Rule to smooth compliance for industry. 
Provide unofficial staff guidance. Bureau 
staff attorneys have provided oral guidance in response to over 750 regulatory interpreta-tion inquiries, received from trade associa-tions and through the CFPB l 
RegInquiries@cfpb.gov email address since the Rule was issued. 
Engage with stakeholders. Bureau staff 
have provided remarks and addressed ques-tions about the Rule and related implemen-tation matters at over 40 formal events and over 50 informal stakeholder meetings since the Rule was issued. 
Cmiduct webinars. The Bureau has con-
ducted a series of five free, publicly available webinars, available for viewing through the Bureau’s website, that provide guidance on how to interpret and apply specific provi-sions. Clarify misunderstandings. Today we are 
releasing a fact sheet explaining the limited circumstances when the Rule requires that the consumer be provided an additional three-day review period. Only three specific changes require an additional three-day re-view period: (1) an increase in the APR of greater than 1/8 of a percentage point for a fixed-rate loan or 1/4 of a percentage point for an adjustable-rate loan (decreases in the APR based on a decrease in the interest rate or fees charged do not trigger a delay); (2) the addition of a prepayment penalty; and (3) changes in the loan product, from a fixed- rate to an adjustable-rate loan, for example. Importantly, no other changes require a delay for re-disclosure. 
Your letter raises a further important 
matter. As you have suggested, the Bureau’s work to support the implementation of the Rule does not end on the effective date of August 1, as we continue to work with indus-try, consumers, and other stakeholders to answer questions, provide guidance, and sup-port a smooth transition for the mortgage market. As we do so, and in response to con-siderable input we have received from you and your constituents, I have spoken with our fellow regulators to clarify that our oversight of the implementation of the Rule will be sensitive to the progress made by those entities that have squarely focused on making good-faith efforts to come into com-pliance with the Rule on time. My statement here of this approach is intended to ease some of the concerns we have heard about this transition to new processes in the com-ing months and is consistent with the ap-proach we took to implementation of the Title XIV mortgage rules in the early months after the effective dates in January 2014, which has worked out well. 
As always, thank you for your strong in-
terest in the Bureau’s work, and I personally appreciate your oversight efforts. I hope you can see, here again, that we listen closely and consider carefully how we can best ad-dress the issues that you raise as we all pur-sue this important advance in consumer pro-tection and disclosure authorized by Con-gress. Please contact me if you have any ad-ditional questions or Bureau staff can meet with your staff, should that be helpful to you. 
Sincerely, 
R
ICHARD CORDRAY , 
Director. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Within 2 weeks, we received a letter back from the CFPB, promising that they would do a grace period. 
I thank Director Cordray for respond-
ing so quickly to the gentleman from Kentucky’s concerns and my concerns. 
The grace period that the Bureau did 
for the qualified mortgage rule, which they gave earlier, was very successful, and I have no doubt that the grace pe-riod for the Integrated Disclosure rule will be just as successful. 
In fact, the Integrated Disclosure 
rule took effect last Saturday, which means that the grace period that Di-rector Cordray promised—which this bill would codify—is already in effect. The grace period is happening right now, and that is why this bill is just absolutely not necessary. 
It is also important to note that the 
bill would prohibit consumers from suing for improper disclosure during the grace period. Now, that is of deep concern to me because that takes a right away from consumers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.040 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6862 October 7, 2015 
I certainly did not come to Congress 
to vote in any way to limit or roll back consumer protections. So this was something that I am incredibly uncom-fortable with because I don’t think it is a good idea to suspend both public en-forcement and private enforcement through lawsuits at the same time. I don’t think that is good policy because it takes away all the guardrails for consumers during this grace period. 
This is also something that the 
White House strongly opposes. In fact, they have issued a veto threat on this bill because they feel so strongly about maintaining consumers’ private right to sue. 
And I will place into the R
ECORD a 
statement from President Obama’s White House, stating that he is opposed to rolling back any rights of con-sumers. 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESI-
DENT , O FFICE OF MANAGEMENT  
ANDBUDGET , 
Washington, DC, October 6, 2015. 
STATEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION POLICY  
H.R. 3192—HOMEBUYERS ASSISTANCE ACT  
(Rep. Hill, R–AR, and one cosponsor) 
Americans deserve clear and easy to under-
stand disclosures of the cost of buying and fi-nancing a home, which is why the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act directed the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau (CFPB) to streamline conflicting disclosures that were required under the Truth in Lending Act and the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act. The Know Before You Owe regulation issued by the CFPB almost two years ago fulfills this mandate by requiring mortgage lenders and settlement agents to provide home-buyers with simpler forms that explain the true cost of buying their home at least three days before closing. This summer, the CFPB extended the effective date for these require-ments by two months, to last Saturday, Oc-tober 3, 2015, to provide for a smooth transi-tion and avoid unnecessary disruptions to busy families seeking to close on a new home at the beginning of the school year. 
H.R. 3192 would revise the effective date for 
the Know Before You Owe rule to February 1, 2016, and would shield lenders from liability for violations for loans originated before February 1 so long as lenders made a good faith effort to comply. 
The CFPB has already clearly stated that 
initial examinations will evaluate good faith efforts by lenders. The Administration strongly opposes H.R. 3192, as it would un-necessarily delay implementation of impor-tant consumer protections designed to eradi-cate opaque lending practices that con-tribute to risky mortgages, hurt home-owners by removing the private right of ac-tion for violations, and undercut the Na-tion’s financial stability. 
If the President were presented with H.R. 
3192, his senior advisors would recommend that he veto the bill. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. So while I am very sympathetic to the concerns that motivated this bill, I have to oppose the bill because I believe it is unnecessary. 
They say the purpose is to codify it. 
Mr. Cordray responded to Congress’ re-quest. They responded to industry’s re-quest, and they granted the grace pe-riod. We have it. So this bill does noth-ing but roll back consumer protections. 
I would urge my colleagues to vote 
against this bill. I applaud my col-leagues that signed the letter that led 
to the relief we have today. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself 10 seconds to say we cer-tainly don’t see a grace period from Mr. Cordray. We see ‘‘I am going to be sensitive and read between the lines.’’ 
So the worst charge here is this bill 
is redundant. This bill does nothing to constrain consumer rights, but what it does do is constrain trial lawyers who are going to take away home owner-ship opportunities. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from New Jersey (Mr. G
ARRETT ), the 
chairman of the Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises Subcommittee. 
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I guess 
we have a new definition. We just heard that the CFPB has streamlined things for local banks. I guess this is Washing-ton’s version of streamlining regula-tions: 1,888 pages. My gosh. 
So I come to the floor today to com-
mend the chairman of the committee and the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) for moving this legislation before 
us, H.R. 3192, and for Members on both side of the aisle who have supported this type of legislation as well. 
Let us understand what this legisla-
tion does not do. It does not remove any authority from the CFPB to take enforcement actions against bad actors under the new Integrated Disclosure rules. Secondly, it does not remove any kind of incentives for lenders to com-ply with the new rule. 
So I think it is important that we 
recognize what it does not do, despite some of the claims that we are hearing from the other side of the aisle. 
So what does the bill do? It simply 
provides a grace period, if you will, for lenders, your local bankers, if you will, who act in good faith to comply with this 1,888-page simplification of the new rules that the CFPB has put out there. 
I think it is ironic that the CFPB 
took over 1,800 pages of rulemaking au-thority and analysis and all the time, yet the agency is unwilling to provide the lenders—your local banks, if you will—a brief period in order to comply with all the rigamarole, the red tape, the technology, the compliance for them to get up to speed on this. 
Clearly, the length of the rulemaking 
suggests it was a complicated project for the CFPB. It took them a long time to complete it. So why are they not willing to in writing basically say: Here, you folks, you local bankers, you also will have the same leniency as well? 
This is a very straightforward and 
simple bill. It is intended to provide a brief, 4-month grace period for your banks, lenders that act in good faith to comply, nothing more, nothing less. 
At the end of the day, who are we 
really helping here? No. It is not the bankers. It is not the lenders. Really, who we are really helping is all the American people who are trying to get a loan, who are trying to go and get fi-nancing. Those are the people that this legislation would help. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ), the ranking member of 
the Small Business Committee. 
Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ. I thank the gentle-
woman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to 
H.R. 3192 to protect Americans’ invest-ment in their homes. 
The new TILA-RESPA disclosure 
rules are critical consumer protections that will provide consumers with ex-panded information before buying a home. 
What we are doing today with this 
legislation is to use dilatory tactics to prevent CFPB from doing their job in protecting consumers. 
This legislation, however, is a solu-
tion in search of a problem. Just last week, before a Financial Services Com-mittee hearing, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Director Cordray in-dicated that the agency will implement a hold harmless period so that the in-dustry could implement rules without risk of enforcement. 
H.R. 3192, which will further extend 
the grace period, is, therefore, unneces-sary. The Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau has already indicated a willingness to work hand in hand with the industry. But I guess that is not enough. 
If this bill is enacted, the private 
right of action will be blocked, denying consumers their basic right to a day in court. That is not right, and this body should not stand for it. This will under-mine the intent of the Integrated Dis-closure, which is to provide clear, straightforward information to con-sumers regarding their mortgage. 
How could you call this piece of legis-
lation ‘‘Protect Americans’ Investment in Their Homes’’ and, yet, use all these dilatory tactics to prevent consumers from having their right in court and from having the information that they need in order to make a wise decision? 
We are trying to make the process 
better for consumers, and there is al-ready a path before us that strikes a balance between the needs of industry and millions of homebuyers. 
I am confident that CFPB Director 
Cordray will not deviate from this course. If he does, then we can hold the agency accountable. For these reasons, I urge the Members of this House to op-pose this bill. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself 30 seconds. 
I would be happy to yield to any of 
my Democratic colleagues who would show me where Director Cordray has ever used the words ‘‘hold harmless,’’ where he has ever used the words ‘‘grace period.’’ 
I continue to hear these words ban-
died about. But he has appeared before the House Financial Services Com-mittee, the Senate Banking Com-mittee. He has written letters, con-ducted interviews. He has never said this, never said this. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.042 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6863 October 7, 2015 
So, at worst, again, Mr. Speaker, the 
bill is redundant. If so, if my colleagues will yield back their time, I will be 
happy to yield back my time. We will have the vote, and we will get on with the other business of the House if the worst they can say is this bill is redun-dant. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
You said you would yield to a Demo-
crat who could quote Mr. Cordray. 
Mr. HENSARLING. I said I would 
yield to a Democrat who can give me the Cordray quote where he says he will ‘‘hold harmless’’ or uses the term ‘‘grace period.’’ 
So if the gentleman has the quote, I 
would be glad to yield to him. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I am so close to that, 
you should yield to me. 
Mr. HENSARLING. I yield to the 
gentleman from California. 
Mr. SHERMAN. He has responded to 
my question and said of this grace pe-riod, so it will ‘‘be diagnostic and cor-rective, not punitive, and there will be time for them to work to get it right.’’ 
Mr. HENSARLING. Reclaiming my 
time, so I continue to hear ‘‘diag-nostic’’ and read between the lines. So, again, at worst, the bill is redundant. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. N
EUGE -
BAUER ), the chairman of the Financial 
Institutions and Consumer Credit Sub-committee. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. I thank the dis-
tinguished chairman for his work on this important piece of legislation as well as my good friend from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL). 
Mr. Speaker, for a good portion of my 
life before Congress I was in the hous-ing business and had the opportunity to help a lot of American families buy their first home and sometimes their second home. I had the opportunity to buy my first home. 
I was thinking earlier today that, 
when you look at the history of the closings over the years since I have been in the housing business, the first house I bought was in 1973. 
I came away with six pieces of paper: 
a copy of the note that I signed that said I would promise to pay monthly payments of x; the deed of trust, which gave the bank security for the loan that I was taking out; a copy of the closing statement, which was on one page. 
And over the years, I watched that 
grow and grow and grow until today— and I wish I had had an opportunity to do that—that, in many cases, the fami-lies walked out of closings with hun-dreds of pages of closing documents be-cause we have gotten more and more new regulations and nuances into the buying a home process. 
But let me talk about what I hear a 
lot of my colleagues on the other side say that this bill does. 
Let me tell you what it doesn’t do. It 
doesn’t do one thing that inhibits the protections that are in TILA and RESPA for home buyers in this coun-try. It does nothing. What it also does not do is it does not 
give anybody safe harbor if they are not acting in good faith. Basically, what this bill says is: Look, we have got a new process. 
And I think it was a good idea. I have 
supported it. In fact, I worked on work-ing together to see if we could come up with one disclosure statement because two are sometimes confusing to the home buyer. So one made a lot of sense. 
What didn’t make sense was to take 
1,888 pages to describe what we ought to do on one form, a combined form. 
But what this does do is it says: We 
have got a very sophisticated process now because we have added all of these documents to closings and all of these disclosures. What it says is: Now, effec-tive Saturday, we are going to imple-ment a new system, and that new sys-tem is complicated. It has a lot of mov-ing parts. 
And buying a home can have a lot of 
different parts because each borrower, each buyer of a home, has different cir-cumstances and different verifications that are needed and different trans-actional pieces of that. And trying to bring those all together in a new envi-ronment with new software is very dif-ficult. 
So what we said is: Look, if you are 
trying to act in good faith and you are trying to implement this and you are working on all the glitches in your processes and in your computer system possibly and you are doing that and if, for some reason, you missed one of the guidelines in this combined statement, we are not going to give you a penalty. 
b1500 
I think that makes sense. The Amer-
ican people are tired of an oppressive government. They are tired of the gov-ernment being the enemy. What we need for the CFPB to be doing in this circumstance is working with the fi-nancial industry to make sure that this process is smooth. If there are nu-ances or glitches in the system, hey, it makes the system better when we share those. 
So with that, Mr. Speaker, I support 
H.R. 3192 and encourage my colleagues to vote for it. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker and Members, my friends on the opposite side of the aisle keep making the argument about the grace period. That should not even be dis-cussed here because we have agreed, Mr. Cordray from the Consumer Finan-cial Protection Bureau has agreed and everybody has agreed, that there should have been a grace period. That is not what my amendment was about that they would not allow me to take up on the floor. 
Mr. Speaker, my amendment is about 
consumer protection. They know it, and they are trying to keep people mis-led by coming in here with their props and saying that this bill is 1,800 pages when, in fact, it is not. So I want ev-erybody to be clear that this is not about the grace period, and this is not 
about not giving the industry an oppor-tunity to get its act together. Really, the debate should be about whether or not they protect consumers, and they don’t. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the 
gentleman from California (Mr. S
HER-
MAN). 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, back in 
the old days, this bill would have just passed on suspension. It is bipartisan, it is small, and it is temporary. Both sides have praised the CFPB’s efforts in coming out with this rule. Both sides believe in a grace period, and the ques-tion before us is whether we should codify that grace period and apply it to trial lawyer enforcement, or whether we should have it be more vague than the chairman would want, and whether this grace period should apply to pri-vate enforcement or only government enforcement. 
Mr. Speaker, 91 Democrats called for 
this grace period. Half the Democrats on the committee voted for the bill. The bill applies only until the end of January. It is small, it is temporary, and it applies only to lenders who oper-ate in good faith. I said until the end of January. Some would say it applies until February 1. Either way, it is a temporary bill. 
I know the pressure the Democrats 
are under. Anybody who shows up at Democratic club meetings, they are thinking that any bill, no matter how small, temporary, or practical, that is favored by the financial services indus-try must be a complete sellout to banks. Well, as one of the leaders against the $700 billion TARP bill, I can go to any Democratic club holding my head up high even if I vote for bills that are practical and yet may clash with some ideology. 
The CFPB recognized the importance 
of this grace period, saying in the let-ter of October 1: 
We recognize that the industry needs to 
make significant systems and operational changes. 
They document all those changes and 
review them. That is why they provide for a grace period which they have in-dicated may last longer than 4 months. So why are smaller participants in the industry, small escrow companies and small lenders, backing away, aban-doning consumers to only the biggest who know how to comply with this complicated 1,888-page regulation with-out worrying about a period of a shake-down cruise to get organized? Why? Be-cause although they have got the re-strained administrative enforcement that has been praised, they don’t have the restrained trial lawyer enforce-ment. 
This bill effectuates what the CFPB 
is trying to do: let people go, do a shakedown cruise, make sure that things operate correctly, and do so knowing that if they act in good faith, they won’t face retribution. But the CFPB can do that only with regard to governmental enforcement. It is up to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.043 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6864 October 7, 2015 
this Congress to make sure that it ap-
plies to private enforcement. That is the purpose of this bill. 
Let us achieve the purpose that the 
CFPB had when they issued their letter of October 1. Let us make sure that those who act in good faith will not face retribution. Let us make sure that the smaller mortgage lenders and smaller escrow companies can continue to operate if they try to do so in good faith. Let us not hand a huge competi-tive advantage to those players in the industry that have the most lawyers and the most sophisticated computer programmers. 
If we are going to have a grace pe-
riod, it needs to apply to both private enforcement through lawsuits as well as public enforcement through the CFPB. That is why I hope that Mem-bers will vote for this bill. 
Madam Speaker, I enter into the 
R
ECORD this letter of October 1. 
CONSUMER FINANCIAL  
PROTECTION BUREAU , 
Washington, DC, October 1, 2015. 
Re Your inquiry regarding supervisory prac-
tices. 
FRANK KEATING , 
President and CEO, American Bankers Associa-
tion, Washington, DC 20036 
DEAR MR. KEATING : Thank you for your 
letters of August 12th and, with the trade as-sociations copied below, September 8th re-garding the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s Know Before You Owe TILA- RESPA Integrated Disclosure Rule (the Rule). The letters request that the FFIEC ar-ticulate its policy for its member agencies’ examination and supervision of financial in-stitutions for the initial months after the Rule becomes effective on October 3, 2015. 
The member agencies of the FFIEC recog-
nize that the mortgage industry has needed to make significant systems and operational changes to adjust to the requirements of the Rule, and that implementation requires ex-tensive coordination with third parties. We recognize that the mortgage industry has dedicated substantial resources to under-stand the requirements, adapt systems, and train affected personnel, and that additional technical and other questions are likely to be identified once the new forms are used in practice after the effective date. 
During initial examinations for compli-
ance with the Rule, the agencies’ examiners will evaluate an institution’s compliance management system and overall efforts to come into compliance, recognizing the scope and scale of changes necessary for each su-pervised institution to achieve effective compliance. Examiners will expect super-vised entities to make good faith efforts to comply with the Rule’s requirements in a 
timely manner. Specifically, examiners will consider: the institution’s implementation plan, including actions taken to update poli-cies, procedures, and processes; its training of appropriate staff; and, its handling of early technical problems or other implemen-tation challenges. 
As you may recall, this is similar to the 
approach the member agencies took in ini-tial examinations for compliance with the mortgage rules that became effective at the beginning of January, 2014. Our experience at that time was that our institutions did make good faith efforts to comply and were typi-cally successful in doing so. 
Again, thank you for your letter. 
Sincerely, 
R
ICHARD CORDRAY , 
Director, Consumer Financial 
Protection Bureau. cc: American Land Title Association; 
American Escrow Assocition; The Appraisal Firm Coalition; Appraisal Institute; Collat-eral Risk Network; Consumer Bankers Asso-ciation; Community Home Lenders Associa-tion; Consumer Mortgage Coalition; Commu-nity Mortgage Lenders; Credit Union Na-tional Association; Housing Policy Council; Independent Community Bankers of Amer-ica; Mortgage Bankers Association; National Association of Home Builders; National As-sociation of Mortgage Brokers; National As-sociation of REALTORS; Real Estate Serv-ices Providers Council, Inc. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I do want to quote 
out of it. The CFPB recognizes that ‘‘the mortgage industry has needed to make significant systems and oper-ational changes to adjust to the re-quirements of the Rule.’’ 
It goes on to set forward why we need 
this grace period; and we need to make sure the grace period applies to both private and public enforcement. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, 
I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman 
from Michigan (Mr. H UIZENGA ), the 
chairman of the Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee. 
Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Madam 
Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3192. 
Madam Speaker, just to reinforce 
what my colleague from California was just talking about, this is a period here where we are going to be moving for-ward to make sure what the CFPB is doing with its 1,888-page—sorry, that is me straining trying to pick all that up—rule is moving forward. 
I would ask what is more pro-con-
sumer: moving forward with a clarified rule that grants certainty to those businesses and those individuals like Realtors—I am a former Realtor, and mortgage folks like myself, I used to be in the business—or not doing the deal and not doing the closing. Because that is what is going to happen. That is what is going to happen is you are going to see these companies say: Wait a minute. We are not sure what our legal exposure is here. 
Mr. Cordray, the head of the CFPB, 
has said that he will give a certain grace and understanding and, I believe the word was ‘‘sensitivity’’ to this moving forward. That is not a grace pe-riod. That is not clarity. Anybody who has a lawyer advising them or a CPA or anybody else who has a fiduciary re-sponsibility to make sure that their client understands what is happening in the intent would not say that that is going to stand up in court. 
I also know as a former Realtor that 
the home-buying process, buying or selling, can be one of the most chal-lenging, confusing, and stressful times, especially for a first-time home buyer. The three most stressful points in life are marriage, death, and changing where you live. That is a very difficult time. 
As we are moving forward on this, 
there often has to be this domino effect of homes closing to then get that clos-ing settled, to then move beyond to the next deal, and you will have two, three, four, five, sometimes five or six homes all lined up, five or six families waiting 
for this one closing to happen. What that is going to do is just cause more confusion. 
Madam Speaker, I support the intent 
and the spirit of the rule because I have sat at that closing table having to go through form after form after form. Everybody gets writer’s cramp signing their name on all of these different forms. This was a good thing about Dodd-Frank, and combining these var-ious forms and these various legal doc-uments that have to be signed makes total sense. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. R
OS- 
LEHTINEN ). The time of the gentleman 
has expired. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, 
I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Madam 
Speaker, I thank the gentleman. 
Madam Speaker, as I was saying, the 
intent and the spirit of the rule makes a lot of sense. Having something that is going to negatively impact those home buyers, especially those first- time home buyers, is not pro-con-sumer. It is not pro-growth. What we are trying to do with this particular bill—and I applaud my new colleague for this—is to allow the stakeholders, which is the buyer, the seller, and the companies that have the legal responsi-bility to do this closing properly to move forward and make sure that this is done in the proper way for those con-
sumers. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. P
ELOSI ), our distinguished leader. 
Ms. PELOSI. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the gentlewoman for yielding and salute her for her relentless cham-pioning of the rights of consumers in our country as our ranking member on the Financial Services Committee. 
I come to the floor on this legislation 
because it is something that runs deep in terms of our commitment and our responsibility to the consumers in our country. 
It is very curious to me that this is 
called the Homeowners Assistance Act because it is exactly the opposite of that. I say that with regret because I think that there could have been some good features of this bill—and there had been that we all agreed on, that if there is legislation, as there has been, Dodd-Frank, and the regulations that spring from it, as there must be, that we have adequate time for the regula-tions to be implemented, to listen to the private sector, to say: What are the ramifications of these regulations, and do you need more time? We all sub-scribe that a certain amount of time, not an amount of time that is going to deter ever implementing the regula-tions, but a good faith attempt to come to terms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.058 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6865 October 7, 2015 
What is unfortunate about this legis-
lation, though, Madam Speaker, is that in taking that goodwill and turning it into a bill, what the Republicans have decided to do is to take away the right of private action for a homeowner, for a consumer. They are trying to destroy homeowners’ rights to be heard in court when they think they have been tricked or misled in any kind of a transaction. 
This is so really important. It was in 
September of 2008 when we had a meet-ing in my office then at the time, Democrats and Republicans, House and Senate, to talk about what was hap-pening to the financial institutions in our country. There was a meltdown of such seriousness as was described by the Secretary of the Treasury that when I asked the chairman of the Fed, who was in the room, Mr. Bernanke, did he agree with that characterization of the situation we were in, he said: If we do not act immediately, we may not have an economy by Monday. 
This was Thursday night. So we went forward, largely with 
Democratic votes, to support a Repub-lican President, President Bush, whose administration put forth legislation, and we worked together to make it something that we could pass on the floor, overwhelmingly Democratic votes supporting a Republican Presi-dent in order to protect our economy. 
What we couldn’t do in that legisla-
tion or since was include the ability for a homeowner to declare bankruptcy— not that we wanted them to, and not that we hoped they ever needed to, but they had the leverage, they had the le-verage in a negotiation with their lend-er to do so. Many of them were seri-ously abused by bundling and all kinds of other things that had happened that it was no longer my home loan from my neighborhood banker or my com-munity banker or something like that. These notes, these mortgages, were sold and sold and sold, so nobody even knew who their lender was. But we, the Congress, refused to give them the right of bankruptcy. 
Here we are again, Madam Speaker, 
these years later since September of 2008 to October of 2015, 7 years later. We have passed that bill that pulled back the financial institutions from their serious meltdown, helping Main Street as well as our financial institu-tions necessary for our economy. We passed the TARP bill, and we passed Dodd-Frank to make sure that the abuses that occurred that caused that meltdown in 2008 would not happen again because of what it did to our economy, to our working families, and to our financial institutions in our country. 
So with Dodd-Frank, we had some-
thing that was really a breakthrough to protect the consumers, that Finan-cial Consumer Protection Agency, and there is something really important, to protect average people, consumers. So when the regulations are released and the private sector said they needed more time, take more time. The ad-
ministrator of the agency said: Okay, take more time. Then our Republican friends said: Oh, no, let’s bring it to the floor and turn it into a bill to take more time. But then, to put this, like a Trojan horse, this bill comes in here with this underbelly of taking away the right of private action for a con-sumer. 
b1515 
How many people have we heard 
from, one reason or another engaged in a contract, a financial transaction, where not the devil was in the details, hell was in the details. Terrible for them, and they had no right of private action. This just isn’t right. 
So we may have our differences of 
opinion as to the amount of regulation or the timing of regulation. That is a legitimate debate for us to have, and to listen to the private sector in our pub-lic-private discussions to make sure that the intent of Congress and the in-tent of protecting the American people is intact. I don’t paint everyone in the private sector with the same brush as I come out against those who say let’s take away that right for consumers to have their day in court. 
So I ask my colleagues, think about 
the consumer, what it means to the consumer to have his or her day in court. We are not supposed to be con-stricting leverage for the consumer in our country; we are supposed to be ex-panding opportunity for them so that when they engage in a transaction, they are respected because they have leverage at the table. Don’t diminish their leverage by passing this legisla-tion. 
I am so pleased that the President’s 
staff has said that they would rec-ommend a veto should this bill come to the President’s desk. Remove all doubt in the consumers’ mind. We are not here to deter them, but to empower them. 
I thank the gentlewoman again for 
her leadership and the members of the committee who have been so protective of America’s consumers, because do you know what? The consumers are the lifeblood of our economy. We are a con-sumer economy. And until consumers have the consumer confidence to in-vest, to spend, to buy a home, to inject demand into the economy, our econ-omy will never turn around. 
We are a middle class economy. We 
are a consumer economy. Let’s strengthen that by voting ‘‘no’’ on this bill and saying ‘‘yes’’ to consumers. We want them to be as strong at the nego-tiating table as they can be. 
With that, I commend the gentle-
woman from California, Ranking Mem-ber W
ATERS . 
Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, 
may I inquire how much time is re-maining on each side? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas has 9
1⁄4minutes re-
maining. The gentlewoman from Cali-fornia has 11
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, 
I yield myself 10 seconds just to say, I know it is the custom of my friends on the other side of the aisle to want to vote on a bill before they read a bill, but I would suggest if they actually read H.R. 3192, they will discover the private right of action is preserved. There is merely a hold harmless sec-tion for those who act in good faith. I would commend to the distinguished minority leader and all Democrats they actually read the bill and they might discover that. 
I now yield 2 minutes to the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ), 
the chairman of our Oversight and In-vestigations Subcommittee. 
Mr. DUFFY. Madam Speaker, I want 
to thank the sponsor of this bill, Mr. H
ILL, for his good work and our chair-
man for driving this legislation. It is bipartisan. 
Listening to the remarks that just 
took place from the minority leader, I know there is a comment, Madam Speaker, about consumers, but I think this is more of a play for the trial bar. Because if this 4-month hold harmless doesn’t move forward, it is the con-sumers who are going to get hurt. It is the divorcee who needs the proceeds from the sale of her home from her husband to actually work on putting her life back together that now won’t have that sale go through. 
In communities like mine in rural 
America where you don’t have really large lenders and large title companies and large Realtors, we have small in-stitutions. It is those communities that are going to be hurt the worst if we don’t have this 4-month hold harm-less. You have given up your lease. You expect to close on a house, and that closing is not going to happen. Or you are getting a new job and you are mov-ing to rural America and you didn’t se-cure a lease because you are buying a house, but you can’t buy a house be-cause you have the whole sector of this base that is not willing to take the risk. 
We are beating a horse here of 1,800- 
plus pages. It is a significant rule. It is very complex, and it baffles me that we wouldn’t make sure that, as the system is implemented, we have a hold harm-less provision, as long as those folks who are imposing new systems are making a good faith effort to comply. 
I think you were listening to the de-
bate. We are all saying the same thing. We want to make sure we protect con-sumers. We want to make sure the pri-
vate sector can actually implement the rule effectively. 
Mr. Cordray has come forward and 
indicated he is in support of a hold harmless, but I think the gentleman from California made a good point. It is not just the exposure that you have on the governmental side. It is also the exposure that you have the private side from private litigation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. HENSARLING. I yield the gen-
tleman an additional 30 seconds. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.047 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6866 October 7, 2015 
Mr. DUFFY. And so I am concerned 
that we will have consumers who are set to buy a home who won’t have that sale go through, and it is those families who are hurt the worst. 
There is a lot of stuff that we have to 
fight about that we disagree on, but it seems like we are so close on this one. Let’s just go forward and do what is right for the consumers and right for the private sector and make sure that we have a 4-month hold harmless provi-sion. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ). 
Mr. ELLISON. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the ranking member of the com-mittee for her hard work on this. 
I urge Members to vote ‘‘no,’’ and the 
reason why is that we have been con-sidering and considering and trying to implement Dodd-Frank for such a long time. Every step of the way we have seen delay. Every step of the way we have seen things that just couldn’t happen now for all these good reasons. But the fact of the matter is that what brought us to Dodd-Frank were serious abuses in the financial industry, and this bill and all the rules associated need to be implemented. 
Now, the Know Before You Owe rule 
is a huge victory for home buyers. It is a good thing for home buyers to know exactly what is going on before they execute on a home loan. Anyone who has bought a home remembers the anx-iety of wondering if they are going to have enough cash to close, to cover all the expenses. They also remember feel-ing bewildered by all of the various fees of $100 or $200, all these surprises. Home buyers need access to clear dis-closures in plenty of time to compari-son shop and challenge junk fees. 
The bill we consider today would re-
move the legal right of homeowners to seek legal redress if they do not receive accurate disclosures until February 2016. The consumer protections are al-ready in place now. We shouldn’t post-pone them. 
If we really want to ‘‘assist’’ home 
buyers—and this bill is ironically called the Homebuyer Assistance Act— don’t postpone what is already in the law today. Home buyers should get a clear home estimate when they apply for the loan. Home buyers should get their actual closing costs 3 days prior to settlement. And if a home buyer is mistreated in the closing process, the home buyer should retain the right to go to court and seek a remedy. 
I remain concerned that home buyers 
are overcharged at closing. Not all; I am not one of those who paints with a broad brush. I believe many of our folks in the industry are excellent, but there are enough exceptions to that to concern all of us. 
I strongly oppose a lot of lenders, 
mortgage brokers, builders who receive a financial benefit for a referral. Affili-ated business arrangements and re-verse competition are not good for home buyers. Consumers need informa-
tion to protect themselves from over-charges and kickback schemes. 
Please stand up for home buyers and 
vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 3192. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, 
I now yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Hampshire (Mr. G
UINTA ). 
Mr. GUINTA. Madam Speaker, I 
thank Chairman H ENSARLING . 
Madam Speaker, I would like to 
thank the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) for introducing this very im-
portant and significant piece of legisla-tion. 
H.R. 3192 acknowledges the learning 
curve that accompanies implementa-tion of any new Federal regulation. 
The TILA-RESPA Integrated Disclo-
sure rule has been in effect now for 4 days. At this early stage, agencies are unable to protect the industry from li-ability risk that will follow during the early days of compliance, and Director Cordray has acknowledged that compli-ance would be difficult during these days of implementation. The loss should take into account Director Cordray’s statement and protect home buyers, sellers, and the industry from regulatory and civil liability as they make good faith efforts to comply with the latest CFPB requirements. 
I met with New Hampshire bankers, 
credit unions, and Realtors in Sep-tember. They shared their concerns about what could happen if, misinter-preting the new rules, they made an unfortunate or unintentional error. 
Compliance costs from other CFPB 
rules currently in effect have hobbled New Hampshire’s financial institu-tions. The risks of this new rule could even lead some to quit the residential lending business, and that has already happened in one circumstance in my district. That means less consumer choice and fewer options for home buy-ers in a shrinking real estate market, inevitably raising the price for the very consumer we try to protect. 
Madam Speaker, I want to remind ev-
eryone that the private right of action is preserved in this piece of legislation and that this bill passed the House Fi-nancial Services Committee on a strong bipartisan vote of 45–13. 
I want to thank Mr. H
ILLand Mr. 
SHERMAN for this legislation. 
I urge my colleagues to vote in favor 
of it to prevent frustrating and costly delays for the American consumer. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I think it is important for us all to 
really understand what is taking place here today. 
First of all, I want to warn against 
misleading information. When we keep hearing that those stack of papers rep-resent the bill—that the bill is 1,800 pages long—that is not the case. As a matter of fact, the chairman of the committee knows that 171 pages are simply sample model forms to say to the banks: These are the kind of forms that you need, and you can take these samples and use them: 63 pages are de-
scription of the rationale behind the rule, why do we have this rule; 15 pages are summarizing the rulemaking proc-ess; 308 pages with section-by-section analysis. 
So that is not the bill, those pages 
that you see, the props that are being used. 
If we go to the beginning of this, you 
have to understand that it was Dodd- Frank that decided they wanted to make this process more easily under-stood by the consumers. Out of the Dodd-Frank legislation, they are the ones that combined both TILA and RESPA into this integrated disclosure form to make it simpler. 
So despite the fact that the banks 
and the industry have—particularly 
the big banks—thousands of employees, millions of dollars, doing big trades, et cetera, et cetera, they said: We really can’t get our act together in the length of time that is given us with this rule. 
So for some of us who thought, well, 
you know, they are very well-staffed, they have a lot of money, they could really do this, but we will take them at their word. And not only that, some of us on the Democratic side said we would take them at their word, Mr. Cordray led the effort in saying, all right, there should be a grace period. 
I don’t care what my chairman said. 
If Mr. Cordray did not say it in the exact words the way that he wanted him to say it, that is just too bad; but the fact of the matter is he did say it, that he would support a grace period, and that is what we have all done. 
So given that he has said that, given 
that we have support for it on the Democratic side and the Republican side, really, there is no need for the bill. This is just taking up precious time and energy for something that is not needed. 
I think I know why there is such a 
fight for this legislation. Because it in-cludes in it something that would pro-tect the lenders even when they make a big mistake. 
b1530 
We talk about good faith, but I want 
to tell you what is included in this In-tegrated Disclosure. People are talking about real issues here. 
Will the loan amount be the same 
that the consumer has agreed upon? Will the interest rate be the same? Or will somehow there be a little mistake; instead of 3.8 in interest rates, it is going to end up 4.2 or 4.3? If that hap-pens, what can the consumer do if you don’t give them the right to go into court? Basically, they can do nothing, and the lender can say ‘‘too bad about that.’’ 
We cannot treat consumers that way. 
We have to give them the right to have their day in court. And even with the burden being on the consumer to have to prove that the lender acted in good faith, the consumer needs to have the right to go and make the case. 
And so my amendment that was not 
allowed in the Rules Committee and we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.048 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6867 October 7, 2015 
did not get a chance to come to the 
floor and debate it because they closed down the rule simply means that my friends on the opposite side of the aisle said: We don’t care what you are say-ing about protecting the consumers. We know that there could be some mis-takes. However, we say, if those mis-takes are made, it was in good faith. They didn’t really mean to do it and, no, the consumer doesn’t have a right to go into the court and make the case. 
That is not right. It should not hap-
pen. 
As our leader has said, we have gone 
through a period of time where this country almost had a depression. We certainly did have a recession because the big banks and too many of the banks and financial institutions in this country came up with all of these ex-otic products. People were misled. They signed on the dotted line for mortgages that many of them could not afford. These mortgages reset, and people ended up paying higher interest rates 6 months or a year after they signed on the dotted line. They didn’t know. They didn’t understand. 
So you can say that the banks who 
treated the consumers this way were acting in good faith and they didn’t in-tend to do it, but we know enough now that we cannot depend on representa-tions of ‘‘I didn’t mean it.’’ If you didn’t mean it, you shouldn’t have done it. And if you did it, you need to be able to be dealt with in a court of law. 
So here we are with this legislation. 
And if you had not put that part in the legislation, there would not even have to be a discussion. You are absolutely right; it could have been on suspension or there could not have been a bill at all. 
But, no, the concern about the con-
sumer is not what appears to be fore-most in the minds of those who would dismiss their opportunity to go to court. We should not treat our con-sumers that way. We should have learned our lesson. We should have learned our lesson. 
Folks who are buying a home maybe 
for the first time and this is the big-gest decision and this is the biggest credit action that they are going to make in their lifetime, they need to have some assurances that they are being treated right. 
Why do you think we have all of 
these disclosure laws? Before these dis-closure laws were developed, people were misled. They ended up with bal-loon payments, prepayment penalties, on and on and on. 
We are saying, yes, let’s have a grace 
period; let’s allow the banks to use this time to get their house in order. They can train their staff. They can get their papers together. We agree to all of that. That is not an issue, and we say it over and over again because we don’t want anybody to be misled that somehow we are standing in the way of the great spirit. We are not doing that. We agree to that. What we are standing in the way of is abuse of our con-
sumers. 
We created this Consumer Financial 
Protection Bureau because our con-sumers did not have the protection that they needed. Our regulators didn’t pay attention to consumers. They were supposed to be there, not only to deal with the possible risks in the system, et cetera, and the consumers, but no-body was looking out for the con-sumers. 
So this is the centerpiece of Dodd- 
Frank reforms, the Consumer Finan-cial Protection Bureau. The center-piece of Dodd-Frank is to protect con-sumers and not allow them to be tricked, not allow them to be misled, not allow them to be prevented from going to court. You can describe it any way that you want to describe it, but the fact of the matter is you are either with the consumers or you are not. 
We on this side of the aisle, for the 
most part, are telling you over and over again that we are with the great spirit. We are not with your actions and that part of the bill that will not allow our consumers to be protected. 
And you can protest all you want. 
You cannot tell me if Ms. Jones, in signing on the dotted line, ends up with a higher interest rate than she thought she was getting and if she does not have the right to go into court, what happens. Who is going to protect her if she does not have the right to go into court and make the case and show that this is not simply an error of a comma or a period? This is an action that does not show good faith. This is an action that will cause me to pay hundreds of more dollars for my loan that I had not anticipated. 
Consumers should not be treated that 
way. Consumers should be protected in every possible way that we can be-cause, in the final analysis, that is why they send us to Congress, to be able to be their voice, to speak for them. We on this side of the aisle will continue to do that in spite of the tricks of the trade that are being employed by oth-ers. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, 
how much time do I have remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas has 4
1⁄2minutes re-
maining. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, 
I yield myself the balance of my time. 
H.R. 3192, the Homebuyers Assistance 
Act, is bipartisan. Half of the Demo-crats on the House Financial Services Committee supported it. Over 200 Mem-bers of this body wrote to the head of the CFPB asking for a hold harmless period. 
So what we have is a modest, bipar-
tisan bill that says, you know what? For 120 days—actually, fewer than 120 days now, Madam Speaker—for those who in good faith are trying to imple-ment the most dramatic changes in our disclosure laws in a decade, if they act in good faith, you know what, for 120 days we are going to let you get your systems in. We are going to hold you 
harmless as long as you are acting in good faith. 
If you purposely violate the law, if 
you intentionally violate the law, that is something different. But if you are acting in good faith, you know, during this transition period, during this roll-out, we are going to hold you harmless because we want to help people close their homes. 
We want people to be able to partake 
in that portion of the American Dream, which is home ownership. And whether you call it rule, guidance, forms, there are 1,888 pages of text from the CFPB that must be digested by all kinds of very expensive attorneys that have to be integrated into the information technology systems. There are 1,888 pages, courtesy of the CFPB, in order to simplify forms. 
Madam Speaker, it is a good idea to 
simplify forms. I am not sure the CFPB got it right. The bottom line is the CFPB prevented people in the industry from even having a trial of their sys-tems. They were not allowed to go live before October 3. So this is the first time they have had to do it. 
If anything, the Federal Government 
ought to know something about failed rollouts. Look at ObamaCare. Yet, somehow, those people were held harm-less for the mistakes they made on rolling out something that was very complex. 
What is going to happen here if we 
don’t pass this bill? Again, I have talked to people in Texas involved in the industry. What I heard at a work-shop dealing with this Integrated Dis-closure rule, a gentleman from El Paso indicated their institution was going to stop residential mortgage lending for a time ‘‘until they could get a good feel-ing for how the regulations were going to be officially interpreted.’’ 
I know my friends on the other side 
of the aisle keep talking about this grace period from Mr. Cordray. I don’t see it. He appeared before our com-mittee just days ago and said, ‘‘I don’t think it is appropriate for me to say I won’t enforce the law when my job is to enforce the law.’’ I didn’t find the words ‘‘grace period’’ anywhere there, Madam Speaker, so it doesn’t exist. And if it did, the worst they can say about this bill is it is redundant. 
People who have been wronged by 
those who act purposely have a right to private litigation, but that doesn’t ap-pear in RESPA; it only appears in TILA. And you can’t tell me, in these new forms, which is which. You can’t tell me, and so it is completely con-fusing. 
So it comes down to this, Madam 
Speaker: Whose side are you on? Are you on the side of the wealthy, liti-gious trial lawyers who are looking for their next big class-action payday? Are you looking to help low-and moderate- income people who have worked hard to put together a nest egg to finally save for their piece of the American Dream? Who are you for? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.050 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6868 October 7, 2015 
Well, I am happy that at least half of 
the Democrats on this committee that serve with the ranking member have said: You know what? We want to be with the homeowner. We don’t nec-essarily want to be with the litigious trial attorneys. So that is really the choice we are making here. It is, again, Madam Speaker, such a modest bipar-tisan bill. 
I have heard the ranking member say 
it is a waste of time. Well, then, why didn’t she yield back her time? 
This should be on what we call the 
suspension calendar. Something that is bipartisan and modest should have been on the suspension calendar and should have already been taken care of. But somebody wishes to protect the wealthy trial attorneys. 
So you have got to make a choice, 
Madam Speaker, and I hope that the House today comes down thoroughly on the side of the American home buyer and enacts H.R. 3192 from the gentleman from Arkansas. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Madam Speaker, 
there is no doubt reform of TILA and RESPA is needed. Change has been advocated by all parties, and by Members on both sides of the aisle. 
Like many of you, I continue to hear from 
lenders, real estate professionals, and title in-surance companies in my district that third parties were not frilly prepared for the October 3rd implementation of TRID. This is particu-larly true for small businesses with fewer re-sources. 
Beyond preparedness issues, there remain 
questions over TRID processes and associ-ated liability. Countless concerns have also been raised over the lack of a formalized re-strained enforcement period. A hold harmless period would allow a better understanding of the changes associated with TRID, and help to ensure consumer confidence and stability in the housing market. 
In addition to a wide array of financial serv-
ices industries, a bipartisan group of law-makers has expressed the need for a hold harmless period like the one included in H.R. 3192. In fact, more than 250 Members of Con-gress, 92 of whom were Democrats, ex-pressed strong support for the idea in a letter led by Mr. B
ARR of Kentucky and Mrs. M ALO-
NEYof New York. 
CFPB Director Richard Cordray indicated in 
an April 22nd letter that the Bureau ‘‘expects to continue working with industry . . . to an-swer questions, provide guidance, and evalu-ate any issues . . .’’, but that he would not use his authority to institute a grace period. 
This summer, a bipartisan group of Finan-
cial Services Committee members met with Director Cordray to make an appeal for a commonsense approach to implementation of this rule. The request was reiterated at a Committee hearing just last week. In both in-stances, Director Cordray indicated that he would institute a hold harmless period; and in both instances, despite assurances, he failed to do so. 
The changes to the home-buying process in 
TRID will affect millions of Americans. We owe it to consumers to ensure that the rule put in place serves its purpose without causing unin-tended consequences. The practice of buying or selling a home is 
confusing. Buyers and sellers put pen to paper on pages they’ve not read and don’t under-stand. Make no mistake, we all believe the procedure needs to change; but, on something this important, CFPB needs to move slowly and deliberately, taking into account concerns from consumer groups and industry alike. 
It’s my sincere hope that implementation of 
this rule moves forward without complication; however, the unfortunate reality is that a change of this magnitude will create issues for consumers, lenders, and the CFPB alike. 
I want to thank the gentleman from Arkan-
sas, Mr. H
ILL, and the gentleman from Cali-
fornia, Mr. S HERMAN , for their work on this leg-
islation, as well as the many other Members, including Mr. P
EARCE of New Mexico, for their 
leadership on this front. 
This is not a partisan issue; it’s a consumer 
issue, a small business issue. I ask my col-leagues for their support of H.R. 3192. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 462, 
the previous question is ordered on the bill. 
The question is on engrossment and 
third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. MOULTON. Madam Speaker, I 
have a motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentleman opposed to the bill? 
Mr. MOULTON. Madam Speaker, I 
am opposed in its current form. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Moulton moves to recommit the bill 
H.R. 3192 to the Committee on Financial Services with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: 
Add at the end of the bill the following new 
section: 
SEC. 3. PROTECTING SERVICEMEMBERS AND 
OTHERS. 
The safe harbor provided by section 2 shall 
not apply to private suits filed by servicemembers, veterans, seniors, students, and family members of servicemembers, vet-erans, seniors, and students. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Massachusetts is recognized for 5 min-utes in support of his motion. 
Mr. MOULTON. Madam Speaker, this 
is the final amendment to the bill. It will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will proceed immediately to final passage as amended. 
We all agree that the men and women 
who serve in our Nation’s military should be afforded every opportunity to live the American Dream that they risked their lives to defend. Unfortu-nately, too often our servicemembers, veterans, and their families fall victim to unfair and abusive financial prac-tices. 
In 2014 alone, the Consumer Finan-
cial Protection Bureau received more than 17,000 complaints from service-
members, veterans, and their families on a variety of issues, from deceptive subprime auto lending to troublesome credit card fees and predatory mort-gage loans. That same year, the CFPB was able to return more than $1.6 mil-lion to these families. The CFPB is a vital watchdog for American con-sumers. 
b1545 
The bill before us today would delay 
the enforcement of the CFPB’s rule re-garding disclosures that mortgage lenders must provide to home buyers. Additionally, the bill would perma-nently eliminate a borrower’s ability to enforce his or her legal rights if a lender fails to disclose or obscures im-
portant information for all loans origi-nated over the next 5 months so long as the error is made ‘‘in good faith,’’ a term that the bill does not define and that substantially narrows existing protections for consumers afforded under the Truth in Lending Act. 
The mortgage industry has had near-
ly 2 years to implement these new dis-closure requirements and was given an additional grace period this year. De-spite assurances from the CFPB Direc-tor that the agency would implement a restrained enforcement process that takes into account the industry’s good faith effort to comply, this legislation could leave millions of American home buyers without the legal protections to which all citizens are entitled. 
The amendment I am offering today 
would allow our servicemembers, vet-erans, seniors, and students—some of our Nation’s most vulnerable popu-lations—with the opportunity to seek their day in court if a mortgage lender acts in bad faith. 
As we learned following the 2008 fi-
nancial crisis, far too often the people with the fewest resources pay the heaviest price when they are deceived by bad actors in the financial market-place. 
While reasonable people can disagree 
on the merits of the underlying bill, I hope we can all agree that our service-members, veterans, students, and sen-iors deserve the consumer financial protections the CFPB offers. 
That is what this amendment would 
help to achieve, and I urge your sup-port. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, 
I rise in opposition to the motion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, 
again, this underlying bill, H.R. 3192, modest, bipartisan. Grace period for those who act in good faith in trying to implement the most dramatic changes in our real estate disclosure laws in a decade, 1,888 pages worth. 
We know, Madam Speaker, if we do 
not enact this bill, people are going to be denied homeownership opportuni-ties. We have already heard within our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.051 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6869 October 7, 2015 
committee. We have heard from our 
constituents already. For example: 
Large lenders have already announced they 
are not going to do one-time closings any-more due to the uncertainty. 
That comes from an individual in 
Tyler, Texas. 
I quoted earlier one from El Paso, 
who stated: 
Presented in El Paso, an institution is 
going to stop residential mortgage lending for a time until they can get a good feeling on how the regulation is going to be offi-cially interpreted. 
Americans are being denied home-
ownership opportunities, and all the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL), 
the author of H.R. 3192, says is: Let’s have, for those who operate in good faith, a temporary grace period in try-ing to roll this out. 
So what the motion to recommit 
does—and I know this is not the gentle-man’s purpose, but what his motion to recommit does, if adopted by the House, is actually discriminate against the very people that he says he wishes to help because now, all of a sudden, it is going to be our servicemembers, our veterans, our seniors, our students, and family members of servicemembers, veterans, seniors, and students who are going to be denied their homeowner-ship opportunities. 
Now, maybe in the gentleman’s dis-
trict they prefer the lawsuit. In my dis-trict, in the Fifth District of Texas, they prefer the homeownership oppor-tunity. Any bad actors can still be sued under TILA in a private right-of-ac-tion, but when we are trying to ensure that people are not denied their home-ownership opportunities, why would we want to discriminate against our serv-icemembers and veterans? Because all of a sudden, then, there is extra liabil-ity. 
So everybody will know now that if 
you are going to lend on a home mort-gage to a veteran, you are going to have extra liability. Are you going to make that loan? Are you going to charge them more? This House should reject any discrimination against our servicemembers, veterans, seniors, stu-dents, and family members of service-members, veterans, seniors, and stu-dents, and reject this motion to recom-mit. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. MOULTON. Madam Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of today, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE 
A message from the Senate by Ms. 
Byrd, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate agrees to the report of the committee of conference on the dis-agreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 1735) ‘‘An Act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes.’’. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF ESTABLISHING A SELECT IN-VESTIGATIVE PANEL OF THE COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, by direc-
tion of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 461 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 461 
Resolved, That there is hereby established a 
Select Investigative Panel of the Committee on Energy and Commerce (hereinafter ‘‘se-lect panel’’). 
S
EC. 2. (a) The select panel shall be com-
posed of not more than 13 Members, Dele-gates, or the Resident Commissioner ap-pointed by the Speaker, of whom not more than five shall be appointed on the rec-ommendation of the minority leader. Any vacancy in the select panel shall be filled in the same manner as the original appoint-ment. 
(b) Each member appointed to the select 
panel shall be treated as though a member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce for purposes of the select panel. 
(c) No member may serve on the select 
panel in an ex officio capacity. 
(d) The Speaker shall designate as chair of 
the select panel a member elected to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
S
EC. 3. (a) The select panel is authorized 
and directed to conduct a full and complete investigation and study and issue a final re-port of its findings (and such interim reports as it may deem necessary) regarding— 
(1) medical procedures and business prac-
tices used by entities involved in fetal tissue procurement; 
(2) any other relevant matters with respect 
to fetal tissue procurement; 
(3) Federal funding and support for abor-
tion providers; 
(4) the practices of providers of second and 
third trimester abortions, including partial birth abortion and procedures that may lead to a child born alive as a result of an at-tempted abortion; 
(5) medical procedures for the care of a 
child born alive as a result of an attempted abortion; and 
(6) any changes in law or regulation nec-
essary as a result of any findings made under this subsection. 
(b) The chair of the Committee on Energy 
and Commerce shall cause any such report to be printed and made publicly available in electronic form. 
S
EC. 4. Rule XI and the rules of the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce shall apply to the select panel in the same manner as a subcommittee except as follows: 
(1) The chair of the select panel may au-
thorize and issue subpoenas pursuant to clause 2(m) of rule XI in the investigation 
and study conducted pursuant to section 3, including for the purpose of taking deposi-tions. 
(2) The chair of the select panel, upon con-
sultation with the ranking minority mem-ber, may order the taking of depositions, under oath and pursuant to notice or sub-poena, by a member of the select panel or a counsel of the select panel. Such depositions shall be governed by the regulations issued by the chair of the Committee on Rules pur-suant to section 3(b)(2) of House Resolution 5, One Hundred Fourteenth Congress, and printed in the Congressional Record. The se-lect panel shall be deemed to be a committee for purposes of such regulations. 
(3) The chair of the select panel may, after 
consultation with the ranking minority member, recognize— 
(A) members of the select panel to question 
a witness for periods longer than five min-utes as though pursuant to clause 2(j)(2)(B) of rule XI; and 
(B) staff of the select panel to question a 
witness as though pursuant to clause 2(j)(2)(C) of rule XI. 
S
EC. 5. Service on the select panel shall not 
count against the limitations in clause 5(b)(2)(A) of rule X. 
S
EC. 6. The select panel shall cease to exist 
30 days after filing the final report required under section 3. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from North Carolina is rec-ognized for 1 hour. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, for the 
purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
LAUGHTER ), pend-
ing which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members 
have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, H. Res. 
461 provides for the creation of a select investigative panel of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. The resolu-tion ensures the House exercises one of its most fundamental constitutional responsibilities: oversight of the use of Federal funds and compliance with Federal law. 
Undercover investigations have re-
vealed that an organization that re-ceives hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars annually, Planned Parenthood, has also been taking the remains of un-born children and selling them to tis-sue collection firms. 
Its staff has reportedly even altered 
their medical procedures to more effec-tively dismember unborn children, with one abortionist saying: ‘‘We have been very good at getting heart, lung, liver...because we know that, so I’m not gonna crush that part, I’m gonna basically crush below, I’m gonna crush above, and I’m gonna see if I can get it all intact.’’ 
There are also allegations that chil-
dren may have been born alive and left to die in order to harvest their tissue. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.054 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6870 October 7, 2015 
How can we in Congress ignore these 
charges? It is clear that a full inves-tigation is not only warranted, but im-perative, into these issues. Even if these abortion providers somehow managed to comply with all Federal laws while dismembering children, it is clear we need to learn more about their barbaric tactics so we can amend those laws and ensure practices like these never happen again, particularly by or-ganizations receiving millions from U.S. taxpayers. 
Madam Speaker, in order to effec-
tively continue the oversight that the House has begun into these issues, H. Res. 461 would establish a select inves-tigative panel at the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce to provide a full investigation and study into these alle-gations. This panel would be made up of 13 members appointed by the Speak-er, 5 of which will be by the rec-ommendation of the minority leader and chaired by a member of the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. Its operations will not require any addi-tional appropriations of funds. 
The investigation will be focused on 
medical procedures and business prac-tices of entities involved in fetal tissue procurement; Federal funding and sup-port for abortion providers; practices of providers of second- and third-tri-mester abortions, including partial birth abortions; medical care provided to children born alive as a result of an attempted abortion; and necessary changes in law or regulation identified by this investigation. 
b1600 
This type of investigation or special 
panel is far from unprecedented. When in the majority, my colleagues across the aisle formed the Select Intelligence Oversight Panel under the Appropria-tions Committee as well as a Select Committee on Energy Independence and Global Warming. 
The creation of a select investigative 
panel on the issues surrounding the sale of unborn children’s tissue is clearly within precedent, and I hope Members on both sides of the aisle will agree that we must get to the bottom of this. 
We have seen video evidence of chil-
dren being dismembered to facilitate the sale of their hearts and other or-gans. Few issues can make us come to-gether like our children. It is my hope that our partisan battles will cease for a brief moment to enable us to have a full investigation into the fate of chil-dren at the most vulnerable time of their lives. 
Even for those who support abortion 
on demand, it should be simple to unite behind the principle that organizations receiving hundreds of millions in tax-payer funds are subject to congres-sional oversight, particularly when their divisive practices may violate Federal law and are, frankly, barbaric. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
resolution and the resulting investiga-tion. I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, creating a select com-
mittee to investigate Planned Parent-hood is a journey with no end, a solu-tion in search of a problem. 
Congressman C
HAFFETZ , who is chair 
of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, held a hear-ing 2 weeks ago that lasted over 5 hours and relentlessly badgered the president of Planned Parenthood, the only witness. Cecile Richards com-ported herself so well. But despite that, we are going to do this again. 
Mr. C
HAFFETZ was asked by CNN’s 
Wolf Blitzer after the hearing, ‘‘Is there any evidence, in your opinion, that Planned Parenthood has broken any law?’’ Mr. C
HAFFETZ responded, 
‘‘No, I’m not suggesting they broke the law.’’ 
So if they haven’t broken the law, 
what are we doing here? Why do we in-vestigate over and over? There are three committees in the House right now investigating Planned Parenthood. 
We have spent the day trying to get 
our colleagues to stop putting on these select committees, which do not com-ply with the way things have always been to be fair to both sides of the com-mittee and let Democrats have the same kind of benefit of information as they have. 
This one, though, I think is even 
worse because it gives subpoena power to the head of what is basically a sub-committee of the Energy and Com-merce Committee that is unilateral. We have never seen that before. 
So why do we spend time and funds 
and resources investigating an organi-zation that we know has done nothing wrong? Because we are dealing with a majority obsessed with taking con-stitutionally protected health care away from women, many of whom, I may add, are poor. 
If you add that to the 54, 55 votes to 
do away with a healthcare bill called ObamaCare, apparently, the major ob-session of the majority is to take health care away from people. That is a little hard to comprehend, since we all represent about 750,000 constituents who I don’t think would be happy about that. 
So every time we attack Planned 
Parenthood, remember that you are at-tacking one in five American women who have used Planned Parenthood. 
Whether it is a select committee or 
intentionally misleading data, this ma-jority will use any tactic necessary. In fact, the tactics Mr. C
HAFFETZ used a 
week ago were resoundingly discred-ited. His hearing materials—one chart in particular—was so misleading that the press called it words that I am not allowed to say on the floor of the House. 
Is that what we expect from this se-
lect committee? Let me say, for one, it is certainly what I expect. A flippant disregard for truth goes against what we have come here to Congress to do. 
We came to govern, uphold the Con-stitution of the United States, and to do our best domestically. 
We are not doing our best domesti-
cally. We have no budget. As a friend of mine said today, this is a majority that can’t build bridges, roads, or highways, but can sure build select committees. 
This House majority decides to spend 
the time, money, and resources of the taxpayers attempting to cut funding for the same idea that has not hap-
pened for 39 years. Remember, this has not happened for 39 years. 
Since the appearance of the Hyde 
amendment, not a single Federal dollar has been spent on abortion, except in very, very rare cases to save the life of the mother. That is right. 
Contrary to what the majority would 
have the American public believe, Planned Parenthood spends zero Fed-eral dollars on abortions today. That is what the majority select committee will investigate. For 39 years, that law has never been broken. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS ). 
Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 461. This resolution would cre-ate a select panel to investigate a num-ber of claims related to Planned Par-enthood’s activities involving abortion and fetal tissue procurement. 
Like many Americans, I was horri-
fied by the recent videos which de-picted Planned Parenthood employees callously discussing the trafficking and sale of aborted babies’ tissues and or-gans. 
As a mother of four, I know that 
nothing is more sacred than the gift of human life, and any organization that puts a price on unborn children must be held accountable. 
As a member of the House Judiciary 
Committee, I am actively involved in the House investigation examining the atrocities committed by Planned Par-enthood. While we are continuing to gather information and determine the exact nature of the organization’s ac-tions, one thing is certain. These prac-tices represent a blatant disregard for innocent life, and they must be stopped. 
By establishing a select panel, we can 
ensure that we have the proper tools and time needed to uncover the truth, bring accountability to the organiza-tion, and justice to the most innocent among us. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OE 
of Texas). The time of the gentle-woman has expired. 
Ms. FOXX. I yield the gentlewoman 
an additional 15 seconds. 
Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. I 
urge my colleagues to support this measure and to stand with me in the fight to defend innocent human life. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UMMINGS ), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.057 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6871 October 7, 2015 
the distinguished ranking member of 
the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform as well as the Select Benghazi Committee. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. I thank the gentle-
woman for yielding. 
As the ranking member of the Select 
Committee on Benghazi and the House Oversight Committee, I rise in strong opposition to this proposal by House Republicans to establish yet another new select panel to ramp up their base-less and politically motivated attacks against Planned Parenthood. 
Last week two senior Republicans, 
both of whom are now competing to be-come the next Speaker of the House, made stunning admissions on national television within 24 hours of each other. 
First, Majority Leader K
EVIN MCCAR-
THY admitted that House Republicans 
established the Benghazi Select Com-mittee to use millions of dollars in tax-payer funds to damage Hillary Clin-ton’s bid for President. 
The next day the chairman of the 
Oversight Committee, Chairman C
HAFFETZ , admitted on national tele-
vision that there is no evidence that Planned Parenthood has violated any laws, despite months of investigations. 
Let me repeat that. The chairman of 
the chief investigative committee that has been investigating Planned Parent-hood for months admitted on national television that there is no evidence that Planned Parenthood violated any laws. His admission is consistent with the findings of multiple State inves-tigations in Georgia, Indiana, Massa-chusetts, Pennsylvania, Missouri, and South Dakota, all of which have cleared Planned Parenthood of wrong-doing. 
I ask my colleagues, if the top inves-
tigator in the House of Representatives says there is no evidence against Planned Parenthood, why in the world are we considering a proposal to set up a new select panel? I think the answer is the same here as it was with Benghazi. It is simply politics. 
These stark Republican admissions 
obviously argue against continuing with these taxpayer-funded political attacks. Yet, House Republicans are proposing exactly the opposite. 
They have already squandered more 
than $4.5 million on the Benghazi Se-lect Committee in one of the longest, least productive, and most partisan congressional investigations in history. 
Now they want to use the same ter-
rible model to attack the rights of mil-lions of women across the country who rely on Planned Parenthood for cancer screenings, breast exams, and other critical healthcare services every year. 
Planned Parenthood has cooperated 
with every aspect of the congressional investigations to date. They have pro-duced tens of thousands of pages of documents. Planned Parenthood presi-dent Cecile Richards testified volun-tarily for nearly 5 hours before the Oversight Committee. Even Chairman C
HAFFETZ conceded that she has been ‘‘very cooperative with the investiga-
tion.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. I yield the gen-
tleman an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. So, again, why do 
we need this new panel? Based on Planned Parenthood’s exemplary record of cooperation, the tens of thou-sands of pages of documents the orga-nization has produced in response to congressional requests, and the lack of any evidence that the group has vio-lated any laws, there is simply no le-gitimate basis to adopt this proposal. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, it is those Members 
across the aisle who raise the issue of Benghazi that are playing politics by trying to distract Americans from the actual issue we are debating today. 
The purpose of this resolution is to 
establish a select panel consistent with past precedent under Democrat majori-ties to ensure that this House conducts a thorough investigation into the prac-tices surrounding fetal tissue procure-ment and federally funded organiza-tions that participate in these prac-tices. 
Taxpayers deserve to know what 
their hard-earned dollars fund. It is in-cumbent upon us, as Representatives, to ensure that Federal funds are di-rected only to organizations that oper-ate fully within the law. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentlewoman from North Carolina (Mrs. E
LLMERS ). 
Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from North Carolina for allowing me to speak on the floor today during this rule debate. 
As a sitting member of the Energy 
and Commerce Committee, I am proud to see my committee taking the lead on the investigation of Planned Par-enthood. As a woman, a nurse, and a mother, I have fully supported the de-cision to defund Planned Parenthood. But as a representative of the people, our responsibilities are more than that. We have a responsibility to ask ques-tions that will produce answers. 
Our constituents deserve to know 
how this organization is using Federal funds, and they deserve to know which medical services they are actually pro-viding to women. In forming this panel, we will begin finding the facts and hold Planned Parenthood accountable. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gen-
tleman from Washington (Mr. S MITH), 
the distinguished ranking member of the Committee on Armed Services. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise in opposition to this resolution. 
As a member of the Benghazi panel, I 
think what we have learned from the Benghazi panel is that this House ma-jority is not to be trusted when it comes to forming special investigatory panels. Basically, they form them for purely partisan reasons, as Representa-
tive McCarthy admitted just last week. 
The second point here is one that has 
been made repeatedly. There is no evi-dence whatsoever that Planned Parent-hood has violated the law. 
So what exactly is it exactly that we 
are investigating? Even the chairman of the House Committee on Oversight has admitted there is no evidence that Planned Parenthood has violated the law. 
Third, there is a House Committee on 
Oversight and Government Reform. In fact, just about every committee in Congress has an oversight function. 
So why don’t we use that instead of 
wasting taxpayer dollars on something like the Benghazi Committee, which is admittedly breaking all kind of records in terms of wasting taxpayer dollars? But we don’t need to pile on with an-other wasteful committee. 
b1615 
If you want to investigate this, do it 
through the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. Do it through the existing committees. 
Lastly, it is incredibly important to 
point out that Planned Parenthood performs enormously important serv-ices to women in this country. They provide much-needed health care to poor women and much-needed family planning to poor women. 
You should have a family when you 
want a family. If you are not prepared to take care of children, then family planning makes an enormous amount of sense. In fact, what it does is it pre-vents abortions. It stops women from getting pregnant when they are not ready to have children. It goes after precisely the issue that the majority is most concerned about, to prevent abor-tions. 
Planned Parenthood deserves our 
support, not another wasteful, tax-payer-funded, partisan investigation. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, the House committees 
who have investigated this issue thus far have done good work, but it is clear that much remains to be done. At En-ergy and Commerce in particular, the Subcommittee on Oversight and Inves-tigations has the task of conducting meaningful and necessary oversight of several other matters within the juris-diction of the committee. 
Given the large number of expected 
documents to be reviewed and inter-views to be conducted, the select inves-tigative panel will permit this nec-essary investigation to continue with-out impairing the other important work of the Oversight and Investiga-tions Subcommittee at the Energy and Commerce Committee. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ). 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentlewoman from North Carolina for her leadership on this issue. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.061 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6872 October 7, 2015 
She spoke a little bit earlier about 
the structure and the organization of the investigative panel, and I want to go back to that and help to make the point because sometimes I think, in our passion and the emotions as we talk about bills, we begin to attribute to legislation jurisdiction that may not be there. 
This is a small bill. It is very explicit 
in how the energy of the investigative panel is going to be utilized. There are 
six items that they are being tasked to investigate. 
Number 1, medical procedures and 
business practices used by entities in-volved in fetal tissue procurement. We know there are questions that surround this, whether it is a not-for-profit or a for-profit entity. 
Number 2, any other matters with re-
spect to fetal tissue procurement. 
Number 3, Federal funding and sup-
port for abortion providers. 
Number 4, the practices of providers 
of second- and third-trimester abor-tions, including partial-birth abortion procedures that may lead to a child born alive as a result of an attempted abortion. 
Number 5, medical procedures for the 
care of a child born alive as a result of an attempted abortion. 
And number 6 will be any changes in 
law or regulation necessary as a result of any of the findings which are there from the committee. 
I want to clearly state this is about 
getting answers of how we treat and protect life in this country. 
The select panel will act to cen-
tralize the investigations that are at the Energy and Commerce Committee, Judiciary and Oversight Committees, and bring it all under one umbrella. 
Over the past several weeks, we have 
had lots of serious questions. They are troubling questions that have been asked. I think that the investigations we have had have raised a lot of those questions. 
It is imperative that we centralize 
these operations and bring it together under one umbrella. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume because I have some important information that I got recently that I want to bring to my colleagues’ crit-ical attention. 
The chairman of the Committee on 
Oversight and Government Reform, Congressman J
ASON CHAFFETZ , has in 
his possession right now a computer hard drive that contains videos pro-duced by David Daleiden, the head of the group that tried to entrap Planned Parenthood. 
Those videos are official committee 
records, but Chairman C
HAFFETZ is re-
fusing to give the Democratic Members a copy of those videos. 
On September 22, Chairman 
C
HAFFETZ issued a subpoena to Mr. 
Daleiden, who is the Executive Direc-tor of the Center for Medical Progress. The subpoena demanded that Mr. Daleiden provide all of his unedited video footage. We believe that the videos will show 
how Mr. Daleiden deceptively edited his videotapes to distort the truth, but those tapes are being hidden away. It appears that the Republicans do not want the Democrats to be able to see these videos. 
Chairman C
HAFFETZ ’s subpoena ex-
plicitly required that a copy of the vid-eos be provided to both the Repub-licans and Democrats. Specifically, paragraph 18 of the subpoena’s schedule instructions stated, ‘‘Two sets of docu-ments shall be delivered, one set to the Majority Staff, and one set to the Mi-nority Staff.’’ 
On Friday, September 25, 2015, Mr. 
Daleiden delivered those videos to the committee, but provided them only to the Republicans. He did not provide a copy to Democrats, a direct violation of the subpoena. 
Chairman C
HAFFETZ and his staff 
members then refused to open the package until today, two weeks later, and now the chairman’s staff is refus-ing to allow Democrat Members to have a copy of the videos that are only in his possession. 
So I have a couple of questions I need 
to ask here. On what authority are the Republicans refusing to provide the Democrat Members of the body a copy of the videos? 
And we know that Republicans actu-
ally have no authority to do that. 
By the chairman’s own subpoena, 
Democrats are entitled to a copy. That is explicit in his subpoena. 
Another question that we must ask 
of our colleagues is: Last night at the Rules Committee, Representative M
AR-
SHA BLACKBURN said the intent of es-
tablishing a select committee is ‘‘to bring all the work under one panel.’’ 
Now, we know that Energy and Com-
merce has a hearing scheduled for to-morrow, according to one of the mem-bers. What we need to know is: Will Chairman C
HAFFETZ be permitted to 
continue his investigation of Planned Parenthood if the select committee is in existence? 
And how will that bring all the work 
under one panel if he is allowed to con-tinue his own investigation if the En-ergy and Commerce Committee are al-lowed to bring theirs? 
I would like to know if the chairman 
would assure Members of this body that he plans to immediately provide a copy of these videos to Democrats, as required by his own subpoena, so that all Members of the committee have equal access. 
And I also need to know whether the 
chairman will be required under this resolution to immediately provide the videos to the new select panel today. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from Maryland (Mr. V
AN 
HOLLEN ), the distinguished ranking 
member of the Committee on the Budg-et. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
want to thank the ranking member for bringing those troubling revelations to the attention of the House. It shows what a sham process this has been from 
the beginning. 
Mr. Speaker, we have got a lot of 
work to do in this Congress. We have got to come together with a budget agreement to keep the government open, to invest in our economy, to deal with modernizing our transportation infrastructure in this country. 
Yet, what are Republicans bringing 
to the floor? Another measure to cre-ate another so-called select committee to investigate Planned Parenthood, when, as we have heard today, three other House committees have already done that. And what has been the sum total of that investigation? 
Well, the chairman of the Oversight 
and Government Reform Committee told us on national television when he was asked if Planned Parenthood had broken any laws, ‘‘No, I’m not sug-
gesting they broke the law.’’ 
So when you don’t get the answer 
you want, what do you do? Create an-other special committee. 
Rather than creating a special com-
mittee, the Government and Oversight Committee owes an apology to Cecile Richards, the president of Planned Par-enthood, for dragging her through a committee process that was disrespect-ful, where the chairman of the com-mittee began with a chart that PolitiFact determined was a pants-on- fire misrepresentation. That is the most untrue ranking you can get from PolitiFact, Pants on Fire. 
That was the gist of that hearing. 
And now we are learning today possible nondisclosure of certain documents. So what is happening here? 
As the late Yogi Berra would say, 
‘‘This is deja vu all over again.’’ 
They had many committees inves-
tigating Benghazi to try to get to the bottom of a tragedy in the House and the Senate, and all those committees concluded there was no wrongdoing. 
And so what did our Republican col-
league do? Spent $5 million on a special committee on Benghazi, which, the Ma-jority Leader just announced the other day on national television, was simply about politics, simply about hurting Secretary Clinton. So that is what this is all about. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. I yield the gen-
tleman another 1 minute. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. I want to thank 
the ranking member. 
So that is what this all boils down to. 
When committees in the House and the Senate investigated Benghazi—and not just any committees—the Defense Committee, the Intelligence Commit-tees in the House and the Senate—they all concluded that the allegations were false, that it was a terrible, awful trag-edy in Benghazi, but nobody was in-volved in any wrongdoing. 
When they didn’t get the answer they 
wanted then, Special Committee on Benghazi, which, as we heard, turned out to be all about politics. And that is exactly what is happening now with Planned Parenthood. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.063 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6873 October 7, 2015 
Mr. C HAFFETZ just announced the re-
sults of all the hearings on Planned Parenthood. No violation of the law. 
And so what do you do when you 
don’t get the answer you want? Let’s spend more taxpayer money on another special committee. This is a kangaroo court. This is a misuse of public funds. 
So, Mr. Speaker, let’s get on with the 
business of the House. Let’s focus on the economy. Let’s come together with a budget agreement to keep the gov-ernment open. 
Let’s do the real work of the Amer-
ican people and not run a McCarthy- like hearing against Planned Parent-hood and women’s health. Let’s do what we should be doing, Mr. Speaker. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. P
ITTS). 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of the resolution. 
This summer 10 videos were released 
that showed high-level executives at major organizations, including Planned Parenthood, StemExpress, Advanced BioResources, speaking candidly about the activities that violate Federal law. 
They speak of using ‘‘less crunchy 
abortion techniques’’ to preserve or-gans, of ‘‘crushing’’ certain body parts in order to spare others, and of chil-dren killed after they ‘‘fell out,’’ that is, after being born alive. 
It is interesting to hear people criti-
cize the videos that haven’t even watched the videos. These 10 videos constitute sufficient grounds for prob-able cause that criminal activity has occurred. 
Subsequently, thanks to the leader-
ship of the Judiciary Committee, Over-sight and Government Reform Com-mittee, and the Energy and Commerce Committee, the House has begun to in-vestigate the scope and prevalence of these activities. 
Congressional discovery has already 
yielded important and revealing testi-mony. This House, as a body, has al-ready voted to stop giving taxpayer funding to abortion providers and to ban late-term abortions, which are the abortions that yield the highly devel-oped organs sought for medical experi-mentation. 
Deniers of the unborn child’s human-
ity or their human right to life have tried to ignore the clear evidence al-ready uncovered about fetal organ pro-curement. The deniers have tried to discredit the videos that they are too horrified to watch. The videos speak for themselves. 
The deniers have tried to create dis-
tractions. They insult pro-life Ameri-cans. They make excuses. No wonder, then, that the deniers oppose this panel. They don’t want the truth to come out. 
Whether you consider yourself pro- 
life or pro-choice, you should want the truth to come out. This debate ought to be settled by the facts. 
It is Congress’ duty to the American 
people that we find out the truth, espe-cially as it pertains to the deaths of millions of innocent Americans and 
half a billion dollars in annual tax-payer funding. That will be the task and purpose of this select committee. 
We, as a legislative body, rely on 
good information. We ought to base our actions on the facts. 
I urge support for the resolution. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I 
will insert into the R
ECORD a copy of a 
letter to Speaker J OHN BOEHNER from 
Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. R OSADELAURO , 
and myself on this issue. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, October 5, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
M
R. SPEAKER : We are very concerned about 
the hearing that House Republicans con-ducted in the Oversight and Government Re-form Committee involving Planned Parent-hood on September 29, 2015. Notwithstanding the absence of any wrongdoing, its Presi-dent, Ms. Cecile Richards was cross-exam-ined and accosted with personal questions and accusations for 4
1⁄2hours while con-
stantly being interrupted. This hearing was not ‘‘oversight’’ it was a witch hunt against her personally and an ideological attack on a critical provider of women’s health care. 
It became apparent that the Republicans’ 
intentions were not to investigate Planned Parenthood’s receipt of federal dollars when shortly after her opening remarks Ms. Rich-ards was questioned about her compensation which had no relevance to the hearing. Never before has a witness had her salary attacked, not even when the Committee has questioned the CEOs of companies that have actually been found guilty of breaking Federal law. 
We sincerely believe that the Committee 
should extend an apology to Ms. Richards and refrain from such ideologically based personal attacks of its witnesses in the fu-ture particularly because there was no basis to the allegations from the outset. 
In fact, Oversight and Government Reform 
Chairman Jason Chaffetz, who conducted the hearing, admitted that he had identified no evidence that Planned Parenthood has vio-lated any laws during a recent appearance on CNN’s Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer. 
On October 1st, the Pulitzer Prize winning 
PolitiFact News Service awarded Chairman Chaffetz, a rating of ‘‘Pants on Fire’’ for 
springing a highly misleading chart on Planned Parenthood head Cecile Richards during her testimony at the recent hearing. The chart falsely suggested that Planned Parenthood performs more abortions than cancer screenings and prevention services. 
PolitiFact found that Chaffetz’s chart 
‘‘suggests a conclusion that’s flat wrong.’’ It cited numerous experts who concluded that his chart is ‘‘a damn lie,’’ ‘‘ethically wrong,’’ ‘‘purposeful deception,’’ ‘‘scandalous,’’ ‘‘propagandized,’’ ‘‘an egregious example of using a chart to mislead,’’ and ‘‘absolutely misleading, and intentionally so.’’ 
Republican attempts to defund Planned 
Parenthood are clearly political and greatly misguided. The majority of Americans recog-nize that Planned Parenthood is an organiza-tion that plays a vital role in providing health care to women across the country. One in five women will use Planned Parent-hood for primary and preventative care in their lifetime, and in 103 counties with Planned Parenthood centers, Planned Par-enthood is the sole provider of these services. Republicans would eliminate the ability for those women across the country to get basic preventative care that over a lifetime can be life-saving. 
After a two month investigation, con-
ducted by three different House Committees, considering tens of thousands of pages of 
documents and multiple hearings, there is no evidence to substantiate Republican claims of illegal activity by Planned Parenthood. Planned Parenthood has been the victim of an entrapment scheme conducted over three years in which an opposing political organi-zation actively lied and used deceptive tac-tics against Planned Parenthood’s employ-ees. Clearly Planned Parenthood, and its President, was the subject of a hostile hear-ing in the absence of evidence of any wrong-doing. 
We sincerely hope that you direct the 
Chairs of House Committees to refrain from conducting this type of hearing in the future and to abandon any thoughts of establishing a Subcommittee to pursue these allegations that the Chairman of the Oversight Com-mittee admitted have not been substan-tiated. 
Sincerely, 
C
HRIS VANHOLLEN , 
Member of Congress. 
ROSADELAURO , 
Member of Congress. 
LOUISE SLAUGHTER , 
Member of Congress. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. C
APPS ), a mem-
ber of the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee. 
b1630 
Mrs. CAPPS. I thank my colleague 
for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-
tion to this bill, which is just another political stunt to put the government between a woman and her healthcare provider. This is yet another instance where the House majority is exploiting their position to use hard-earned tax-payer dollars to fund partisan, baseless smear campaigns. Today we are asked to vote to do it again. 
Despite finding no evidence of wrong-
doing through multiple congressional 
committee hearings, including those conducted by the Energy and Com-merce Committee, despite numerous State-level investigations that have cleared Planned Parenthood of these charges, and despite reports from out-side experts that there is no evidence of illegal activity, the House seems in-sistent on doubling down on this bad idea to waste taxpayer money and time on yet another fabricated investiga-tion. 
It is time to say ‘‘no more.’’ There 
are far too many real issues facing our country that Congress should, instead, be addressing. Vote ‘‘no’’ on this reso-lution. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH). 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I thank 
my good friend for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, last month, Pope 
Francis admonished a joint session of Congress to follow the Golden Rule, to ‘‘do unto others as you would have them do unto you,’’ and said that the Golden Rule compels us to ‘‘protect and defend human life at every stage of development’’ and that ‘‘it is wrong to remain silent and look the other way.’’ 
Establishing this select committee is 
the right thing to do. We simply can’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.064 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6874 October 7, 2015 
remain silent or look the other way. 
Instead, Congress needs to thoroughly investigate profoundly disturbing con-duct by top-level Planned Parenthood officials. Caught on tape—and I have watched all the tapes, Planned Parent-hood’s top leadership, not interns or lower level employees, showed callous disregard for children’s lives while gleefully calculating the financial gain derived from the sale of baby body parts. 
We already know that every day 
Planned Parenthood dismembers or chemically poisons to death approxi-mately 900 unborn babies. Since 1973, more than 7 million children have been violently killed in Planned Parenthood clinics. 
Now, because of the CMP videos, 
Planned Parenthood’s involvement in trafficking in baby body parts has been revealed. In one clip, Dr. Deborah Nucatola, senior director of Planned Parenthood Federation of America’s Medical Services says on camera: ‘‘We have been very good at getting heart, lung, liver, and because we know that, I am not going to crush that part. I am going to basically crush below, I am going to crush above, and I am going to see if I can get it all intact . . . I would say a lot of people want liver; and for that reason, most providers will do this case under ultrasound guidance, so they will know where they are putting their forceps.’’ 
Ladies and gentlemen of the House, 
this is a dismemberment abortion— arms, legs, torsos, decapitation—but the prized body part is preserved, pulled out intact, and then sold to bro-kers. 
This needs to be done. We haven’t 
lost our sense of being shocked. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. C
ASTOR ), a 
member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. I thank the 
gentlewoman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-
tion to this wasteful maneuver by Re-publicans in Congress to establish yet another investigative committee at a cost of untold millions of taxpayer dol-lars. 
It is unconscionable to establish such 
a committee without any basis to do so and at a time when Congress should be focused on higher wages, modern infra-structure, and the basic responsibility to pass an appropriations plan for America. But no, action on all of these pocketbook issues for American fami-lies and businesses is being shoved aside by Republicans in Congress for a witch hunt based upon false You Tube videos that are full of distortions and misinformation. 
Republican attacks on Planned Par-
enthood and women’s health care is part of an unfortunate pattern of as-saults over the last two decades. But this latest maneuver borders on an abuse of power. At best, it is an at-tempt by Republican leaders to dis-tract the American public from their 
failure to do their job. 
I urge my colleagues to defeat this 
bill and get back to the business of hardworking Americans. 
Ms. FOXX. I yield myself such time 
as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, what is unconscionable 
is the callous disregard for unborn ba-bies that has been exhibited for far too long in our culture and which has been brought home to us full force by these videos that we have seen. 
Mr. Speaker, the organizations and 
providers to be investigated by this se-lect panel maintain a culture with a callous disregard for life. 
Recently, a series of undercover vid-
eos have exposed in horrifying detail what Planned Parenthood values. They show the organization’s leaders admit-ting to haggling over the prices for the limbs and organs of aborted children; callously recounting the harvesting of a brain from a fully intact, aborted child; admitting that clinics collect ‘‘specimens’’ without informed consent and that abortionists will alter the procedure to keep intact in-demand or-gans. 
These videos make clear that neither 
women’s health nor the well-being of their tiny victims will stand between 
Planned Parenthood and profit. 
Since the release of these videos, the 
big money behind the pro-abortion po-litical machine has kicked into high gear to obfuscate what services organi-zations like Planned Parenthood truly provide. 
We hear about breast cancer 
screenings, but not a single Planned Parenthood clinic has a mammogram machine. We have heard repeatedly that abortions account for only 3 per-cent of Planned Parenthood services. The Washington Post Fact Checker as-signed this data point, along with oth-ers pushed by Planned Parenthood, three Pinocchios. It is also clear from Planned Parenthood’s own annual re-ports and testimony to Congress that a significant portion of its annual non-governmental revenue comes from abortion. 
The undercover videos alone would 
merit full investigation and review, but the problems at Planned Parenthood are not limited to those discussed in the series by the Center for Medical Progress. 
We know that Planned Parenthood 
clinics in several States have failed to report sexual abuse of young girls, ena-bling and empowering those who would exploit them: 
Just this year, the Alabama Depart-
ment of Public Health found that a clinic in Mobile performed two abor-tions on a 14-year-old girl in a single 4- month period without reporting sus-pected sexual abuse. 
Just last year, an Arizona Planned 
Parenthood counselor intentionally miscoded the sexual assault of a 15- year-old girl by a serial predator as a consensual encounter. 
Also last year, a Denver clinic failed 
to report the rape of a 13-year-old girl by her stepfather, who brought her to 
the clinic for an abortion. 
Mr. Speaker, the list of outrageous 
acts by these abortion providers goes on and on. It is past time that we in-vestigate and understand just what type of organizations our tax dollars are subsidizing. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself 30 seconds to say what any woman in this room could say: your doctor determines whether you need to go to a radiologist to get a mammo-gram. None of us get that in our doc-tor’s office, unless it is a most unusual place, and I know you gentlemen wouldn’t know that. 
I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the 
gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHA-
KOWSKY ), an Energy and Commerce 
Committee member. 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise in strong opposition to the cre-
ation of a select committee to inves-tigate Planned Parenthood. 
Let’s be clear: this is just another po-
litical witch hunt, this time targeting women, their trusted organization, and women’s health. 
Now, let’s talk about the Republican 
vision for women of America. Just look at their record. First, they passed a budget that completely eliminated title X—that is contraception—the only Federal grant program dedicated to family planning, and slashed funding by 80 percent for the teen pregnancy initiative by over 80 percent. 
Then we find that last week the Re-
publicans proved that this witch hunt is not just aimed at Planned Parent-hood. They passed a bill that threat-ened funding for every doctor, clinic, and hospital that dares to participate in abortion services. They also want to repeal the Affordable Care Act, which requires insurance companies to cover maternity care. They don’t want to ex-pand Medicaid, which currently covers one out of every three births and more than 43 million children. In fact, they want to turn Medicaid into a block grant program. And Republicans have proposed huge cuts to education. 
I want to say to my Republican 
friends: Be careful what you wish for. The women of America are watching. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gen-
tlewoman from New York. 
Mr. Speaker, many of us have the 
memory of the back alley abortions and the many dead young women who cried alone without any help. None of us want that. None of us want women to have to make that choice. But we know the Supreme Court has estab-lished as the law of the land Roe v. Wade as a matter of choice, and that this procedure is a medical procedure. 
Planned Parenthood does not sell 
body parts. Planned Parenthood has a very infinitesimal amount of fetal re-search. Planned Parenthood is not the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.066 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6875 October 7, 2015 
person who ganged up on them and 
planned these horribly disorderly, if you will, videos and stole the ID of his high school friend to do these horrible videos. 
Abortions have gone down. And so we 
come again to another Benghazi-like committee where we are ignoring the law. We are allowing unilateral sub-poena, even if they are consulting, where we are looking at abortions that are done, but are not done by Federal money. 
Mr. Speaker, I would ask my col-
leagues to vote against this bill that is doing nothing, Mr. Speaker, but politi-cizing a Presidential candidate and at-tacking women—attacking women, at-tacking health care. 
Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the 
Homeland Security Committee, and Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security, I rise in strong opposition to H. Res. 461, which would establish a Select Investigative Panel of the Energy and Com-merce Committee. 
The ostensible purpose of this Select Inves-
tigative Panel is to investigate and report on all issues related to medical procedures and practices involving fetal tissue donation and procurement; federal funding and support for abortion providers; and late-term abortions. 
But make no mistake, the Republican major-
ity’s real purpose in establishing this panel is (1) to open another front in their ongoing War Against Women, (2) impede women in the ex-ercise of their right to make their own choices when it comes to their reproductive health, and (3) to persecute, smear, and demonize Planned Parenthood. 
We know this from our experience with the 
so-called ‘‘Benghazi Committee,’’ which the Republican leadership claimed was a non-partisan inquiry into the facts and cir-cumstances surrounding the 2012 tragedy in Libya which claimed the lives of four brave and heroic Americans. 
We know now, as confirmed by the Majority 
Leader and the Speaker-apparent, that the Benghazi Committee was in reality part of po-litically motivated strategy to disparage and damage the former Secretary of State and leading candidate for the Democratic presi-dential nomination that has wasted $4.5 mil-lion of the taxpayers’ money. 
The Chairman of the Benghazi Committee 
sent to Committee Members an investigative plan that set out monthly hearings with all the different agencies involved in preparing for and responding to the attacks in Benghazi, in-cluding the State Department, the Defense Department, and the Intelligence Community. 
But after the New York Times’ email story 
broke on March 2, however, the Chairman completely abandoned this plan and began fo-cusing almost exclusively on Hillary Clinton. 
Since then, the Committee has not held any 
of the hearings on his schedule, and his up-coming hearing with Hillary Clinton is the only hearing now scheduled. 
Abandoned are plans for hearings that were 
to have been held in April with former Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Secretary Leon Panetta. The Committee has never held even one 
public hearing with anyone from the Depart-ment of Defense. 
The only hearing the Committee has held 
with an intelligence official, was with the CIA’s head of Legislative Affairs regarding the status of document production. 
Mr. Speaker, with so many pressing chal-
lenges facing our nation, wasting time and tax-payer money on another partisan witch hunt is a luxury we simply cannot afford. 
The structure and powers to be given the 
Select Investigative Panel does not inspire any confidence that it will operate in a fair and im-partial manner. 
For example, the composition of the com-
mittee is lopsided in favor of the majority (8 Republican; 5 Democrat), instead of more equally divided as select committees usually are comprised. 
Second, H. Res. 461 gives the chairman of 
the select panel subpoena power and deposi-tion authority, including the authority to order the taking of depositions by a member of the select panel or the panel’s counsel. 
Third, the resolution authorized the chair-
man to recognize members to question wit-ness for periods longer than the traditional five minutes and to recognize staff to question wit-nesses. 
Taken together, these unusual powers are 
susceptible to abuse and are valued tools to any party wishing to conduct a fishing expedi-tion as opposed to a dispassionate search for facts. 
Mr. Speaker, let me save our Republican 
colleagues some time by pointing out the facts that an objective, fair-minded inquiry would re-veal. 
In 2011, approximately 1.06 million abor-
tions took place in the U.S., down from an es-timated 1.21 million abortions in 2008, 1.29 million in 2002, 1.31 million in 2000 and 1.36 million in 1996. 
Based on available state-level data, an esti-
mated 984,000 abortions took place in 2013— down from an estimated 1.02 million abortions in 2012. 
Fetal tissue research has been scientifically 
accepted since the Reagan Administration. 
In 1988 the Human Fetal Tissue Transplan-
tation Research Panel (or the Blue Ribbon Commission) sought to separate the question of ethics of abortion from the question ethics of using fetal tissue from legal elective abor-tions for medical research. 
The report of this commission laid the foun-
dation for the NIH Health Revitalization Act of 1993 (which passed overwhelmingly with bi-partisan support), prohibits the payment or re-ceipt of money or any other form of valuable consideration for fetal tissue, regardless of whether the program to which the tissue is being provided is funded or not. 
The law contains a limited exception that 
permits reimbursement for actual expenses (e.g. storage, processing, transportation, etc.) of the tissue. 
These fees generally amount to less than 
$l00. 
Less than 1% of Planned Parenthood chap-
ters participate in this area of research. 
Planned Parenthood reports revenue by 
source (either government or non-government) rather than the manner of disbursement (in-
come versus grants and contracts). 
Payments from Medicaid managed care 
plans are listed as ‘‘Government Health Serv-ices Grants and Reimbursements’’ to reflect the ultimate source of the funds. 
Planned Parenthood spends about $1.1 bil-
lion annually on 11.4 million services, 83% of which is spent on research, client services and education. 
Client services are divided into six cat-
egories: Cancer Prevention and Screenings, STI Testing, Contraception, Abortion Services, Other Women’s Health Services & Other Serv-ices. 
According to Planned Parenthood financial 
statements from 2009–2014, 86% of Planned Parenthood’s Services fall under the cat-egories of Cancer Prevention and Screenings (12–16%), STI Testing for men and women (35–41%), and Contraception (32–35%). 
Only about 3% of its services fall under the 
Abortion category nationally. 
Additionally, Planned Parenthood is already 
prohibited from spending federal funds on abortion services anyway. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, H. Res. 461 is an irre-
sponsible diversion from tackling and address-ing the following critical challenges facing this Congress and the American people, and if un-resolved pose grave threats to our economy and communities across the country: 
The Highway & Transit Trust Fund expires 
on October 29, endangering good paying jobs and critical construction projects throughout America; 
Treasury Secretary Lew has notified the 
Congress that the debt limit is expected to be reached on November 5 and action must be taken to raise the limit to protect the full faith & credit of the United States and prevent inter-est rates for mortgages, student loans, credit cards and car payments soaring; 
Funding to keep the government open ex-
pires on December 11 and Congress must find a way to keep the government open in the face of irresponsible opposition from 151 Re-publicans who voted to shut down the govern-ment rather than allow women access to af-fordable family planning and life-saving pre-ventive health care. 
In addition, American small businesses and 
manufacturers continue to suffer from Repub-licans’ refusal to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank. 
Mr. Speaker, we have far more important 
things to do than waste more time and tax-payer money on another partisan attempt to deprive women of their right to make their own decisions regarding their reproductive health that has been recognized as constitutionally guaranteed since 1973 by the Supreme Court decision in Roe v. Wade. 
I oppose H. Res. 461 and urge all Members 
to join me in voting against this wasteful and irresponsible measure. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, this charge 
laid about subpoena powers is a red herring. Every House committee holds subpoena power, though the structure differs depending on the committee. Granting this standard authority to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.067 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6876 October 7, 2015 
the select panel ensures its ability to 
investigate thoroughly the issues with-in its scope. It would make little sense to convene a select investigative panel with limited investigative power. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, may 
I inquire how much time is left on both sides. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from New York has 10 min-utes remaining. The gentlewoman from North Carolina has 11 minutes remain-ing. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. I am pleased to 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. 
MALONEY ). 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. I thank my friend for yielding and for her great leadership. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-
tion to H. Res. 461, to create a select committee on investigating Planned Parenthood. 
I take very seriously the congres-
sional responsibility to investigate wrongdoing and improve transparency, but this panel is not at all about due diligence. It is about purely partisan politics, an attempt to ‘‘Benghazi’’ Planned Parenthood. 
b1645 
Mr. Speaker, six States have inves-
tigated Planned Parenthood and found nothing. Four committee hearings have found nothing. Planned Parent-hood has handed over tens of thousands of pages of documents to Congress, and there has not even been a whiff of wrongdoing. Even the chair of the House Oversight and Government Re-form Committee has said he has no evi-dence of anything unlawful. 
This panel would be a waste of Con-
gress’ time and taxpayers’ money. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and stop this relentless crusade attacking access to health care for women who desperately need it and cannot afford it. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, the facts are 
clear about the budget for the select panel. The resolution does not author-ize or appropriate additional resources for this panel. It will use existing funds solely. 
Further, one of Congress’ most im-
portant duties is oversight of how scarce funds are spent, and that over-sight is a proper use of the limited budget the House and its committees receive. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from California (Ms. J
UDYCHU.) 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. 
Speaker, here we are again with Repub-licans attacking women and Planned Parenthood on the House floor. But now the attacks are taking the form of yet another politically inspired com-mittee. 
As with the Benghazi committee, Re-
publicans are not seeking out truth or better policy. Instead, they want to use 
taxpayer-funded resources for a polit-ical witch hunt. 
Here are the facts: Abortion today is 
protected by our Constitution, and we have found no wrongdoing by Planned Parenthood so far in the three House investigations that are already taking place. 
Another fact: Planned Parenthood 
helps women. Every year Planned Par-enthood provides 2.1 million patients with family counseling and contracep-tion. They are trying to prevent un-wanted pregnancies from occurring in the first place, something that my Re-publican colleagues should support. Let’s not use lies and edited tapes to unfairly color and bring down this or-ganization. We should be better than that. 
Mr. Speaker, I oppose this com-
mittee. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. F
RANKEL ). 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise in opposition to the resolution to create a select committee to inves-tigate Planned Parenthood. Well, here we go again. Planned Parenthood is the new Benghazi. 
Under the ruse of saving lives, my 
colleagues on the other side of the aisle would use the resources of the United States Government to pursue their ex-treme agenda. The targeting of Planned Parenthood is a gross abuse of political power to punish a trusted or-ganization because it provides a full array of health services that includes abortion, and it sends a chilling mes-sage to anybody who would dare to give women choices. 
Mr. Speaker, to quote a well-known 
political thinker, ‘‘There is no greater tyranny, than that which is per-petrated under the shield of law and in the name of justice.’’ 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ). 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
opposition to H. Res. 461. This resolu-tion supposedly establishes a select panel to investigate Planned Parent-hood and fetal tissue procurement. 
Now, what do we know already, Mr. 
Speaker? What facts do we know? We know that these videos have already been entirely discredited and debunked by a team of independent forensic ex-perts. What do we know? We know that women have a legal right to a safe and legal abortion. 
What do we know already, Mr. 
Speaker, while we are investigating Planned Parenthood? We know that fetal tissue procurement signed into law by the venerated Ronald Reagan provides lifesaving research for dis-eases like Parkinson’s, ALS, and oth-ers. 
No, Mr. Speaker, you are not trying 
to find the facts. Instead, this is just another pathway to deny a woman a 
right to a safe and legal abortion. 
We already know that the chairman 
of the Oversight and Government Re-form Committee said that there is no ‘‘there’’ there. We don’t need to get to the bottom of this. Mr. Speaker, we are already at the bottom of this. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from California (Ms. L
EE). 
Ms. LEE. Let me thank the gentle-
woman for yielding and for your tre-mendous leadership on this vital issue and so many issues. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-
tion to H. Res. 461, which really is nothing more than a politically moti-vated bill. It would establish a select Energy and Commerce Committee to so-call investigate Planned Parent-hood. 
How outrageous. Let’s be clear. This 
is nothing more than yet another at-tempt to attack Planned Parenthood and undermine a woman’s right to choose. 
There have already been multiple 
hearings and committee investiga-tions, none of which have resulted in any evidence of wrongdoing, and this shameful resolution is the fourth anti- choice vote we have had to take in the last month alone. 
Mr. Speaker, enough is enough. We 
know that Planned Parenthood centers are critical to the health of women all across the country. One in five women have used Planned Parenthood services at some point in her lifetime for vital services like birth control, lifesaving cancer screenings, and STI screenings. 
Continuing attempts to restrict ac-
cess to these health services would hurt our most vulnerable women, in-cluding low-income women and women of color. 
You want to restrict access to family 
planning, and you want to restrict ac-cess to safe and legal abortions. Come on. It is time to stop this war on women. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ). 
Mr. ENGEL. I thank my good friend 
from New York. 
Mr. Speaker, this is the fourth time 
in less than 1 month that I have been compelled to voice my opposition to a measure attacking women’s health care. 
This is just what Congress does not 
need, another polarizing battle in Con-gress. I have been on the Energy and Commerce Committee for 20 years, and this is the wrong thing to do. This is just absolutely the wrong thing to do. 
The American public wants to see us 
pass a budget, a transportation bill, keep the government open, do the Ex-port-Import Bank and other things that are important. 
What are we doing, getting into an-
other political brawl? We don’t need 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.068 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6877 October 7, 2015 
another committee like Benghazi, 
which should be abolished. 
The Washington Post reported last 
week that more Americans have sup-ported continued Federal funding for Planned Parenthood than opposed it in every single public survey taken this year. 
I don’t want to infringe on women’s 
rights to choose whatever is right be-tween them, their doctor, their family, and their God, and I don’t think Con-gress should either. 
My friends on the other side of the 
aisle talk about wanting smaller gov-ernment. I don’t want government to be so big that it intrudes on women’s privacy and women’s health. This is ill- thought and should be defeated. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ). 
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong opposition to this resolution. It is beneath the dignity of this Chamber to participate in an ideological witch hunt, especially one based on entirely false allegations. 
The chair of the House Oversight and 
Government Reform Committee spent hours last week cross-examining Planned Parenthood’s president about these claims, and even he has publicly admitted that they have no merit. So let us call this proposed committee what it really is, the select committee to attack women’s health. 
The majority wants to kill Planned 
Parenthood. If they succeed, many low- income women will have nowhere left to go for breast cancer exams, Pap smears, and a range of other lifesaving services. So this resolution tells these women flat out: We do not care about your health care. We do not care if you die. 
The hypocrisy of the majority is 
breathtaking. One minute they con-demn all government spending—even on health care for some of our poorest families—and now they plan to spend millions of taxpayers’ dollars on a po-litically motivated witch hunt. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
vote against this disgraceful resolu-tion. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I now yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ), our colleague. 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. I thank 
the gentlewoman. 
Mr. Speaker, I was in my office 
watching the debate, and I thought, well, if I really thought I was innocent, if I really thought there was nothing that really went with what the other side is claiming, if I really thought I needed to wipe the slate clean, if I real-ly thought that sunlight is truly the best antiseptic. 
Forget about the organization. Let’s 
talk about the act. This is one of the most repulsive things you can watch. It turns your stomach to see our un-born—our born—listen, little boys and little girls being dissected and being 
sold. It is a criminal activity. 
So my question comes down to—and 
if you read ‘‘Rules for Radicals,’’ the best way to counteract a charge against you is to go after those who are attacking you and make them the bad person. 
I don’t understand. In America’s 
House, when we want to have a debate, when we want everybody in America to look and say that this was fair, we are talking about an investigation that, if we are false, if the claims are false, it would wipe the slate clean. 
Most people who think they have 
been wrongly accused of something say, ‘‘Bring the facts out. Let every-body see them. Let’s have the con-versation. Let’s have the debate. Let’s really determine if this is really going on.’’ Only someone who is afraid it may go against them would say, ‘‘No. No. No. You can’t do this.’’ 
I want to tell you, as far as women 
are concerned and a war on women, I am the father of four children, three boys and one girl. But I have ten grandchildren, six girls and four boys. There is not one of them that, when it comes to how much I love them, it is gender-selective. I love them all in the same way. 
In a country that has always stood 
for human rights, in a country that has always stood for others, for the most vulnerable—and I will not disguise it and say it is not what I am. I am from conception to natural death. I am in favor of life. I will always be in favor of life. 
But to have this debate today and to 
say that you can’t possibly do this be-cause it is driven, it is a Republican agenda, because it is a war on women, if anything, this is a war for women. 
We have got to protect these people. 
If there is anything that is a preemp-tive strike in the war on women, it is gender-selective abortion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield the 
gentleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman. 
Mr. Speaker, I would just ask all 
Members, not as Republicans and not as Democrats, but as members of the human race, and for a House that just abhors what is going on around the world and saying that this is horrible what is going on and we won’t ever let this happen in our country, why would we be having this debate today? 
If you really want the slate to be 
clear, if you really want the world to see that there is nothing going on here, then let’s have an open investigation so, at the end of the day—I don’t care what organizations—they can walk away and say, ‘‘See, we proved that we aren’t who they say we are.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, this is just so simple. 
Why would you argue against it? It ac-tually works to their advantage if it is not true. If it is true, then why in the world would we use hard-earned Amer-ican taxpayer money to fund illegal 
and criminal activity? That is just not who we are as Americans. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. D
EGETTE ), the 
ranking member of the Energy and Commerce Committee’s Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations. 
Ms. D
EGETTE. Mr. Speaker, since a 
series of deceptive and highly edited videos taken at Planned Parenthood fa-cilities were released to the public, three separate congressional commit-tees have leapt to conclusions, holding hearings and investigations along the way. 
However, on the subcommittee on 
which I serve as ranking member and which has primary jurisdiction over this matter, we did extensive research. We found out that Planned Parenthood broke no laws according to an exten-sive memo prepared by the Democratic committee staff. 
So now what are we going to do? We 
are going to spend millions of taxpayer dollars having another sham com-mittee. That is a ridiculous waste of money. 
I have a proposal for all of my col-
leagues. Let’s spend our time talking on the things that our constituents want their hard-earned taxpayer money spent on: reauthorizing the highway bill, addressing the looming expiration of our debt ceiling, not to mention an overdue bill for funding the Federal Government. That is what they care about. 
I just want to say once again, for the 
umpteenth time, for the R
ECORD , there 
is no public money spent on abortion. There is no Federal money spent on abortion. So what we are talking about right here is a totally useless and ex-pensive investigation. 
b1700 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ). 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
my good friend for yielding. 
A sure sign that the Republican 
Planned Parenthood hearing failed is that they are now embracing their de-fault, the much-discredited Benghazi Select Committee strategy. But, the Government Reform Planned Parent-hood hearing left Planned Parenthood as strong as ever. The majority is try-ing to do to the Nation’s women what they have done to D.C., now deprived of the right to spend even local funds on abortion. But no Federal funds go to abortion, so what is left? Women’s health care. 
All that this witch-hunting select 
committee will do is highlight the new GOP war on women. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
We are being told by our colleagues 
on the other side of the aisle that we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.069 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6878 October 7, 2015 
should be comforted by the fact that 
the Democratic committee staff did an investigation of Planned Parenthood and found nothing wrong. I think I can say very well with tongue in cheek that is truly like putting the fox to guard the henhouse. 
Mr. Speaker, in a few moments I will 
offer an amendment to the resolution. The amendment will make several changes to the resolution that have been requested by the minority. The amendment will change the ratio on the panel to eight Republicans and six Democrats, giving Democrats an addi-tional one member on the panel. The amendment will also make sure that the select panel’s subpoena authority is consistent with existing Energy and Commerce Committee rules. 
We have no objection to the re-
quested changes, and we hope this will encourage our colleagues on the other side of the aisle to participate fully in this important investigation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, if we have heard any-
thing this entire day, it is the misuse of public tax money for useless select committees overdoing investigations that everybody that has investigated before has already said that there is no ‘‘there’’ there. 
We don’t need to take the word—al-
though I am happy to do it—of Mr. P
ALLONE last night saying that the 
Democratic staff on Energy and Com-merce had found there was nothing 
wrong here. Let’s take Mr. C
HAFFETZ ’s 
word for it. He spent 5 hours delving into what Planned Parenthood does and does not do, and he said, no, they have not broken any law. 
But that is not good enough because 
everybody is doing so well here making political points and attacking a Presi-dential candidate. That is not our job. In fact, I am pretty sure that is against Federal law for us to use public money for that kind of action. We did it not once, we are going to do it twice, and who knows how many more times be-fore the end of this year. 
The big disgrace that is going on is 
the misuse of tax money of the Amer-ican people in a House and a Congress that has no budget, no highway bill, no way out, and people who sit at home trying to figure out how they are going to educate their children, put food on the table, keep their job, and even drive on roads that are unfit to get to work. 
I would really appreciate it if we 
would stop this select committee and stop trying to take health care away from American citizens and get to work on their behalf. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, the opponents of this 
resolution would have Americans be-lieve that this oversight is unnecessary and political. Nothing is further from the truth. Oversight into entities’ use of Fed-
eral funds and compliance with Federal law is a fundamental responsibility of Congress and one exercised by both parties, frequently on a bipartisan basis. 
It is unfortunate that my colleagues 
across the aisle are refusing to join with us on this particular issue, but charges that it is a politically driven investigation are false. The investiga-tion to be continued by the select in-vestigative panel at the Energy and Commerce Committee is prompted by allegations that abortion providers that receive Federal funds are dis-membering children to sell their body parts, possibly while violating Federal laws. 
The most fundamental right our gov-
ernment was formed to protect is life; and when taxpayer dollars are being used by organizations flagrantly vio-lating that right, we are morally com-pelled to investigate and respond in ac-cordance with our Constitution. 
The select investigative panel formed 
by this resolution is consistent with precedent, including two panels formed by my colleagues across the aisle when they were in the majority. It is laser- focused on the issues raised by the vid-eos and subsequent investigation into Planned Parenthood of fetal tissue col-lection, abortion procedures, and the Federal laws surrounding those prac-tices. Its existence as a separate body will allow it to complete the full inves-tigation these allegations deserve without shortchanging the important other issues under consideration by the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the full House. 
It is disappointing that some Mem-
bers do not want the full truth to come out. When Federal taxpayers have le-gitimate concerns that their hard- earned dollars are flowing to organiza-tions that sanction the dismember-ment of unborn children and that our system of laws have loopholes allowing these atrocities to continue, we as their elected representatives are re-sponsible for ensuring these concerns are heard and responded to. 
If we as elected representatives of 
our great Nation can’t shed our cal-lousness toward the most vulnerable lives in our society and heed the moral cause of this issue, I have a great fear for our Nation’s future and the cruel-ties we may someday allow other lives to be subjected to. Our freedom rests on the cornerstone right we all have to life, and I fear we have lost sight of that. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . FOXX  
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I offer an 
amendment to the resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 1, line 7, strike ‘‘five’’ and insert 
‘‘six’’. 
Page 1, line 5, strike ‘‘13’’ and insert ‘‘14’’. Page 3, line 12, insert ‘‘, consistent with 
the notification, consultation, and reporting requirements of rule 16 of the rules of the Committee on Energy and Commerce,’’ after 
‘‘select panel’’. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I urge my 
colleagues to support this resolution and expose the truth about these out-rages through a thorough investiga-tion. We must have the courage to fol-low the facts wherever they lead in order to strengthen our laws to end these barbaric practices and ensure that unwanted children are no longer discarded in the bins of parts for sale by profit-hungry abortion providers. 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
strong support of H. Res. 461, legislation to establish a select panel to investigate the mat-ters that were brought to the forefront in a se-ries of shocking and disturbing videos recently released by the Center for Medical Progress. 
These videos, which show Planned Parent-
hood officials engaging in the sale of aborted baby body parts, must be fully investigated with the utmost detail and attention. 
Ten videos so far have been publicized de-
picting Planned Parenthood engaging in fetal tissue trafficking. These actions are des-picable, unspeakable and barbaric. 
This select committee will also, investigate, 
the practices of businesses involved in the second and third trimester abortions, including partial birth abortions and procedures that lead to babies being born alive in attempted abor-
tions. 
It’s a national disgrace that taxpayer dollars 
account for 41 percent of Planned Parent-hood’s revenues, which also serves as the na-tion’s largest abortion provider. 
The creation of this investigative panel is an 
important step in getting to the truth and hold-ing the recipients of taxpayer dollars account-able for what they do. 
It is wrong to take money out of the wallets 
of hardworking Americans and hand it over to organizations like Planned Parenthood. 
This select committee will investigate this 
issue thoroughly—a responsibility that the Obama Administration has refused to do. 
I look forward to the panel’s findings. Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in 
strong opposition to the establishment of the panel to investigate Planned Parenthood. The panel’s clear partisan aim is to take down Planned Parenthood, an organization pro-viding quality, affordable health care to mil-lions of Americans. 
Every person has the right to make in-
formed, independent decisions about their health, sexual activity and family planning. Yet, women’s reproductive rights continue to come under constant attack at both the state and local levels For all the rhetoric we have heard about how the government should not be in the business of providing health care, the Majority is all too eager to step in and reg-ulate women’s access to health services. 
It is unconscionable that the Majority con-
tinues funneling taxpayer dollars to support purely political agendas. Millions were spent defending DOMA after the Justice Department decided it was no longer prudent policy. Even more money is being spent suing President Obama over the Affordable Care Act, even after the Supreme Court upheld the ACA’s constitutionality not once, but twice. Most re-cently, more than $4 million has been spent politicizing the terrorist attack in Benghazi. The Majority now demands we use even more tax payer dollars to attack an organization pro-viding health care to those who need it most, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.073 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6879 October 7, 2015 
ignoring Congressional committees that found 
no wrong-doing on the part of Planned Parent-hood. 
Women’s access to health care is chal-
lenged over and over again, despite America’s high maternal death rate. Women in the United States face a one in 1,800 risk of ma-ternal death, the highest risk of any developed country. In 2014, the overall U.S. health care system ranked last among industrialized na-tions for the fifth time and is still the most ex-pensive system in the world. The health dis-parities among our nation’s racial and ethnic groups are a disgrace. We should focus our attention on these issues. 
Let’s call this exactly what it is, a partisan 
attack against a single, reputable organization. An attack based on highly edited, unsubstan-tiated statements and videos. This is a waste of time and taxpayer funded resources. We must get back to doing the people’s work and put a stop to the constant attempts to roll back women’s rights. 
I strongly oppose this Resolution. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield back 
the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the amendment and on the resolution. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the amendment. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution, as amended. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, and the order of the House today, this 15- minute vote of adoption on House Res-olution 461, as amended, will be fol-lowed by 5-minute votes on the motion to recommit H.R. 3192, and passage of H.R. 3192, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 242, nays 184, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 538] 
YEAS—242 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) 
Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper 
Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling 
Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry 
McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows 
Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus 
Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) 
Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—184 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette 
Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) 
Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne 
Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. Sanchez, Loretta 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus 
Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—8 
Dingell 
Granger Hinojosa Hudson 
Sinema Smith (TX) Walorski 
Williams 
b1735 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida changed his 
vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the resolution, as amended, was 
agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
538, I am not recorded as voting because of prior commitments in my district. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Aye.’’ 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE HONORING 
VICTIMS OF THE C–130J CRASH AT JALALABAD AIRFIELD, AF-GHANISTAN 
(Mr. NEUGEBAUER asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today with a heavy heart. Six air-men assigned to the 455th Air Expedi-tionary Wing perished on Friday, Octo-ber 2, 2015, when their C–130J aircraft crashed shortly after takeoff at Jalalabad Airfield in Afghanistan. Five civilians also died in that crash. 
Our thoughts and prayers go out to 
the families and friends of those who lost loved ones in this tragedy. 
Today we honor the sacrifice of these 
airmen who served at Dyess Air Force Base in Abilene, Texas, and Hanscom Air Force Base in Bedford, Massachu-setts. They are: 
Captain Jordan Pierson, 28, of Abi-
lene, Texas. I had the honor of nomi-nating Jordan to the Air Force Acad-emy; 
Captain Jonathan Golden of 
Camarillo, California; 
Staff Sergeant Ryan Hammond of 
Moundsville, West Virginia; 
Senior Airman Quinn Johnson-Harris 
of Milwaukee, Wisconsin; 
Senior Airman Nathan Sartain of 
Pensacola, Florida; 
Airman 1st Class Kcey Ruiz of 
McDonough, Georgia. 
I ask all my colleagues to stand and 
join me in a moment of silence. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07OC7.048 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6880 October 7, 2015 
HOMEBUYERS ASSISTANCE ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to recommit on the bill (H.R. 3192) to provide for a temporary safe harbor from the enforcement of integrated dis-closure requirements for mortgage loan transactions under the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 and the Truth in Lending Act, and for other purposes, offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
OULTON ), on 
which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk will redesignate the mo-
tion. 
The Clerk redesignated the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 185, nays 240, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 539] 
YEAS—185 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah 
Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks 
Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone 
Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman 
Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—240 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn 
Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren 
Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—9 
Dingell 
Granger Hinojosa Hudson 
Sinema Smith (TX) Walorski 
Webster (FL) Williams 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1745 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 303, nays 121, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 540] 
YEAS—303 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart 
Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer 
Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.077 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6881 October 7, 2015 
Peterson 
Pingree Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger 
Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Takai Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres 
Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—121 
Adams 
Bass Beatty Becerra Bishop (GA) Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Butterfield Capps Capuano Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Conyers Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Farr Fattah Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hastings Higgins Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowey Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton 
Nadler Napolitano Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Pocan Price (NC) Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Van Hollen Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—10 
Dingell 
Granger Hinojosa Hudson Kline 
Sinema Smith (TX) Walorski Whitfield 
Williams 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1752 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. Stated for: 
Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
540, I am not recorded as voting because of prior commitments in my District. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Aye.’’ 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
DEMOCRATIC LEADER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Honorable N
ANCY  
PELOSI , Democratic Leader: 
OCTOBER 7, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. 
DEARSPEAKER BOEHNER : Pursuant to sec-
tion 202(a) of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146), I am pleased to recommend the fol-lowing individual to the Commission on Care. 
Ms. Lucretia M. McClenney, Locust Grove, 
Virginia 
Best regards, 
N
ANCY PELOSI , 
Democratic Leader. 
f 
U.S.-KOREA RELATIONS 
(Mr. ROYCE asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to sa-
lute the U.S.-Korea partnership and to welcome President Park Geun-hye to Washington next week. 
Having chaired the U.S.-Republic of 
Korea Parliamentary Exchange for over a decade, I have long championed closer ties between our two countries. Our alliance is one that was forged in bloodshed 65 years ago, when U.S. and Korean forces fought and died together. Our own colleagues, Sergeant C
HARLIE  
RANGEL , JOHNCONYERS , and S AMJOHN-
SON, fought there. 
Over 215,000 South Korean soldiers 
were killed and over 1 million civilians lost their lives. Seoul was leveled, but it has risen from the ashes to become one of greatest cities in the world. 
The U.S.-Korea relations have been a 
linchpin of security for us. We have partnered in deepening our trade ties through KORUS, in our condemnation of Japan’s use of Korean women as sex slaves during the war, and, more re-cently, our committee unanimously passed a resolution to help Korean Americans meet their long-lost rel-atives separated by the war. 
Colleagues, let us take this partner-
ship with South Korea to a new level. 
f 
65TH ANNIVERSARY OF OUTBREAK 
OF KOREAN WAR 
(Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. Mr. Speaker, this marks the 65th anniversary of the outbreak of the Korean war. As Korea has transformed itself in six decades from a war-torn basket economy into the 13th largest economy in the world, it represents one of America’s greatest foreign policy 
success stories in the post-World War II era. 
The Republic of Korea has been a 
strong and steadfast economic and strategic partner of the United States. Both countries are not only bound by history together, but by their shared commitment to democratic values. 
Back home, California has an incred-
ibly vibrant Korean American commu-nity that contributes to all facets of our society, from thriving businesses to our local churches. 
Next week, the President of the Re-
public of Korea, the Honorable Park Geun-hye, will be making her second visit to Washington, D.C. I hope we will take this opportunity to discuss the rising tensions on the Korean Penin-sula, the continued threat North Ko-rea’s nuclear program imposes on the region, and the regional concerns re-garding the East Sea dispute. 
f 
b1800 
WELCOMING THE PRESIDENT OF 
THE REPUBLIC OF KOREA 
(Mr. SALMON asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. SALMON. Mr. Speaker, I am 
very pleased to be able to stand up here today and welcome President Park Geun-hye next week coming to Wash-ington, D.C., because the alliance be-tween the United States and the Re-public of Korea has been one of the linchpin of peace, security, and pros-perity in northeast Asia for more than 60 years, and we are united against the threat of a rogue regime in North Korea. 
About 28,000 members of the U.S. 
Armed Forces stationed in South Korea stand with their Republic of Korea counterparts in defense of the south. 
We support President Park’s prin-
cipled vision for peace, prosperity, and a democratic, unified Korean Penin-sula. Our alliance today has grown far beyond this single threat, though. We also have strong alliances in economic development and many, many other issues. 
We are very, very excited about this 
wonderful relationship, and we wel-come President Park next week. 
f 
WELCOMING THE PRESIDENT OF 
THE REPUBLIC OF KOREA 
(Mr. RANGEL asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I join 
with my colleagues in welcoming the distinguished President of the Republic of Korea to the United States of Amer-ica to confer with our great President. 
In 1950, I visited Korea for the first 
time as a combat infantryman. When I left, it was a nightmare, and I thought I would never want to go back to this place ever again. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07OC7.055 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6882 October 7, 2015 
To see this country now; to see what, 
out of the ashes, it has become; to see, from a very poor country, what a great democracy it has; to see the leadership of this great President; to see what a friend we have in that region when we are having a horrible time in econom-ics and peace and in war, that this country always has our back; the great contributions Korea has made to this country, those that have become citi-zens, makes me proud to be an Amer-ican. 
So when she comes here, the Con-
gress is so proud that some of us were able to make just a small contribution to keep her from falling into the hands of the Communists and then becoming our seventh great trading partner, a leader of the region and a leader of the world. 
f 
CONGRATULATING ELISE WARDEL 
(Mrs. LOVE asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. LOVE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to congratulate Elise Wardel, who be-came a U.S. citizen last week in Salt Lake City, Utah. 
Like many others, Elise came to 
Utah to attend one of our quality uni-versities. She has now worked hard, paid taxes, and contributed to Utah’s close-knit society and a thriving econ-omy for more than 11 years. She has worked through some difficult proc-esses, becoming naturalized, for more than 2
1⁄2years. 
She and her husband, Adam, are ex-
pecting their first child this coming April and are grateful to raise their child here in the land of the free and the land of opportunity. I am grateful to count her among my newest con-stituents and extend her and Adam my best wishes. 
People like Elise enrich our Nation. I 
am proud of them for taking the re-quired steps to become U.S. citizens. I believe that Congress must do its job so that Elise and many others, like my father, can enter our Nation through the front door. 
As the child of immigrant parents, I 
welcome all of Utah’s new American citizens and pledge to work hard so that they can have access to the Amer-ican Dream like I have. 
f 
WELCOMING THE PRESIDENT OF 
THE REPUBLIC OF KOREA 
(Mr. HONDA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to welcome the President of the Republic of Korea, President Park, on her arrival in Washington, D.C., next week. 
I had the honor of meeting with 
President Park during my last visit to Korea last December, where we dis-cussed the synergistic partnerships and opportunities between the U.S., Silicon Valley, and South Korea. Mr. Speaker, we must look to build 
new bridges and reinforce the connec-tors that have already contributed so much to our mutual benefit. 
As President Park said when she ad-
dressed the joint meeting of Congress in 2013: ‘‘Looking forward, our precious alliance is setting its sights on a better world—a brighter future.’’ 
I wish President Park a very success-
ful and fruitful visit to the U.S. and summit with President Obama. No doubt, our two nations’ very special al-liance will grow even stronger in the coming years. 
f 
MAY GOD BLESS THE STATE OF 
SOUTH CAROLINA 
(Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, many of you know South Carolina was inundated with a historic rainfall. They call it a 1,000-year rain event. The rivers have not crested yet. The floods continue. Many South Caro-linians are displaced. Many are hurt-ing. 
I just want to ask the House and 
America to continue to lift my home State up. But let me remind you then, in the 24th Psalm, it is written: ‘‘The Earth is the Lord’s and the fullness thereof, the world, and they that dwell therein, for He hath founded it upon the seas and established it upon the floods.’’ 
Thank you for your prayers, and may 
God continue to bless the Palmetto State of South Carolina, and may God continue to bless the United States of America. 
f 
NATIONAL HYDROGEN AND FUEL 
CELL DAY 
(Mr. TONKO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, our neigh-
bors in the Senate have introduced and agreed to a resolution that recognizes Thursday, October 8, as National Hy-drogen and Fuel Cell Day. I invite my colleagues to support this commemora-tion and affirm our resolution to bettering our Nation, our economy, and, certainly, our environment. 
As the planet’s most abundant nat-
ural resource, hydrogen has a critical role to play in the way we think about renewable energy. It is already powering homes and vehicles across our Nation and has the potential to do even more if we recognize that energy efficiency should be our fuel of choice. 
Businesses are already reporting suc-
cess stories about their use of hydrogen fuel cells and the elimination of carbon emissions. The once pricey and seem-ingly unfeasible source has now become a practical avenue for America’s en-ergy demand, and it is because we in-vested in that unique American inno-vative spirit and made it so. We should 
learn from this and apply that attitude to other corners in our energy sector. 
Our Nation is projected to increase 
its energy consumption through 2040, and climate change is certainly a re-ality. We have no choice but to face that head-on. Please join me as we strive to make America the leading na-tion for renewable energy, a goal we can advance right now by recognizing this day as National Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Day. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
(Mr. ALLEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I come to 
the floor today to commend my col-leagues in the House and Senate for passing the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 and to call on the President to sign this vital bill into law. 
It is the constitutional responsibility 
of Congress to provide for the common defense of this Nation. Right now, our country faces growing and very serious threats. Unrest continues to escalate in the Middle East, and our troops are fighting terrorism around the world. 
Yet the President has threatened to veto this legislation, which provides our men and women in uniform with the resources they need to defend themselves and America’s national se-curity at home and abroad. 
The President’s veto threat is dan-
gerously irresponsible. We must fulfill our duties to support our troops and their families who sacrifice so much to protect our Nation. 
Congress has acted in a bipartisan 
fashion to pass this legislation, equip our military, and bolster national de-fense. Instead of putting our national security at risk, the President should sign this bill into law so we can keep our military strong and Americans safe. 
f 
WELCOMING THE PRESIDENT OF 
THE REPUBLIC OF KOREA 
(Ms. MENG asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. MENG. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
welcome President Park Geun-hye to the United States for her state visit next week. The United States and the Republic of Korea enjoy a warm friend-ship built on a commitment to secu-rity, joint economic development, cul-tural exchange, and the democratic process. 
This year marks the 65th anniversary 
of the outbreak of the Korean war. Korea has transformed itself in six dec-ades from a war-torn economy into the 13th largest economy in the world, and it represents one of America’s greatest foreign policy success stories. 
President Park’s visit will reaffirm 
our strong bilateral relationship at an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.083 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6883 October 7, 2015 
important time, as our countries work 
together to address mutual security threats and improve regional security. 
President Park’s approach to North 
Korea and her focus on reuniting fami-lies who have been separated by the Korean war has given renewed hope to many Korean Americans in the United States. I am sure her visit will lead to new areas of cooperation between our countries. 
f 
WELCOMING THE PRESIDENT OF 
THE REPUBLIC OF KOREA 
(Mr. CONNOLLY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, as the 
co-chair of the Korea Caucus here in Congress, as a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, I extend my warm greetings to President Park on her second official visit to the United States. 
The U.S. and the Republic of Korea 
share deep ties, an alliance forged in blood and sweat and toil. Out of the Korean war emerged one of the great miracles of economic development the world has ever seen, the Republic of Korea. 
The ROK has emerged as an eco-
nomic juggernaut with a vibrant de-mocracy and a strong alliance with us, the United States. During the Presi-dent’s visit, I think she will be glad also to find that those ties are familial. We have a deep and vibrant commu-nity, Korean American community here in the United States, including right here in the national capital re-gion and in my district in northern Virginia. 
Alliances are often defined by mili-
tary or economic ties. Our ties go even deeper. Those family ties are what con-nect us with the Republic of Korea and the Congressional Caucus. 
I wish the President well, look for-
ward to a successful trip, and look for-ward to continuing to work with her and her government as the co-chair-man of the Korea Caucus. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF AL 
PIANTANIDA 
(Mr. CA ´RDENAS asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CA ´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, it is 
with great sadness that I announce that Al Piantanida passed away on Au-gust 31. 
He was a veteran but, more impor-
tantly, a good American. Al is what I would call the perfect constituent, the perfect friend, and the perfect neigh-bor. 
Al would come to his elected offi-
cials’ offices all the time and let us know what was going on in the commu-nity and what was going wrong in the community, but never once—never once—did Al complain. He always said: How can I be part of the solution? To me, that is not only a good per-
son, but that is what makes America great: human beings who have the time and the resources to give of themselves and are not there to complain but are there to make sure that their neighbor-hood, their community, and their coun-try are a better place. 
We are going to miss Al. He was a 
selfless individual and someone who was always giving of himself, and he al-ways was creative in making sure that he was part of the solution and was al-ways there for his community in every way possible. 
Al was a personal friend. I met him 
through my responsibility as an elect-ed official in the community, but I grew to love him as a person and to ap-preciate him very much. 
We are going to miss you, Al, but you 
will never be forgotten. 
f 
b1815 
FUTURE FORUM 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
LAHOOD). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. S
WALWELL ) is recognized for 60 minutes 
as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to kick off the Future Forum Special Order hour. Today we will be bringing attention, once again, to the issue of college af-fordability and student loan debt. We also have a few surprises in store today, as I will be joined by my Future Forum colleagues. 
I first want to report that just earlier 
this week, on Monday, the Future Forum, which is a group of about 16 to 17 of the youngest members in our cau-cus, went out to Seattle. Congressman K
ILMER , who represents the Seattle 
area, was joined by myself and R UBEN  
GALLEGO of the Phoenix, Arizona, area. 
We went across the Seattle area. We 
talked to college students, community college students, college graduates, a millennial workforce, and also folks in the tech sector in Seattle. 
We went to the University of Wash-
ington Tacoma and met with veterans. We went to the University of Puget Sound and talked to students. We went to an SEIU training center and talked to the next generation of their work-force. 
We were also able to go to Amazon. 
We went to amazon.com and had a town hall there with their millennial workforce, and we were able to listen to them and their concerns about the future. 
We heard a common thread through 
all of these diverse groups, America’s largest generation, millennials, 80 mil-lion people. They are concerned about their future. 
They are concerned about their abil-
ity to afford and have access to go to college. They are concerned about how much it is going to cost them when they get out and the student loan debt that they are going to be burdened 
with. 
It was another successful Future 
Forum trip. It was the eighth one we have taken this year, ranging from New York, Boston, New Hampshire, Phoenix, Washington, D.C., San Fran-cisco, Los Angeles, and now Seattle. 
I encourage anyone watching to en-
gage with us on Twitter. I will be a part of the conversation. I will read and respond to any questions as we go along. 
First, today I am joined by a col-
league of mine, a Future Forum mem-ber from the Dallas/Fort Worth area, Congressman M
ARCVEASEY . 
Congressman, we are encouraging a 
conversation around these issues at #futureforum. 
I have been to the Dallas/Fort Worth 
area. I have seen the way you engage with young people in your district. 
I want to know just what are you 
hearing out there about your constitu-
ents and their ability to go to college, your constituents and their ability to pay for college? And, once they get out, how is student loan debt affecting their opportunities? 
Mr. VEASEY. Congressman 
S
WALWELL , thank you very much. I 
really appreciate your leadership on Future Forum and bringing up impor-tant issues like student debt. It is a real issue that so many of our young people struggle with when they grad-uate from college. 
In one of the articles that I was read-
ing about student debt, a national magazine put some Instagram photos up of young people and the problems and the issues that they have with stu-dent debt. Some of the kids put up some really creative things. 
One of the graduating students, on 
their graduating hat, instead of ‘‘Game of Thrones,’’ it said ‘‘Game of Loans.’’ Another sign that I saw at one of the college graduations said, ‘‘I will soon be joining millions of other young peo-ple that are graduating from college, and I will be consumed with thousands of dollars in debt.’’ 
But while these Instagram photos are 
cute and funny and I am sure are a way for young people to take their minds off of what is going to be facing them in thousands of dollars of debt, we know that this is a very serious issue. 
Our young people that are graduating 
from college are putting off buying a house. They are putting off buying that new car. Those sorts of things play a role in how well our economy does. 
And I think, more importantly, you 
hear a lot of young people that are graduating from college saying that they are putting off starting a family. 
That is one of the most important 
things that we do as young people as we graduate from college and make our way into the world, is that we start that next generation. 
And in order for us to start that next 
generation with confidence, kids need to know that when they graduate from college, they are not going to be bur-dened with all of this debt. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.085 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6884 October 7, 2015 
We know that college is becoming 
less and less affordable each day, and it negatively impacts the lives of thou-sands of Americans across our great Nation, including many of the con-stituents that I represent in the Dallas/ Fort Worth area. 
Right now we have about 40 million 
young people in this country that have over $1.3 trillion in debt. 
In the State of Texas, the average 
debt per student is over $25,000, with over 70 percent of bachelor’s degree re-cipients graduating with a student loan. About 16 percent of students in Texas have defaulted on their loans. These numbers can easily create an economic crisis for an entire genera-tion. 
While the cost of higher education 
continues to rise, grants are not going up on the same per-student basis. We have seen the Federal Pell Grant fund-ing levels remain stagnant despite House Democrats urging Republicans to do something, to step in and help these kids, and let’s increase Pell Grant funding levels. But we have seen absolutely no action from the Repub-licans on this. 
Mr. Speaker and Congressman 
S
WALWELL , I think it is important that 
we do work together on commonsense proposals that provide grants to the most needy and to make Federal loans affordable so that young people can ob-tain a degree, contribute to our econ-omy, and keep our country going strong without the burden of insur-mountable student debt. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Con-
gressman V
EASEY , part of what the Fu-
ture Forum has tried to express across the country to young people has been, first, our members, we understand you, we hear you, because we know the struggle you have gone through. 
Personally, I have over $100,000 today 
in student loan debt. Half of my college was paid through an athletic scholar-ship, and I still had that much student loan debt that I racked up because of tuition going up every single year. 
Could you tell us just a little bit 
about your personal story or those of any family members or friends and how you have personally seen this debt af-fecting people. 
Mr. VEASEY. Absolutely. When I 
graduated from college, paying back my student loans was very, very dif-ficult. And I will tell you that one of the things that I lucked into when I was still in my twenties was that I be-came a congressional aide. I worked for a Member of Congress. 
And there was a student loan pro-
gram for young people that worked on Capitol Hill for them to be able to have some of their student loan debt repaid. Had it not been for that, I don’t know what I would have done because the student debt was eating into my discre-tionary income. 
Again, we want young people to con-
tribute to our economy. We want young people to go and buy that car that they couldn’t afford in college. We want young people to start a family, 
buy a home. 
I mean, the American Dream is being 
able to start a family and buy that home and be able to raise your kids in that home and be able to provide for your family. 
But, unfortunately, more and more of 
our young people are saying, ‘‘You know what. I am going to put off get-ting married. I am going to put off buy-ing that home. I am going to put off putting money into our local economy. I am going to not buy so much for Christmas for my siblings and my par-ents and other people. I can’t afford to because I have thousands and thou-sands of dollars’ worth of student debt.’’ 
We have to figure out some way to do 
something about this, Representative S
WALWELL , or we are going to have an 
entire generation of young people that just has absolutely nowhere to turn. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. You 
know what was interesting? We have had these conversations with people. 
A story I will never forget: We were 
in the Boston area, and we went to Thermo Fisher. We had this town hall with about 200 young people at their workforce, talking to us about student loan debt. I was with Congressman M
OULTON . 
Once we started getting into the 
back-and-forth of the questions with the participants, a woman in the back who was around 55, 60 years old raised her hand and said kind of jokingly, ‘‘You know, I know I am not supposed to be here. This is a millennial town hall.’’ And we told her, ‘‘No. No. It is a mindset. It is not an age.’’ 
But she said, ‘‘I think you are miss-
ing the fact that student loan debt doesn’t just affect millennials,’’ and she told a story about her daughter who had gone to college, which is also a part of that American Dream where we want our young people to go to col-lege, educate themselves. 
But she said that she has found that 
her daughter has come home from col-lege, has over $30,000 in student loan debt and, because of that debt, is not able to even rent near where she works. So what her daughter has done is she has come back home. We are becoming the boomerang generation. 
So that reinforced for me that this 
issue affects the 40 million millennials that you talked about. But, actually, it is a family matter. It affects everyone in the household. 
Have you heard stories like that or 
seen examples of that? 
Mr. VEASEY. Yes. I have absolutely 
heard so many stories like that. 
And it is really interesting. I think, 
when we are all in our twenties, we never think that we are going to get older. 
I have been working in politics now 
since I have been in my twenties, start-ing off as a congressional aide and spending 8 years in Texas State Legis-lature and now as a Member of Con-gress. When you meet kids that are in their 
teens, kids that are in their twenties, they never ask you about Social Secu-rity. They don’t ask you much about what is going on with the national de-fense. And, for years, I can tell you that young people in their teens and twenties never asked me a lot of ques-tions, as an elected official, about many of the issues that affect our country. 
Most of the questions that I would 
get from individuals were usually from people that were baby boomers and older that were concerned about Social Security, concerned about the high cost of food or goods or whatever it may happen to be. 
But let me tell you something. For 
young people in this country, this issue is getting their attention, not being able to pay back their student debt. 
And I can tell you that, when I am at 
townhall meetings, when I am out doing the different events throughout the Dallas/Fort Worth metroplex, the one issue that young people come to me about—and I know that, if someone is in their twenties or early thirties and they are approaching me about an issue, it is probably going to be about student debt. It has really galvanized them like I have never seen before. 
Again, they are going to social media 
like some of the examples that I have talked with you about earlier. They are going to social media. They are going to Instagram and Facebook, talking about student debt, begging the Con-gress to do something about providing more grants. 
Again, we want our country to be 
well-educated. That is how we are going to be able to compete with the rest of the world. 
But guess what. More and more 
young people are hearing, you know, ‘‘Why go to college? Why go to college and be burdened with student debt?’’ 
And guess what. If more and more 
young people hear that, it is going to make us less competitive in the world at a time where we need to be more competitive in all sectors, whether it is in technology, whether it is in manu-facturing. We need an educated work-force. 
I can tell you that young people are 
being discouraged because of a lack of action specifically, really, by Repub-licans in Congress. So we have to keep raising this issue. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Again, 
I appreciate you being with us today, Congressman V
EASEY of Texas. 
You are right. It is about solutions 
and who is acting. I think we all would welcome the bipartisan approach to this. But right now the silence is deaf-ening, and it is affecting a whole gen-eration that is just stuck in financial quicksand. 
One of the solutions that the Future 
Forum has put out there is this idea: Hey, you can refinance an auto loan. You can refinance your home loan. Why shouldn’t our students who are in this financial quicksand be able to refi-nance their student loans at the lowest 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.086 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6885 October 7, 2015 
available rate? We have got legislation 
on that, and I hope it becomes bipar-tisan legislation. But I agree with you on a call to action on this. 
Mr. VEASEY. Thank you, Represent-
ative S
WALWELL . I appreciate that. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Well, 
the Future Forum is a group that has evolved since April, and we are quite interested in engaging with millennials. 
Again, I would invite people tonight 
to engage with us on #futureforum, and we will take questions. 
But this idea of reaching out to a 
generation that is not necessarily yet engaged in new, innovative ways is older than the Future Forum. It actu-ally started about 10 years ago. 
And today we have a little bit of a 
surprise for our Future Forum fol-lowers. We are going to welcome some 
of the original members of the Future Forum who 10 years ago on this House floor redefined what it meant to reach out and talk to the next generation of leaders. 
So it is my honor, it is my privilege, 
to first welcome Congressman T
IM 
RYANof Ohio. T IMsaid it best in 2005, 
10 years ago, when he led the 30–Some-thing Working Group and they took questions on this House floor, as we take them now from Twitter. Congress-man R
YANtook them via email. 
He said, ‘‘Being the 30–Something 
Group, we are trying to take our com-munications to the next level, trying to reach out to the American people, because we have said for quite some time that if we are going to solve prob-lems in this country, that we have to engage the best and brightest talent that is out in the country in order to do this.’’ 
b1830 
Does that sound familiar to the gen-
tleman from Ohio? 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. I don’t remember 
that, but that sounds like something I would have said. That is great. 
Well, thank you. This is bringing 
back a lot of memories. I look at some of our friends that staff the House of Representatives, and we had a lot of long nights where we would come to the House floor sometimes once or twice in an evening back in 2003, 2004, 2005, and then going into 2006 and real-ly used the House floor. There wasn’t Twitter back then, and so a lot has changed with the ability to commu-nicate and organize. 
We had key issues at that point that 
we were working on with D
EBBIE  
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Congressman 
Kendrick Meek from Miami. We were kind of the three Members that would come in here every night. It helped us communicate with not just young peo-ple who may or may not be watching C–SPAN, because there weren’t a lot of them, but we were on later at night, and so we did get some college students who were paying attention to what was going on. We were also talking to their parents, and we were also talking to their grandparents. I think what you guys are doing now 
with the Future Forum is having a conversation with everyone about what the future needs to look like. I think 
that is critically important. You talk about student loans, student debt, and all the rest. I think one issue, too, that we are talking about that doesn’t get a whole lot of coverage is how we create an economy for these young people to go into and what that looks like. I be-lieve that there is an opportunity for us to kind of bring the whole thing to-gether. 
We talk a lot about the environment 
because we are concerned with global warming and what direction we are going in as a country. If you look at places like Iowa and other places, you will see that they have 25 or 30 percent of their energy coming from renewable sources. 
I represent a district in northeast 
Ohio, heavily manufacturing, lost thousands and thousands of manufac-turing jobs over the last couple of dec-ades. When I look at what we need to do to reduce our carbon footprint, to move away from fossil fuels, and to move into a more renewable economy, to me, wind and solar are an oppor-tunity to do that. But it is also an op-portunity for us to bring manufac-turing back. 
So not everyone is going to be a 
Ph.D. and not everyone is going to be a STEM graduate, but if we can get enough of those graduates to figure out how we move the country forward, how we manufacture things again here in the United States, when you think about a windmill that consists of 8,000 component parts, hundreds of tons of steel, gearshifts, bearings, hydraulics, all kinds of component parts that need to be fabricated, to me, if we are going to resuscitate manufacturing in the United States, moving into a renewable economy with wind and solar and all the component parts it entails is an op-portunity for us to re-create the middle class. 
So when we talk about what the fu-
ture is, yeah, maybe the college stu-dents are going to be graduating from the STEM college and they may be en-gineers, but we have got to deal with the grid. We have got to deal with bat-tery storage, and we have got to do re-search and development to figure out how to do it, how to store the energy and all the rest, but we also need to re-suscitate manufacturing. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. What 
colleges do you have in your district? 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. In my district, I 
have three. We have Youngstown State University, which had the first STEM college in the entire State of Ohio, and Akron University, which does a ton of work converting. It used to be the rub-ber capital of the world. Now they are doing polymers, which has a really bright future as well. And we have Kent State University, which is fo-cused on liquid crystal. So we have these universities. 
But, to me, at the end of the day, if 
you don’t get into manufacturing, it needs to become a bigger and bigger 
part to where we are exporting our products, high-end, high-end manufac-turing, advanced manufacturing, and additive manufacturing to the rest of the world. We know we are going to lose some manufacturing, of course, to the lower cost countries, which is a natural evolution of the global econ-omy. The Future Forum and what you are talking about has to be about and is about how we create an economy for these young people, and you are in the process of doing that. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. So, in 
your district, say Youngstown, or my district, Cal State, East Bay, what I have found talking to young people, when we talk about this renewable economy and young people hear that, we are actually in this Congress, under Republican leadership slashing the amount of money we invest in renew-ables and increasing the amount that we spend on fossil fuels, I find that young people, their reaction is: Wait. What? You guys, the rest of the world is going forward in this renewable economy. Germany has 30 percent of its energy from renewables, and the United States is still stuck around 10 to 11 percent? 
I found it generationally, Repub-
licans and Democrats, millennials, they don’t understand why we are kind of stuck in the mud on this issue. I don’t know what you have heard. 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Definitely in 
agreement across generations, across party lines. Being young, you kind of understand it. I think if we can move the conversation away from kind of the dark, the world is going to end, globalization, global warming talk, and more into, okay, how do we become sustainable and what is the path for-ward, and how is that going to benefit everyone moving forward—and I am a kind of an all-of-the-above guy. I think natural gas can be a transition for us, and I think there are a lot of opportu-nities to do that. 
I will tell you this, and I don’t want 
to get into a deep discussion because a lot of people are not in agreement on this. But when you look at the hydrau-lic fracturing which allowed a lot of the natural gas to come up and for us to access it, which is fairly controver-sial in some quarters, but the tech-nology was a partnership between the Department of Energy and the private sector for 30 years, starting in the Car-ter administration, that allowed us to be able to go in and then access this natural gas that is there. 
The same concept as what you were 
talking about is putting the money into the renewables, driving the costs down, having the tax credits in place over a long-term period so that we can bring the costs down and incentivize some investments. At the end of the day, that is how you move forward with creating new sectors of the econ-omy. 
I see the gentleman from Georgia, 
and I thought he was just hanging on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.087 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6886 October 7, 2015 
every word I was saying here, and you 
were so enthralled, and yet you were here to file a rule. 
Mr. WOODALL. I say to my friend, 
you had me at all of the above. You had me at American manufacturing. You had me at jobs for the next genera-tion, and you had me at looking for-ward instead of backwards, not doom and gloom, but how we can work to-gether to solve problems. 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Look at what just 
happened here on the House floor. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. We 
will talk. We will send over some ideas, and we will take some of yours. 
Mr. WOODALL. I will look forward to 
that. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Con-
gressman R
YAN, one of my favorite 
things to do in the spirit of what you and Congresswoman W
ASSERMAN  
SCHULTZ did is you went out and en-
gaged people in new, inventive ways. We do what is called a word cloud. We go to these townhalls, and they can text in answers to questions we pose. One that we often ask them is: What would you spend your money on if you had more money at the end of the month that wasn’t going to student loans? You can see in the word cloud here, which was taken from a recent event, it ranges from rent, house, buy a house, groceries, mortgage, and sav-ings. 
Have you heard this out in Ohio? Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Same deal, and 
that is what every one of those words references is a stronger economy be-cause you have people who are putting money in buying a car or renting a house or buying a house or doing any one of these things. And there they are. There they are. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. I have 
the privilege of having both of you on the floor now, and you can see it is the 10-year reunion of the 30-Somethings. The two of you really charted the path forward for us to do this as the Future Forum. 
We are now joined by the gentle-
woman from Florida, Congresswoman D
EBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . 
I went back and I saw many of the 
different, inventive, and creative ways that you guys engaged our young peo-ple. I was hoping you could just talk about back then, because some of the issues you talked about—rising gas prices at the time, the war in Iraq, and privatization of Social Security—you brought attention on this House floor of these issues to the next generation. Maybe you could just talk about how you did that and then how we can do that today. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Abso-
lutely. I thank the gentleman from California for yielding, and I say to my friend from Ohio that it is good to get the band back together. 
It is really incredible that it has been 
10 years. I don’t really want to think about the birthday that I just had and where that puts me. I guess a few years after we started the 30-Something Working Group at least I and our 
former colleague Kendrick Meek from Florida passed the status of being 30- something, and we were 30-somethings in spirit while we were doing that for a little while. 
I am a little longer past being a 30- 
something now, but it is absolutely critical that we have an opportunity now to pass the torch, Mr. R
YAN, to the 
next generation of 30-somethings who are focused on making sure that, as we go from generation to generation, as Democrats, we are focused on making sure about those cornerstones of a mid-dle class life that we talked about 10 years ago, making sure that you don’t have to choose between buying your groceries or filling your gas tank so you can get to work, which then, if you can’t, would cause you not to be able to afford your groceries. 
Now, 10 years later, Mr. S
WALWELL — 
I had young children back then. Mr. R
YANwas single, and now he has young 
children. My twins are actually 2 years from going to college, so the student debt crisis that has been looming and has existed and has overly burdened so many Americans is now something that my family has trepidation about. So it is incredibly timely that we re-launch this working group and make sure that the issues that are important to that next generation get the atten-tion and the focus on the floor of the United States House of Representa-tives. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. We 
talk a lot about the next generation, and Congressman R
YAN and I were 
talking about how this affects millennials—and I invite my colleague from New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ) to take 
the other podium. 
I don’t know if you have heard this in 
your district, but this issue of college access and affordability is actually a family matter. We just got a tweet from @SKAU61, and she said that she wants to get a BA in accounting, and at 53 she can’t afford to do it. So we are hearing that it is multigenerational, this access. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Will 
the gentleman yield? 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. I yield 
to the gentlewoman from Florida. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. In re-
sponse to your question, whether I have heard this in my district, abso-lutely. The average debt that an indi-vidual carries in student loan debt is about $29,000. That is crushing debt for years to be burdened with. Even Presi-dent Obama, not long prior to becom-ing President, he and the First Lady had both talked about how they only just had paid off their student loan debt just before he took office. 
Imagine into your not even late fif-
ties, late forties, still paying off your debt from college and postgraduate school. It is just outrageous. Yet Re-publicans—and let’s make sure that we zero in on brass tacks here—Repub-licans have consistently denied Ameri-cans the opportunity to reform the stu-dent loan program so that we can en-
sure that when they are paid a salary that it is in line with how much they have to actually pay back out of their monthly paycheck to actually make sure that they can make ends meet. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Re-
claiming my time, I don’t know if ei-ther Mr. R
YAN or Mr. J EFFRIES has 
heard constituent casework like this, but we have constituents in our dis-trict who are having their Social Secu-rity checks garnished because of stu-dent loan debt. 
So I yield to Mr. R
YAN or Mr. 
JEFFRIES , if you heard about this 
multigenerational challenge. 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. I feel like we are 
here to provide a little historical con-text. So when we, back in the day, and that was 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, before the Democrats took over the House a few years back, we had a student loan sys-tem that the banks would do the loans, and the rates were 7, 8, and 9 percent. Then, the Federal Government would back the loan if someone defaulted. So I loan you $100, and if you default, the gentleman from California will pay me. What a great business to be in. No lose. Right? So they were covered, regard-less. We came in and made some seri-ous reforms to limit the amount of monthly payments and for how many years if you are in the public service. 
b1845 
So we made some reforms that I 
think were really, really important. But as the gentlewoman from Florida said, that is the difference. We are ag-gressively trying to pursue ways of fix-ing the problem, and if we do a piece, we come back and then we try to get to the next piece. In the last few years since 2010, we keep running into a brick wall where we are not getting the kind of cooperation. 
But these are the kind of things that 
the government is supposed to do. I think we are pretty clear about that. That is why it is important, as D
EBBIE  
said, for you to keep coming out here night in and night out, because every night somebody is listening to you, some nights more than others. Some nights we weren’t sure if anyone was listening. 
But somebody is listening. You have 
to just keep pounding and pounding and pounding that message because this is what is best for the economy, for families, and everyone else that really is going to make a difference. So it is good you are out here pounding away. 
Mr. JEFFRIES. I thank the distin-
guished gentleman, first, from Cali-fornia for his leadership and for all that you have done to make sure that issues of importance to the next gen-eration of Americans, such as the one that we are discussing here today, get prominence on the House floor, this great vehicle for communicating to the American people, and, of course, to be here with the still young pioneers of this wonderful effort, Congresswoman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.088 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6887 October 7, 2015 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Congressman 
RYAN. It is just a great honor. 
Clearly, we have a student loan debt 
crisis that commands the attention of the American people and should com-mand the attention of people here in the House of Representatives and on the other side of the Capitol, but does not always do so, which is why commu-nicating the urgency of the situation is so significant, just the notion. 
I have got constituents just shocked 
by the fact that, collectively, we have got over $1 trillion of student loan debt here in America. That is a very real number in terms of its implications, as you pointed out, Congressman S
WALWELL , for the capacity of younger 
Americans to robustly pursue the American Dream. 
When you are saddled with that level 
of debt burden, it makes it far more difficult to start a family, far more dif-ficult to purchase a home, far more dif-ficult to be part of the next generation of great American entrepreneurs and innovators, because you are less likely to take a risk if you have got this monthly student loan bill that you are unsure as to how you would pay if you were to take some time off to start a business, to invent the next Google or Facebook or Twitter. 
And so this is really an issue of great 
significance to us, as Americans. And it is a shame. I will make this last ob-servation. 
I sat on the Budget Committee for 
the previous 2 years in the 113th Con-gress, and the same is the case this year, that Republicans continue to put forth a budget that is not designed to alleviate the problem of higher edu-cation affordability. It is designed to make the problem worse. 
It will cut over $220 billion over a 10- 
year period in Federal Government as-sistance in a variety of ways to young-er Americans who are struggling to get a college education and pursue the American Dream. 
That is something that we have got 
to be able to address moving forward or move in a different direction in terms of who the American people send to this Congress to do their business. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. I am 
wondering, especially for our pioneers here tonight, if it would surprise you to hear that, since 2004, when you started this effort, student loan debt has increased from $346 million collec-tively for the country to the $1.2 tril-lion that it is today. That is an in-crease of 235 percent. 
What has happened or what hasn’t 
happened? 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Well, 
what hasn’t happened is a focus in a bi-partisan way on making sure that we make college affordability a top pri-ority. 
I will tell you that I know my hus-
band and I are at the intersection in our family of wanting to make sure that, as we send our twins, two at once, off to college 2 years from now, we will be able to, one, be able to supplement as much as possible their college edu-
cation so that, knowing what we know about the potential for them to have that debt burden when they graduate, we can relieve that possibility, and try-ing to figure out how the heck we are going to add that double-whammy ex-pense when they start college and at the same time being pretty panicked about how much debt they will have to go in themselves if we can’t really make sure—and families all across— less about me and more about the sort of average middle class family that is trying to make sure that they can make ends meet for their whole family and make sure that they can send their kids off to start their lives, which is why President Obama and congres-sional Democrats have proposed that the first 2 years of college be free. 
I will tell you that I have a lot of 
folks at home in south Florida who have said to me, ‘‘You know, if I only had to worry about my kid’s junior and senior year and how we were going to pay for that and we knew that at least they could get an AA degree.’’ 
Over 100 years ago, when we estab-
lished free universal access to public education in elementary grades and eventually secondary grades, no one would question. That was considered controversial back then. No one today would consider universal free public education, except maybe some of our friends on the other side of the aisle. Actually, I take that back. But you wouldn’t question, you wouldn’t think, that universal access to public edu-cation should be free. 
We are at the point now in the 21st 
century where there shouldn’t be any question that the first 2 years of col-lege should be free, and we need our colleagues on the other side of the aisle to join us in that. 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. And part of this is 
not just the first 2 years of college free, but Democrats are also pushing initia-tives like how do you streamline and get high school kids into community college classes early while they are still in high school to start taking and reducing some of those costs. 
We have programs in Canton at 
Stark State where you can get 13 cred-it hours towards a welding certificate. Thirteen of 30 hours can be done before you even graduate from high school. So that reduces and it is free because it is part of your high school public edu-cation. So now you are already start-ing. 
So it is not just about reducing stu-
dent loans and reducing debt and Pell Grants and streamlining the first 2 years. But we also, I think, have an ob-ligation to streamline the current sys-tem that is K–12 or K–14 and make sure we narrow that down. 
I have got to step out, but I just want 
to say thank you. You have got an-other Irish guy here to carry the flag. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. An-
other Floridian, too. 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Another Flo-
ridian. I do want to say just keep pounding away. This is a great way to 
communicate. You guys are doing it. We have to get more and more from your classes to be up here. So keep up the good work. And I am out. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. I am 
glad this reunion happened. You in-spire us to continue going forward. 
I want to ask the gentleman from 
New York—I have been to Manhattan. It reminds me a lot—Manhattan and Brooklyn and Queens and Harlem—re-minds me a lot of what we see in Sil-icon Valley and San Francisco, just the young entrepreneurial minds. 
But when we go to these startup 
spaces or these incubator hubs, I con-stantly hear how much student loan debt affects their ability to invest in themselves and their businesses, and we are finding that our generation is the least entrepreneurial generation America has ever known at our time. 
I am wondering if you have heard 
stories about that and how it is lim-iting investment. 
Mr. JEFFRIES. That is absolutely 
correct. I think what we have to do is really work on changing the equation to facilitate the great minds that we have got in this current generation of younger Americans to be able to go out and be innovators and entrepreneurial in the context of a vastly changing economy as well as a changing dy-namic in terms of the affordability of college education. 
I am troubled by the fact, one, if you 
look at the productivity of the Amer-ican worker, what we have seen, of course, since the early 1970s is that it has increased dramatically, in excess of 275 percent in terms of American worker productivity. 
At the same time, wages during that 
period from the early 1970s to the present have remained largely stag-nant, less than 10 percent. So the equa-tion for the American worker has changed. 
So what we have is that we have got 
younger Americans entering into a workforce where the fundamental equation in terms of their compensa-tion has changed dramatically for the worse, the cost of a college education has increased, the amount of financial assistance relative to the cost of that college education has remained stag-
nant, if not declined in real dollars, and the expectation in terms of the student debt loan burden one is ex-pected to shoulder upon graduation has exploded exponentially. 
You add all those things together and 
it is no surprise that you are going to find yourself in a situation where peo-ple don’t have the same capability of being entrepreneurial as prior genera-tions. 
FDR, of course, brought forth the 
New Deal. What we need for this cur-rent generation of Americans is just a fairer deal in the context of giving them the same opportunities to robustly pursue the American Dream, start great companies, innovate as prior generations, so we can continue to be great. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.090 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6888 October 7, 2015 
I would also note that downtown 
Brooklyn, interestingly enough, which I represent in the wonderful Eighth Congressional District—— 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Is 
that where Silicon Alley is? 
Mr. JEFFRIES. That is part of Sil-
icon Alley. I am so glad that you are familiar with our East Coast lingo. 
But it also has more college students 
in downtown Brooklyn than Boston and Cambridge combined. So there has been a great number of young people who have come to Brooklyn who are contributing to our fantastic innova-tion culture, but who are struggling with the fundamentals of today’s econ-omy and higher education structure that is working against them. 
That is why we are here on the floor 
of the House of Representatives fight-ing to change that. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Here 
on the floor any Californian would be nervous when he or she is outnumbered by Floridians. 
We are joined by the gentleman from 
Florida who represents West Palm Beach, Jupiter/Martin County area. 
What are you hearing in your district 
about student loan debt? 
Mr. MURPHY of Florida. First of all, 
I want to thank the gentleman from California for putting this together and, really, your leadership. You have been at this for years now, talking to other Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle, reminding them about what a critical issue this is. 
Whether I am talking to constituents 
in my district throughout the State of Florida or people here in the House, we have to do more to help more people get access to quality and affordable education at all levels, but certainly higher education. 
When you look at what I would argue 
is one of the biggest problems in our country right now—and that is the dis-appearing middle class and this grow-ing divide we have in our country—un-fortunately or fortunately, depending on how you look at it, as economies continue to evolve and progress, edu-cation becomes more and more of a critical component of that. 
Yet, you look at the policies and you 
look at really what is holding so many people back, just listening to the gen-tleman from New York here talking about that lack of opportunity and the debt that is holding so many people back from taking that risk to go ahead and become that entrepreneur, to be that innovative spirit that made Amer-ica so great because they might have $100,000 of debt, they might have a fam-ily, they might have some kids, and they are so concerned about this debt, they don’t want to take that risk. 
That is not what America is about. 
America is about taking that risk with having education to do it and then turning it into something great. And understanding that not every risk is going to always pay off, but you have to have that background, that edu-cation, to get you there. And if you are saddled with hundreds 
of thousands of dollars of debt and overly complex methods to repay them, not being able to refinance, et cetera, then you have a problem. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Will 
the gentleman yield? 
Mr. MURPHY of Florida. I yield to 
the gentlewoman from Florida. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Be-
cause I want to engage as we used to do. And I know that you do this as well. But I just want to follow up on what you just said because the gen-tleman from California posed the ques-tion and stated the fact that millennials today really aren’t starting new businesses. You would think—and we envision them to be the start-up generation. They are living in a start- up era, but, yet, they can’t see it. 
To use the vernacular of the gen-
tleman of Florida, Congressman M
EEKS , when we were throwing things 
around on the House floor 10 years ago, let’s put the cookie on the bottom shelf here. 
If, as you just said, they are saddled 
with the burden of significant debt coming out of college when they get a degree, it is very difficult for them to see a pathway to develop that small business, to envision being a pioneer of the next great industry. 
So we are literally saddling them 
with a heavy burden as they leave what is supposed to be the jumping-off point for the next phase of their lives. We are supposed to be passing them the baton so that they can move America for-ward. It is just not fair. It is not right. And our friends on the other side of the aisle are part of the problem. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. 
Millennials are very collaborative. They are, I would believe, a problem- solving generation. 
What is so frustrating when we talk 
to them at college campuses or at their work sites is they ask, ‘‘Well, what are you doing about it?’’ And I believe my colleagues here would be happy, thrilled, to work with our colleagues across the aisle on solutions on this. 
But I am just curious. Do you know 
how many bills we voted on to address student loan debt this Congress? Zero. Zero bills. 
b1900 
At the end of the day, it is not just 
the least entrepreneurial. We are the least home owning. We are more likely to delay starting a family by about 5 years. So everything that the genera-tion before us had, we are delaying: buying a home, starting a family, starting a business. As the gentleman from New York pointed out, it is af-fecting the economy. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. I want-
ed to share my own personal story very briefly. 
You know, I happened to get married 
fairly young at 24 years old. Grad-uating from a public university, the University of Florida, without debt, the progress I was able to make at the beginning of my adult life, at the be-
ginning of my professional life, enabled me to have a much longer ramp and see many more possibilities because I didn’t have that debt. 
My husband and I were able to buy 
our first house right after we got mar-ried, and we have been able to make sure that we can make choices that will maximize our opportunities to en-sure that our children, when we had them and now are raising them, have opportunities. 
It is so sad that the millennial gen-
eration really doesn’t see it, doesn’t be-lieve it, and that is because there is ob-stacle after obstacle being thrown in their way right from the start of their most formative years. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. On an 
issue you would never imagine to be partisan. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Unbe-
lievable. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Well, 
I thank the gentlewoman from Florida for joining us. I hope to see her back. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Thank 
you. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I don’t know if the gentleman from New York heard, but in 2012, the New York Fed reported that for the first time in a decade, 30-year-old stu-dent borrowers were less likely to take out a home mortgage than other young people. 
Are you seeing in the New York area 
or hearing from your constituents about how student loan debt is affect-ing their ability to buy a house? 
I yield to the gentleman from New 
York. 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, that is 
absolutely the case. Certainly in Brooklyn, which has become now an attractive place for so many people to reside, not just from the city, the re-gion, all across the country and, in-deed, the world, yet many of the young people who have moved to Brooklyn who are starting a life in Brooklyn are renting in Brooklyn. They are unable to purchase a home. 
Some of that has to do with the sig-
nificant appreciation in home value that we have witnessed over the last decade, but a lot of that has to do with the fact that they can’t see their way to either a downpayment on a home or carrying a monthly mortgage, given the student loan debt burden that they have been forced to shoulder as a result of the structure that has been put in place in terms of higher education in America. 
You made an important observation 
earlier in referencing the President’s plan for free community college edu-cation. If we can just dwell there for a second, what is important to note is it used to be the case, for prior genera-tions who started the great American middle class after helping to liberate the world coming back home to Amer-ica after World War II, that if you just had a high school diploma, for many individuals, that was a pathway into 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.091 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6889 October 7, 2015 
the middle class. That is no longer the 
case in today’s 21st century economy. 
You can get a high school diploma at 
a high-quality public school for free without any debt. So, at that point, as you entered into the workforce, you could think about starting a family, purchasing a home, and doing other things consistent with what it means to be part of the great American mid-dle class. That is no longer the case. A high school diploma is not a pathway into the middle class. You have got to at least go to college, if not get a grad-uate degree. 
Given the high cost of a college edu-
cation, it has changed the equation for younger Americans in terms of their entry into the middle class. That is why looking at bold proposals, such as dramatically reducing, if not elimi-nating, the cost of public higher edu-cation at the community college level, if not beyond, is something that we have got to put front and center on the agenda here in the House of Represent-atives. 
Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, adding on to what the gentleman from New York said, not only should we be looking at those sorts of pro-posals, but we should be looking at some of the existing programs we have, like Pell grants. The numbers that we have been talking about, this sky-rocketing cost of education has in-creased 200-some percent over the last decade. That is unsustainable. 
Yet look at what Pell grants have 
done. The maximum Pell grant has not gone up ratably in the same amount of time. So let’s talk about expanding these programs. 
I think we need to really change the 
dynamic of the conversation to your point where it is really about return on investment. You know, we need to look at this from a business perspective: What is the best ROI of taxpayer money? 
I look at some of the bills that we 
have all worked on together here. One bill that comes to mind is called the SAVE Act. It is a bill where we identi-fied $479 billion of wasteful, duplica-tive, fraudulent government spending. Let’s start implementing and start finding those savings and putting that into education, ensuring that that re-turn on investment for taxpayer money is truly there. We all know a dollar spent on education is going to come back in droves for future generations in this economy. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Con-
gressman M
URPHY , your district, the 
State of Florida, has a lot of veterans. People always ask: What is the biggest surprise you have found since going to Congress? 
I don’t know if you guys have had 
that question posed to you. 
For me, the biggest surprise I have 
found since coming to Congress is just how poorly our veterans have been treated. Something that is even more surprising, which I found doing these Future Forum tours—I don’t know if you have heard about this—but a GI 
Bill doesn’t even cover the full cost of college anymore. 
So the veterans who have served our 
country, fought abroad, risked their lives, saw their friends and sometimes family members killed, when they come back home, the GI Bill can’t even get them all the way through college. That is how expensive college has be-come, and we can’t even take care of our veterans. 
So when you talk about Pell grants, 
I am wondering if you have talked to veterans and heard about the gaps in funding that they are experiencing as they try and advance their skills when they get back home. 
I yield to the gentleman from Flor-
ida. 
Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I have, and I think it is a great topic to talk about, and one that we should be able to find bipartisan sup-port on. 
Because of some of the conversations 
I have had with some veterans and folks in my district, we introduced some legislation that would help vet-erans with their application costs. It’s not just the cost of education. Some-times it is just getting there. And these application costs getting into college can be $200, $500, and it could be even more than that. 
So when you are coming back and 
you are thinking about a decision, you might only have a couple of hundred bucks and you might have to make a decision, I am only going to apply to one school. That is not, I don’t think, the intent. You should be able to have some options and see what options come back to you where you get ac-cepted, et cetera. 
So, in this legislation, the intent is 
to waive some of these fees for applica-tion costs for these veterans to help them get onto that higher education. 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, if I can 
add to that observation that was made by my good friend from the Sunshine State, the three of us had a wonderful opportunity to visit Israel together, along with several other members of our class and, of course, S
TENY HOYER , 
who led the delegation in August of 2013. 
I was struck in our conversations 
with some of the members of the Israeli society how well those individ-uals who had served in the IDF and then matriculated into society were treated. Their service in the IDF was highly valued—not just via words, but through deeds—and it enabled them to really build a successful career. They were treated with reverence. 
Congressman S
WALWELL , one of the 
things that perhaps was most dis-concerting about my first few years in this institution is there is a lot of rhet-oric—I guess I shouldn’t be surprised that this is a place where there is a lot of hot air often spewed—that is devoid of substance. And in the area of vet-erans, in particular, what we find is that there is a lot of talk about treat-ing veterans appropriately in terms of 
the sacrifice that they have made, their service, but we haven’t really filled in the blanks in terms of sub-stance. 
One of the areas that clearly is prob-
lematic is the fact, though we are promising to enable them once they leave their service to assist with fur-thering their educational goals, we are not providing them with the financial assistance and the resources necessary to actually make that happen. So I em-brace efforts by Congressman M
URPHY  
and others to try to fill in the blanks in that regard, but a whole lot more needs to be done. We should be treating our veterans with the same reverence and respect, not just rhetorically, but substantively, as is done in Israel, our good friend and ally, and many other places in this world. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. 
Speaker, it was an unforgettable trip. We learned a lot about their innovation economy, but we also saw firsthand how they valued the service of those who stood on the front lines for their country. 
So we are hitting the end of our hour 
here. 
The gentleman from Florida, any 
parting thoughts or actions? 
Our generation, we are an action-ori-
ented generation. We are not very pa-tient. We are a little stubborn. We like to see results. 
And you come to Congress under the 
leadership of this House across the aisle, and we don’t see many results. I think we collectively want to work with anyone who is willing to work with us on our Republican colleagues’ side to find results. 
Any thoughts on what can we do to 
help a whole generation that is in fi-nancial quicksand right now? 
I yield to the gentleman from Flor-
ida. 
Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I want to remind those watching and our friends on the other side of the aisle that this is, I think, a great op-portunity for bipartisanship. 
When I talk to voters, whether it is 
around the district or around the State, they are tired of seeing the non-sense. You know, they look at their jobs and they haven’t seen a raise in 10 years. They look at their children who either maybe haven’t gotten into col-lege or do get into college and graduate and they have got hundreds of thou-sands of dollars of debt. When they turn on C–SPAN, they see us bickering and arguing about nonsense. 
This is a serious problem. This is 
something that has to be addressed soon. It should have been addressed years ago. Let’s stop the rhetoric and let’s start talking to each other and solving these problems and making sure that, not only are we bringing down the cost of higher education, but we are making sure that those who do have the student loans are on an or-derly repayment structure, one that makes sense, one that is reasonable per 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.092 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6890 October 7, 2015 
their income. Let’s make sure that the 
dream of America is still alive for fu-ture generations. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida for participating in this. 
I invite anyone at home to follow 
along, follow the conversation at #futureforum. Engage with these Mem-bers and others. 
I yield to the gentleman from New 
York. Any parting thoughts on what we can do as a Congress to unite and solve this problem? 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the distinguished gentleman from the Golden State for his leadership and for putting forth this effort, bringing in younger Members of Congress to be able to speak to issues of relevance, not just to the entire body of the American people, but specifically to the next generation of Americans that will continue to make this country great as long as we provide them with the tools and the opportunity. 
I agree with my good friend from 
Florida that this is an issue that should not be partisan in nature. This is an issue that impacts people from north to south, to the east and the west, from urban communities, subur-ban communities, rural communities, red States, blue States, all over Amer-ica. I think what we are saying here today is that we extend out our arms, our olive branch of friendship and part-nership on behalf of the American peo-ple to try to solve this problem to-gether. 
It is clear that there is a problem, it 
cannot be denied, and it is one that re-quires urgent intervention in order to make sure that we can continue to pre-serve the American Dream for the greatest number of younger Americans possible. Right now, the dream is being suffocated in ways that threaten our economic vitality moving forward, and that is a tragedy. But I remain opti-mistic. We were sent here all collec-tively to get things done, and I look forward to working together in that re-gard. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. 
Speaker, that is right. We were sent here to do our job, to be problem solv-ers and really be voices, I think, for all generations of Americans, but espe-cially this generation which is the largest generation America has ever known. It is the most diverse genera-tion America has ever known, and I think it is one of the most aspirational generations America has ever known. They are waiting for anybody in this body to help them get out of this finan-cial quicksand and start being able to be empowered and really realize their own American Dream. 
So I thank the gentlemen for partici-
pating today. I thank our pioneers from the 30-Somethings and invite them to come back for a 10-year re-union. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 538, NATIVE AMERICAN EN-ERGY ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 702, AD-APTATION TO CHANGING CRUDE OIL MARKETS 
Mr. WOODALL (during the Special 
Order of Mr. S
WALWELL of California), 
from the Committee on Rules, sub-mitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–290) on the resolution (H. Res. 466) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 538), to facilitate the develop-ment of energy on Indian lands by re-ducing Federal regulations that impede tribal development of Indian lands, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 702) to adapt to changing crude oil market conditions, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Ms. G RANGER (at the request of Mr. 
MCCARTHY ) for today on account of at-
tending a funeral. 
f 
SENATE CONCURRENT 
RESOLUTION REFERRED 
A Concurrent Resolution of the Sen-
ate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. Con. Res. 22. Concurrent Resolution rec-
ognizing the 50th anniversary of the White House Fellows program; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED 
The Speaker announced his signature 
to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 986. An act to require the Secretary of 
the Interior to take into trust 4 parcels of Federal land for the benefit of certain Indian Pueblos in the State of New Mexico. 
S. 1300. An act to amend the section 221 of 
the Immigration and Nationality Act to pro-vide relief for adoptive families from immi-grant visa fees in certain situations. 
S. 2078. An act to reauthorize the United 
States Commission on International Reli-gious Freedom, and for other purposes. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 7 o’clock and 14 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, October 8, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 3071. A letter from the Under Secretary, 
Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s Chemical Demilitarization Pro-gram Semi-Annual Report to Congress, pur-suant to 50 U.S.C. 1521(j); to the Committee on Armed Services. 
3072. A letter from the Director, Regula-
tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — National Environmental Policy Act; Envi-ronmental Assessments for Tobacco Prod-ucts; Categorical Exclusions [Docket No.: FDA-2013-N-1282] received October 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
3073. A letter from the Deputy Director, 
ODRM, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — 2015 Edition Health Infor-mation Technology (Health IT) Certification Criteria, 2015 Edition Base Electronic Health Record (EHR) Definition, and ONC Health IT Certification Program Modifications (RIN: 0991-AB93) received October 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3074. A letter from the Deputy Chief, Com-
petition Policy Division, Wireline Competi-tion Bureau, Federal Communications Com-mission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Technology Transitions [GN Docket No.: 13-5]; Policies and Rules Gov-erning Retirement of Copper Loops by In-cumbent Local Exchange Carriers [RM- 11358]; Special Access for Price Cap Local Ex-change Carriers [WC Docket No.: 05-25]; AT&T Corporation Petition for Rulemaking to Reform Regulation of Incumbent Local Exchange Carrier Rates for Interstate Spe-cial Access Services [RM-10593] received Oc-tober 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3075. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final NUREG — 17.5 Quality Assurance Pro-gram Description — Design Certification, Early Site Permit and New License Appli-cants (NUREG-0800) received October 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
3076. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-032; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
3077. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-069; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
3078. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Secs. 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-062; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3079. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s combined re-ports on ‘‘U.S. Assistance for Palestinian Se-curity Forces’’ and ’’Benchmarks for Pales-tinian Security Assistance Funds‘‘, pursuant to the Department of State, Foreign Oper-ations, and Related Programs Appropria-tions Act, 2015 (Division J, Pub. L. 113-235); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3080. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-
viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07OC7.093 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6891 October 7, 2015 
State, transmitting agreements prepared by 
the Department of State concerning inter-national agreements, other than treaties en-tered into by the United States, to be trans-mitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
3081. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s final rule — Overtime Pay for Border Patrol Agents (RIN: 3206-AN19) re-ceived September 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3082. A letter from the Chairman and Mem-
bers, United States Capitol Police Board, transmitting the Board’s letter commending the United States Capitol Police and a num-ber of Senate, House and Congressional sup-port offices for their tireless work over the past six months to plan, coordinate, choreo-graph and execute the Papal visit to the United States Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. 
3083. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Disturbance Monitoring and Reporting Re-quirements Reliability Standard [Docket No.: RM15-4-000; Order No.: 814] received Oc-tober 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3084. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Exchange of Flatfish in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Man-agement Area [Docket No.: 141021887-5172-02] (RIN: 0648-XE183) received October 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
3085. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2015 Commercial Ac-countability Measure and Closure for South Atlantic Gray Triggerfish; July Through De-cember Season [Docket No.: 141107936-5399-02] (RIN: 0648-XE004) received October 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
3086. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries [Docket No.: 120328229-4949-02] (RIN: 0648- XE095) received October 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
3087. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Snapper- Grouper Resources of the South Atlantic; Trip Limit Reduction [Docket No.: 130312235- 3658-02] (RIN: 0648-XE126) received October 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
3088. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Atlantic Surfclam and Ocean Quahog 
Fisheries; 2016 Fishing Quotas for Atlantic Surfclams and Ocean Quahogs; and Suspen-sion of Minimum Atlantic Surfclam Size Limit [Docket No.: 900124-0127] (RIN: 0648- 
XE164) received October 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
3089. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pacific Cod in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area [Docket No.: 141021887-5172-02] (RIN: 0648-XE203) received October 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
3090. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Bluefish Fishery; Quota Transfer [Docket No.: 140117052-4402-02] (RIN: 0648-XE096) received October 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
3091. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s modification of fishing seasons — Fisheries Off West Coast States; Modifications of the West Coast Commercial and Recreational Salmon Fisheries; Inseason Actions #22 through #29 [Docket No.: 150316270-5270-01] (RIN: 0648-XE121) received October 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
3092. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Bluefish Fishery; Quota Transfer [Docket No.: 140117052-4402-02] (RIN: 0648-XE162) received October 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
3093. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Exchange of Flatfish in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Man-agement Area [Docket No.: 141021887-5172-02] (RIN: 0648-XE152) received October 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
3094. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Northern Rockfish in the Western Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska [Docket No.: 140918791-4999-02] (RIN: 0648-XE170) received October 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
3095. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Empresa Brasileira de Aeronautica S.A. (Embraer) Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0586; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-255- AD; Amendment 39-18256; AD 2015-17-23] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 5, 2015, pursuant 
to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
3096. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0753; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-128- AD; Amendment 39-18270; AD 2015-19-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
3097. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0126; Directorate Identifier 2013- NM-236-AD; Amendment 39-18267; AD 2015-19- 04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
3098. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2013-1071; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-204-AD; Amendment 39-18264; AD 2015-19-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
3099. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2014-0127; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-237-AD; Amendment 39-18265; AD 2015-19-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
3100. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2014-0194; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-022-AD; Amendment 39-18266; AD 2015-19-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
3101. A letter from the Chief, Trade and 
Commercial Regulations Branch, Customs and Border Protection, Department of Home-land Security, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Extension of Import Re-strictions on Certain Categories of Archae-ological Material From the Pre-Hispanic Cultures of the Republic of Nicaragua [CBP Dec. 15-13] (RIN: 1515-AE05) received October 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
3102. A letter from the Chief, Trade and 
Commercial Regulations Branch, Customs and Border Protection, Department of Home-land Security, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Major interim final rule — Auto-mated Commercial Environment (ACE) Fil-ings for Electronic Entry/Entry Summary (Cargo Release and Related Entry) [USCBP- 2015-0045] (RIN: 1515-AE03) received October 
6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
3103. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L07OC7.000 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6892 October 7, 2015 
Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only 
rule — Request for Comments on Definitions of Section 48 Property [Notice 2015-70] re-ceived October 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
3104. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — 2015 Marginal Production Rates [No-tice 2015-65] received October 6, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
3105. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — 2015 Section 43 Inflation Adjustment [Notice 2015-64] received October 6, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
3106. A letter from the Deputy Director, 
ODRM, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rules — Medicare and Medicaid Programs; Electronic Health Record Incen-tive Program — Stage 3 and Modifications to Meaningful Use in 2015 through 2017 [CMS- 3310-FC and CMS-3311-FC] (RINs: 0938-AS26 and 0938-AS58) received October 6, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; jointly to the Com-mittees on Ways and Means and Energy and Commerce. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BYRNE: Committee on Rules. House 
Resolution 466. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 538) to facilitate the development of energy on Indian lands by reducing Federal regulations that impede tribal development of Indian lands, and for other purposes, and providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 702) to adapt to chang-ing crude oil market conditions (Rept. 114– 290). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 3442. A bill to provide further means of accountability of the United States debt and promote fiscal re-sponsibility (Rept. 114–291). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Ms. TITUS: 
H.R. 3696. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to prevent Medicare part B premium and deductible increases for 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ: 
H.R. 3697. A bill to modernize and improve 
the program for economic opportunities for low-income persons under section 3 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. COFFMAN (for himself, Mr. 
V
ARGAS , Mr. K INGof New York, and 
Ms. D UCKWORTH ): 
H.R. 3698. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to authorize the enlistment in the Armed Forces of additional persons who are residing in the United States and to law-fully admit for permanent residence certain enlistees who are not citizens or other na-tionals of the United States; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. WESTMORELAND (for himself, 
Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, and Mr. 
SMITH of Missouri): 
H.R. 3699. A bill to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to require an annual report from the Financial Management Service within the Department of the Treasury re-garding amounts paid or payable by Federal agencies to the judgement fund, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. LUETKEMEYER: 
H.R. 3700. A bill to provide housing oppor-
tunities in the United States through mod-ernization of various housing programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 
By Mrs. BLACK (for herself and Mr. 
M
CDERMOTT ): 
H.R. 3701. A bill to require that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury make available an Internet platform for Form 1099 filings; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for 
himself, Mr. C
OLE, and Mr. B ECERRA ): 
H.R. 3702. A bill to provide for additional 
space for the protection and preservation of national collections held by the Smithsonian Institution; to the Committee on House Ad-ministration, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. KIND (for himself and Mr. 
K
ELLY of Pennsylvania): 
H.R. 3703. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend qualified zone academy bonds for 2 years and to reduce the private business contribution requirement with respect to such bonds; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. MEADOWS (for himself and Mr. 
B
UTTERFIELD ): 
H.R. 3704. A bill to clarify that nonprofit 
organizations such as Habitat for Humanity can accept donated mortgage appraisals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 
By Mr. PITTENGER: 
H.R. 3705. A bill to require certain finan-
cial regulators to determine whether new regulations or orders are duplicative or in-consistent with existing Federal regulations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. REICHERT (for himself, Ms. 
M
CCOLLUM , Ms. L EE, and Mr. 
MCCAUL): 
H.R. 3706. A bill to implement policies to 
end preventable maternal, newborn, and child deaths globally; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Ms. TSONGAS: 
H.R. 3707. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of the Interior, in consultation with the Groundwork USA national office, to provide 
grants to certain nonprofit organizations; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Nat-ural Resources, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
f 
MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials 
were presented and referred as follows: 
142. The SPEAKER presented a memorial 
of the Legislature of the State of California, relative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 10, requesting that the Congress of the United States take immediate action to extend the federal investment tax credit in Sections 48 and 25D of Title 26 of the United States Code; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
143. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of California, relative to Assembly Joint Resolution No. 17, urging the President and the Congress of the United States to enact Senate Bill 664, known as the Foster Care Tax Credit Act, which would provide tax relief to short-term foster parents by helping to cover the actual costs of caring for a foster child; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
144. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the 
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, relative to Senate Resolution No. 54, urging the Presi-dent and the Congress of the United States to consider imposing tariffs on imported an-thracite coal in order to preserve American jobs; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
145. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the 
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, relative to Senate Resolution No. 136, condemning the International Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement and its activities in Pennsylvania for seeking to undermine the Jewish peoples’ right to self-determination, which they are fulfilling in the State of Israel; jointly to the Committees on Foreign Affairs and the Judiciary. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. TITUS: 
H.R. 3696. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress 
shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States; 
By Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ: 
H.R. 3697. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to . . . 
provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States; . . .’’ 
By Mr. COFFMAN: 
H.R. 3698. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 Clause 14 states that 
‘‘Congress shall have the power to make 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L07OC7.000 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6893 October 7, 2015 
rules for the government and regulation of 
the land and naval forces.’’ This Act amends the enlistment rules to include selected indi-viduals who are not natural citizens or legal permanent residents. 
Article 1 Section 8 Clause 4 states that 
‘‘Congress shall have the power to establish an uniform rule of naturalization.’’ Congres-sional power over naturalization is an exclu-sive power and this power is the only one free from constitutional limitations on its exercise. Citizenship by naturalization is a privilege to be given, qualified or withheld as Congress may determine and an individual may claim it as a right only upon compli-ance with the terms Congress imposes. 
By Mr. WESTMORELAND: 
H.R. 3699. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. LUETKEMEYER: 
H.R. 3700. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the explicit power of Congress to regulate commerce in and among the states, as enumerate in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, the Commerce Clause, of the United States Constitution. 
Additionally, Article 1, Section 7, Clause 2 
of the Constitution allows for every bill passed by the House of Representatives and the Senate and signed by the President to be codified into law; and therefore implicitly al-lows Congress to repeal any bill that has been passed by both chambers and signed into law by the President. 
By Mrs. BLACK: 
H.R. 3701. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Fourth Amendment to the United 
States Constitution as well as Article 1, Sec-tion 8 of the United States Constitution which grants Congress the authority to lay and collect taxes and duties. It is the inher-ent duty of elected members of Congress to protect U.S. taxpayer information from mis-use. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: 
H.R. 3702. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 17, giving Con-
gress exclusive jurisdiction over the District of Columbia. That clause was cited as the au-thority for the government’s ability to ac-cept the original Smithson donation and the creation of the Smithsonian Institution via the Act of August 10, 1846. 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, the Nec-
essary and Proper clause, which provides the power to enact legislation necessary to effec-tuate one of the earlier enumerated powers, such as the authority granted in Clause 17 above. 
By Mr. KIND: 
H.R. 3703. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
All Bills for raising Revenue shall origi-
nate in the House of Representatives; but the Senate may propose or concur with Amend-ments as on other Bills. 
ARTICLE I, SECTION 7, CLAUSE 1 
By Mr. MEADOWS: 
H.R. 3704. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: Congress shall have Power to lay and col-
lect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United 
States. 
By Mr. PITTENGER: 
H.R. 3705. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 1: All legislative Powers 
herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States 
By Mr. REICHERT: 
H.R. 3706. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion, specifically clause 1 (relating to pro-viding for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations re-specting the territory or other property be-longing to the United States).’’ 
By Ms. TSONGAS: 
H.R. 3707. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 10: Mr. M ULVANEY and Mr. B LUM. 
H.R. 140: Mr. H UDSON . 
H.R. 167: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey and Mr. 
POSEY . 
H.R. 223: Mr. T URNER . 
H.R. 224: Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. P LASKETT , Ms. 
LEE, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS 
of Illinois, Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. D EGETTE , Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. 
PRICE of North Carolina, Mr. H ASTINGS , and 
Ms. A DAMS . 
H.R. 226: Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 241: Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 244: Mrs. R OBY. 
H.R. 257: Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 346: Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 390: Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 410: Mr. D EUTCH and Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 482: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. 
H.R. 539: Mr. V ISCLOSKY and Ms. 
DUCKWORTH . 
H.R. 546: Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 592: Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. 
MOONEY of West Virginia, and Mrs. R OBY. 
H.R. 711: Mr. W EBER of Texas. 
H.R. 748: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 775: Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. 
NORCROSS , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, and Mr. C OOK. 
H.R. 823: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 842: Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . 
H.R. 851: Mrs. R ADEWAGEN . 
H.R. 921: Mr. H ENSARLING and Mr. M OONEY  
of West Virginia. 
H.R. 953: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. D ESAULNIER , and 
Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 985: Mrs. D INGELL . 
H.R. 1062: Mr. H ULTGREN . 
H.R. 1078: Mr. B ERA. 
H.R. 1090: Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. B ROOKS  
of Alabama, Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. A BRA-
HAM, Mrs. B LACK , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of Cali-
fornia, Mr. H UDSON , and Mr. F LORES . 
H.R. 1093: Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 1094: Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 1192: Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. 
LANGEVIN , Mr. H UNTER , and Mr. Y ODER . H.R. 1217: Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. I SRAEL , Mrs. 
TORRES , Mr. B ERA, Mr. N OLAN , Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Mr. B EYER , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. 
CASTOR of Florida, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. C OHEN , 
Mr. C ROWLEY , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. 
DEGETTE , Mr. H OYER , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. T ED 
LIEU of California, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. M CNERNEY , 
Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. M AX-
INEWATERS of California, Ms. D UCKWORTH , 
Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. 
LIPINSKI , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, 
Mr. C OURTNEY , and Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H.R. 1218: Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 1220: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn-
sylvania, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. V ELA, Mr. M OON-
EYof West Virginia, Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. 
ASHFORD , and Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 1233: Mr. H URD of Texas, Mr. M ICA, 
and Mr. R OONEY of Florida. 
H.R. 1258: Mrs. W AGNER and Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN . 
H.R. 1292: Mr. R OSS, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
WELCH , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1309: Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. 
LONG, and Mr. R OONEY of Florida. 
H.R. 1356: Mr. Z ELDIN and Mr. M OULTON . 
H.R. 1405: Mr. F OSTER and Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY . 
H.R. 1421: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. 
GRIFFITH , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. 
DENHAM , and Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 1479: Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. H URD of Texas and Mr. 
YODER . 
H.R. 1586: Mr. E LLISON and Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 1594: Mr. H ILLand Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 1603: Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. 
AMODEI , and Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 1608: Mr. M EADOWS . 
H.R. 1610: Mr. G UTHRIE . 
H.R. 1655: Mrs. C APPS , Mr. K INGof Iowa, 
Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, and Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK . 
H.R. 1666: Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 1671: Mr. R IBBLE and Mr. K ELLY of 
Mississippi. 
H.R. 1716: Mr. N UGENT . 
H.R. 1736: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 1737: Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. N UNES , Mr. 
ALLEN , and Mr. H UDSON . 
H.R. 1784: Mr. Y ODER and Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 1786: Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. C OSTELLO of 
Pennsylvania, Ms. B ASS, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. 
LEVIN, Mr. H OYER , and Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 1859: Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 1877: Mr. A GUILAR and Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 1942: Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. P INGREE , Mrs. 
WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. S ALMON , and Ms. N OR-
TON. 
H.R. 2017: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. 
H.R. 2043: Mr. Z INKE, Mr. K ELLY of Penn-
sylvania, and Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 2046: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 2067: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN . 
H.R. 2083: Ms. B ASS. 
H.R. 2090: Ms. A DAMS and Ms. F UDGE . 
H.R. 2114: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York. 
H.R. 2156: Mr. Z INKE. 
H.R. 2172: Mr. P IERLUISI . 
H.R. 2205: Mr. M OOLENAAR and Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO . 
H.R. 2216: Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 2248: Mr. F ATTAH . 
H.R. 2255: Mr. S MITH of Nebraska. 
H.R. 2315: Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 2327: Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 2342: Ms. M OORE and Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 2350: Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H.R. 2368: Ms. L OFGREN and Mr. B LU-
MENAUER . 
H.R. 2400: Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. K NIGHT , 
and Mr. C ALVERT . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07OC7.032 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6894 October 7, 2015 
H.R. 2404: Mr. M OULTON and Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 2406: Mr. R ATCLIFFE . 
H.R. 2450: Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. L OFGREN , 
Mr. N ADLER , and Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 2451: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 2463: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 2494: Mr. K ATKO and Mr. C ARTER of 
Georgia. 
H.R. 2553: Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. 
BEYER , and Ms. F RANKEL of Florida. 
H.R. 2597: Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 2639: Mr. F ATTAH . 
H.R. 2646: Mr. A SHFORD and Mr. Y ODER . 
H.R. 2652: Mr. F LEMING . 
H.R. 2654: Mrs. D INGELL and Mr. F ATTAH . 
H.R. 2671: Ms. S INEMA , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. 
BORDALLO , and Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 2672: Ms. S INEMA , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. 
BORDALLO , and Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 2673: Ms. S INEMA , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. 
BORDALLO , and Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 2674: Ms. S INEMA , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. 
BORDALLO , and Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 2675: Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 2680: Mr. F ATTAH . 
H.R. 2698: Mr. H ANNA and Mr. S IMPSON . 
H.R. 2699: Mr. D EUTCH . 
H.R. 2713: Ms. B ASS. 
H.R. 2726: Mr. K NIGHT . 
H.R. 2732: Mr. D EUTCH . 
H.R. 2759: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
RYANof Ohio, and Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 2805: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2847: Mr. B ERAand Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 2867: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. W ALZ, and Mr. 
VISCLOSKY . 
H.R. 2896: Mr. M ICA. 
H.R. 2901: Mr. M ARINO . 
H.R. 2903: Mr. R YAN of Ohio and Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO . 
H.R. 2911: Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. H ENSARLING , 
Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. S TIVERS , 
Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. H ECK of 
Washington, and Mr. M ULLIN . 
H.R. 2918: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 2922: Mr. Y ODER . 
H.R. 3024: Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 3033: Mr. N EUGEBAUER . 
H.R. 3036: Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. M EEKS , and 
Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 3048: Mr. B RIDENSTINE and Mr. 
MULLIN . 
H.R. 3051: Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. E LLISON , and 
Mr. D ESAULNIER . H.R. 3052: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. 
H.R. 3084: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 3094: Mr. L OUDERMILK and Mr. A LLEN . 
H.R. 3099: Mr. A MODEI and Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 3108: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 3132: Mr. D ESAULNIER and Ms. F UDGE . 
H.R. 3136: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 3187: Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 3221: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 3222: Mr. H ILL. 
H.R. 3286: Mr. T AKANO and Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 3294: Mr. H ECKof Washington. 
H.R. 3304: Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 3309: Mrs. W ALORSKI . 
H.R. 3314: Mr. Y ODER and Mr. P ALMER . 
H.R. 3326: Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. C ARTER of 
Georgia, Mr. B OST, and Mr. S MITH of Mis-
souri. 
H.R. 3339: Mr. P AYNE . 
H.R. 3459: Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mrs. B ROOKS of 
Indiana, Mr. L ATTA , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. B UR-
GESS, Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. F INCHER , Mr. C OFF-
MAN, Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. H ULTGREN , and Mr. 
WESTERMAN . 
H.R. 3463: Mr. L ATTA , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of 
Illinois, and Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 3466: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 3471: Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 3480: Mr. L OUDERMILK and Mr. J ODYB. 
HICEof Georgia. 
H.R. 3484: Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. L OWENTHAL , and 
Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD . 
H.R. 3531: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 3532: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 3539: Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 3542: Ms. A DAMS . 
H.R. 3564: Mr. P OEof Texas. 
H.R. 3568: Mr. P AULSEN and Mr. B LU-
MENAUER . 
H.R. 3573: Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H.R. 3589: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida. 
H.R. 3611: Mr. D ENTand Mr. C ALVERT . 
H.R. 3616: Mr. J ONES , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. 
BISHOP of Utah, Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. M ILLER of 
Florida, Mr. N UGENT , Mr. C OOK, Mr. T URNER , 
and Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 3621: Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 3626: Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. M OOLENAAR , and Mr. S MITH of 
Missouri. 
H.R. 3632: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 3640: Mr. K NIGHT . 
H.R. 3641: Mr. A SHFORD . H.R. 3648: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 3665: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida and Ms. 
WILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 3679: Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 3687: Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 3690: Mr. V ANHOLLEN and Mr. T ED 
LIEUof California. 
H.J. Res. 59: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. B LUM, Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. S ALMON , 
Mr. P ERRY , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. 
NEWHOUSE , and Mr. S IMPSON . 
H.J. Res. 60: Mr. K IND. 
H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. B ECERRA , Mrs. C APPS , 
Mr. C OSTA , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. 
FARR, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. H AHN, Ms. M AT-
SUI, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. T AKANO , 
Mr. T HOMPSON of California, and Mrs. 
TORRES . 
H. Res. 54: Mr. V ALADAO and Mr. A SHFORD . 
H. Res. 210: Mr. J ONES . 
H. Res. 218: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H. Res. 377: Mr. J ONES . 
H. Res. 393: Mr. H ECKof Washington, Mr. 
SERRANO , and Ms. B ROWN of Florida. 
H. Res. 396: Mr. K IND. 
H. Res. 428: Mr. P ETERS and Mr. M URPHY of 
Florida. 
H. Res. 431: Mr. R IBBLE and Mrs. W AGNER . 
H. Res. 443: Mr. K INGof New York. 
H. Res. 445: Mrs. L OWEY . 
H. Res. 451: Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. S AM 
JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. R OYCE , Mr. R IBBLE , 
Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. M URPHY of Flor-
ida, Mrs. W ALORSKI , and Mr. L AMALFA . 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-
ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. YOUNG OF ALASKA  
The amendment filed to Rules Committee 
Print 114–30 for H.R. 538 by me does not con-tain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of House rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07OC7.037 H07OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7173 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 7, 2015 No. 147 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Eternal God, our Strength, thank 
You for Your providential love. Today give our Senators the wisdom to do what is right. Enlighten their minds with Your truth as You warm their hearts with Your love. Lord, fill their lives with Your power that they may accomplish Your purposes. Make them so aware of Your presence that they will remember that wherever they are and whatever they do, You see them. May they feel nothing but to grieve You and seek nothing except to please You. 
We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
PAUL). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR—S. 2146 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand there is a bill at the desk due a second reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 2146) to hold sanctuary jurisdic-
tions accountable for defying Federal law, to increase penalties for individuals who ille-gally reenter the United States after being removed, and to provide liability protection for State and local law enforcement who co-operate with Federal law enforcement and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. In order to place 
the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion having been heard, the bill will be placed on the calendar. 
f 
ADOPTIVE FAMILY RELIEF ACT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, be-
fore I speak on the legislation the Sen-ate will consider this afternoon, I want to say a few words about S. 1300, the Adoptive Family Relief Act. I spoke on this bill in July after it passed the Sen-ate with unanimous consent. Now I would like to praise the House of Rep-resentatives for passing this important piece of legislation just yesterday. 
The issue this bill addresses is of par-
ticular importance to me, and I am proud to be an original cosponsor of the legislation. More than 400 Amer-ican families, approximately 20 of them from Kentucky, have successfully adopted children from the Democratic Republic of the Congo, or the DRC. However, due to the DRC Government’s years-long suspension of exit permits, many of these families have been un-able to bring their adoptive children home to the United States. 
To make matters worse, families 
have been financially burdened by the cost of continually renewing their chil-dren’s visas while they wait for the day the DRC decides to lift its suspension. In an attempt to help these families, the Adoptive Family Relief Act would provide meaningful financial relief by granting the State Department author-ity to waive the fees for multiple visa renewals in these and other extraor-dinary adoption circumstances. This bill builds on Congress’ bipar-
tisan efforts on the adoption issue, in-cluding my amendment to this year’s budget resolution to encourage a solu-tion to the situation as well as numer-ous bipartisan congressional letters 
sent to Congolese officials. 
Later today I will have the oppor-
tunity to meet with the Brock family from Owensboro. I was grateful to as-sist in the return of their medically fragile child from the DRC last Christ-mas. However, their other adopted son still remains in the country. 
For this Kentucky family, and for 
many others still waiting, I again strongly urge the Government of the DRC to resolve the matter expedi-tiously and in a way that provides for the swift unification of families. Until then, I want to praise the bipartisan action that led to the passage of the Adoptive Family Relief Act. I hope families see this as a message that Congress is supporting them. 
This bill will now go to the President 
for his signature. It is my hope it will bring needed assistance to so many lov-ing families, like the Brocks, who want nothing more than to open their homes to a child in need. 
Allow me to also thank the sponsors 
of this bill, Senators F
EINSTEIN and 
JOHNSON and Representative T RENT  
FRANKS , for all their hard work. That 
thanks extends as well to the 78 other cosponsors in both Chambers and both parties, along with the Senate and House judiciary committees for their hard work and truly bipartisan com-mitment to solving this heartbreaking issue. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATION BILL 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, on 
another matter before the Senate this afternoon, I was glad to see the Senate come together yesterday to advance the bipartisan National Defense Au-thorization Act. This bipartisan De-fense bill will support our men and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Oct 07, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07OC6.000 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7174 October 7, 2015 
women in uniform in many, many 
ways. 
The bill attacks bureaucratic waste, 
authorizes pay raises, and improves quality-of-life programs for our sol-diers, sailors, airmen, and marines. It will strengthen sexual assault preven-tion and response. It will help wounded warriors and heroes who struggle with mental health challenges. Most impor-tantly, it will equip the men and women who serve with what they need to defend our Nation. 
The chairman of the Committee on 
Armed Services was unrelenting in his work across the aisle to craft a serious defense bill with input from both par-ties. Senator M
CCAINcan and should 
take pride in yesterday’s 73-to-26 vote to advance this bill. He should take heart in today’s vote to send it to the President as well. 
That is where this legislative process 
should end—with the President’s signa-ture, with a win for our forces, and with a win for our country at a time of seemingly incalculable global crises. But the White House has issued threats that the President might actually veto this bipartisan bill for unrelated par-tisan reasons. That would be more than outrageous—truly outrageous, Mr. President. It would be yet another grave foreign policy miscalculation from this administration, something our country can no longer afford. 
Just a year ago, the President an-
nounced a strategy to degrade and de-stroy ISIL. Today, the threat remains as versatile and resilient as ever. ISIL has consolidated its gains within Iraq and within Syria. Russia is now deploy-ing troops and attacking the moderate opposition forces in Syria. Iran is re-portedly sending additional forces to the battlefield. Civilians are dying and refugees are fleeing. 
John Kerry calls the situation ‘‘a ca-
tastrophe, a human catastrophe really unparalleled in modern times.’’ He is right. 
According to news reports, this is all 
forcing the President to reconsider his strategy in that region and craft a new one. Regardless of what he decides, it is going to be a protracted area of strug-gle. It has been profoundly challenging already. That is to say nothing of the countless other mounting global threats, from Chinese expansion in the south China Sea to Taliban resurgence in Afghanistan. 
Many Americans would say this is 
the worst possible time for an Amer-ican President to be threatening to veto their national defense bill, and es-pecially to do so for arbitrary partisan reasons. I wish I could say it surprises me that President Obama might, for the sake of unrelated partisan games, actually contemplate vetoing a bipar-tisan defense bill that contains the level of funding authorization that he actually asked for. Let me say that again. This bill contains the funding authorization the President asked for. So I am calling on him not to, espe-cially in times like these, but if he does, it will be the latest sorry chapter 
in a failed foreign policy based on cam-paign promises rather than realisti-cally meeting the threat before us. 
The President’s approach to foreign 
policy has been nothing if not con-sistent over the past 7 years. I have de-scribed this in detail many times be-fore. From repeatedly seeking to de-clare some arbitrary end to the war on terror, to discarding the tools we have to wage it, to placing unhealthy levels of trust in unaccountable international organizations, the President’s foreign policy has been as predictable as it has been ineffectual. 
Take, for instance, his heavy reliance 
on economy-of-force train-and-assist missions. This has been the primary tool of the President to cover our draw-down of conventional forces. The train- and-equip concept is to train indige-nous forces to battle insurgencies in places such as Yemen, Syria, Iraq, and Afghanistan. These forces ideally part-ner with U.S. capabilities, but under the President’s policy, they have been left to fight alone as we continue to draw down our conventional forces. 
The essence of this was captured in a 
speech he delivered at West Point just last May. In that speech the President described a network of partnerships from South Asia to Sahel to be funded by $5 billion in counterterrorism funds. By deploying Special Operations Forces for train-and-equip missions, the President hoped to manage the dif-fuse threats posed by terrorist groups such as Al Qaeda in the Arabian Penin-sula, Boko Haram, the al-Nusrah Front, the Taliban, Libyan terrorist networks that threaten Egypt, and, of course, ISIL. 
The President never explained the 
strategy—beyond direct action such as unmanned vehicle aerial strikes—for those cases when indigenous forces proved insufficient, as we have seen in Iraq, Syria, and Yemen. Nevertheless, this concept of operations suited the President because it allowed him to continue with force structure cuts to our conventional operational units. It allowed him to continue refusing to ac-cept that leaving behind residual forces in places such as Iraq and Afghanistan might represent a means by which this Nation could preserve the strategic gains made through sacrifice. It also allowed him to continue refusing to re-build our conventional and nuclear forces. 
This was never, never an approach 
designed for success. Today it is clear this is now an approach that has also reached its limits. 
The New York Times is hardly an ad-
versary of this administration, but it recently ran a story titled ‘‘Billions From U.S. Fail to Sustain Foreign Forces.’’ Once again, this is the New York Times. Here is what it said: 
With alarming frequency in recent years, 
thousands of American-trained security forces in the Middle East, North Africa, and South Asia have collapsed, stalled or de-fected, calling into question the effective-ness of the tens of billions of dollars spent by 
the U.S. on foreign military training pro-grams, as well as a central tenet of the Obama administration’s approach to com-bating insurgencies. 
Without rebuilding the force, we can-
not deter China’s efforts to extend its conventional reach in the South China Sea. Without rebuilding the force, we cannot deter Russian adventurism in places such as Crimea. Without re-building and deploying the force, we cannot hope to deter Russia’s gambit to increase its Middle East presence or its air campaign in Syria. And under this strategy, when the host nation militaries we trained and equipped proved inadequate to defeat the insur-gency in question, the strategy allowed for a persistent, enduring terrorist threat in those countries. That is just what we have seen with Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, with the Taliban, and now with ISIL. 
I thought the growth, advance, and 
evolution of ISIL last year would have presented a turning point for the Presi-dent. I thought the fall of Anbar Prov-ince and the threat posed to allies such as Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and Turkey would have provoked a reconsideration of his entire national security policy, but it didn’t. If the latest stories of White House efforts to revise its ISIL strategy are to be believed, then per-haps the President now finally realizes the threat from terrorist groups like ISIL and Al Qaeda have outpaced his economy-of-force concept. He may even be accepting the reality that with-drawing arbitrarily from Afghanistan is neither consequence-free nor is it a good idea. 
One year after the President’s ISIL 
speech, it is time to reverse the with-drawal of our military from its forward presence. It is time to lay the ground-work for the next President to rebuild America’s credibility with friend and foe alike. That is true of ISIL and it is true of dissatisfied powers such as Rus-sia, China, and Iran, who are all look-ing to exploit American withdrawal in pursuit of regional hegemony and dreams of empire. 
To paraphrase the President: Russia 
is calling, and it wants its empire back. Russia wants its empire back. China is calling, too, and so is Iran. They have watched as both our economy-of-force efforts to mask American withdrawal and as other U.S. commitments have proven quite hollow—like the an-nouncement of a strategic pivot to Asia, without the investments to make it meaningful. The next President, re-gardless of party, will need to craft plans, policies, and programs to bal-ance against expansion. Signing the bi-partisan National Defense Authoriza-tion Act we pass today—and of course matching the authorization with its corresponding funding—would rep-resent a good first step along that path. If the President is serious in his just-restated commitment to taking all steps necessary to combat ISIL, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Oct 07, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.003 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7175 October 7, 2015 
then he will know that signing this bi-
partisan National Defense Authoriza-tion Act is anything but the waste of time some of his allies might pretend it to be. In fact, this bill is essential. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION BILL AND BENGHAZI SE-LECT COMMITTEE 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, the bill be-
fore the Senate this afternoon, in spite of all the statements of my friend the Republican leader, is another piece of political theater. Everyone knows the President is going to veto this. Every-one knows this. The House, if they are called upon first to sustain the veto, will do it. If we are called upon first to sustain the veto, we will do it. 
Republicans are trying to paint 
Democrats as being soft on defense. Based on what we have heard from my friend today, I don’t know where he doesn’t want American troops—China, Iran, Russia, all over the Middle East. It is stunning to listen to what he has said. We have spent a lot of money training foreign troops. I was in Iraq. Who was training the troops then? Gen-eral Petraeus. I don’t know what my friend wants, but I do tell everyone the gimmick we have in this bill today; that is, having this funny money fund-ing and that is what it is—I can’t imag-ine my Republican friends who have in the past been so supportive of not doing things that deal with funny money, that their—Senator M
CCAIN, 
the chairman of the committee, has ac-knowledged that sequestration will de-stroy the military—that is my word— but will badly damage the military. He has said that many times. 
So we have a lot of problems here, 
but the gimmick my friend is so tout-ing today does nothing to support the security we need at home: The FBI, homeland security, border protection. I say to my friend, the Presiding Officer, today: You voted the way I thought Re-publicans should vote when this matter came before the body yesterday. 
It has been a week since it happened, 
but the American people are still reel-ing from House Majority Leader K
EVIN 
MCCARTHY ’s admission that the so- 
called Benghazi Select Committee is nothing more than a political hit job on Hillary Clinton. That is what he said. Speaking about this committee, he told FOX News: 
Everybody thought Hillary Clinton was un-
beatable, right? But we put together a Benghazi special committee, a select com-mittee. What are her numbers today? Her numbers are dropping. 
It doesn’t take much to figure out 
the point he was making; that this was nothing more than a hit job on Hillary Clinton. According to Mr. M
CCARTHY , 
the so-called Benghazi Select Com-mittee was orchestrated with one goal 
in mind—to weaken Hillary Clinton’s Presidential campaign. Of course that is shameful. House Republicans have used the tragic deaths of four Ameri-cans as political fodder to win an elec-tion. Don’t the victims deserve better? Don’t their families deserve not to have their deceased loved ones pulled into a political inquisition? 
Even more shocking, this political 
farce continues now. House Repub-licans are showing no signs of bringing this charade to an end. Consider the facts. These are a number of the select committees that have been going on that we have had in the Congress in re-cent years: Hurricane Katrina, Pearl Harbor, Warren Commission, Iran- Contra, Watergate, and the Benghazi Committee. This big red line sitting here shows this committee has spent far more time than any committee ex-cept Watergate. Look at that. It is hard to believe. For 16 months now we have used the tragic deaths in a way that is not what we should be doing. They have spent almost $5 million of taxpayer money on this so-called select committee, and the number continues to climb as I speak. Not only do they have a select committee, they have had six other committees that have held hearings on this. What a waste of tax-
payer dollars. The select committee has investigated Hillary Clinton for 17 months, 517 days—longer than the in-vestigations that I mentioned: Pearl Harbor, the Kennedy assassination, and even, timewise, Watergate—close but still more time than on Watergate, and it is still going on. What have they ac-complished? What have they achieved after all that time and money has been spent? What have they accomplished for the American people? Nothing. And they have held three hearings in 17 months. Not one American is safer today because of the select committee, not one terrorist attack has been thwarted because of the committee’s work, and Republicans are fine with that. They hail the Benghazi com-mittee as a success because it was never the panel’s intention to get to the truth. This committee’s only real objective was to hurt Hillary Clinton— exactly as Congressman M
CCARTHY  
said. The evidence makes that clear. In 17 months, the committee has inter-viewed or deposed eight Clinton cam-paign staffers. They are obsessed with Hillary Clinton and her campaign sta-tus. Yet, stunningly, Chairman G
OWDY  
and Republicans have little interest in questioning intelligence and defense experts. They have held only one hear-ing with an expert from the intel-ligence community. They have never held a single hearing with anyone from the Department of Defense. The Repub-lican chairman and his colleagues have abandoned their plans to interview De-fense officials and instead have gone after Secretary Clinton and her staff. The evidence is clear. The Benghazi Se-lect Committee is a sham. Democrats have known this for 2 years, but now we have the man who is going to be— 
I understand after tomorrow at noon— running the House of Representatives come November 1. He has acknowl-edged it is a witch hunt. That is why the Democratic leadership of the Sen-ate wrote to Speaker B
OEHNER asking 
him to disband the select committee. That is why I will not stop reminding Republicans of Congressman M
CCAR-
THY’s admission. 
If it were up to me, the House Demo-
crats on that panel would nail this quote on the committee room doors as a reminder to everyone that Repub-licans have manipulated a true Amer-ican tragedy and turned it into a polit-ical circus: 
Everybody thought Hillary Clinton was un-
beatable, right? But we put together a Benghazi special committee, a select com-mittee. What are her numbers today? Her numbers are dropping. 
He is so proud of himself. Until House 
Republicans do the right thing and dis-band this committee, I will continue to tell the American people about the dis-grace that is the House Republicans’ Benghazi committee. 
Mr. President, would the Chair an-
nounce what we are going to be doing today. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016—CONFERENCE REPORT 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the conference report to accompany H.R. 1735, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Conference report to accompany H.R. 1735, 
a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the time until 1 p.m. will be equally divided between the two leaders or their designees. 
The Senator from Utah. 
THE RIGHT TO EXTENDED DEBATE  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, 2 months 
ago I came to the Senate floor in my capacity as President pro tempore to speak to my colleagues about the im-portance of maintaining decorum and respect in this body. I reminded them that decorum is essential to the proper functioning of the Senate and to its unique role in our constitutional struc-ture. The Framers designed the Senate to be an institution of deliberation and reason, where Members would work to promote consensus and the common good rather than their own narrow, partisan interests. Today I rise once 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Oct 07, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.007 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7176 October 7, 2015 
more in my capacity as President pro 
tempore, this time to discuss another defining feature of this body—the right to extended debate. 
The Framers designed the Senate to 
serve as a necessary fence against the fickleness and passion that drives hasty lawmaking—what Edmund Ran-dolph called the turbulence and follies of democracy. James Madison in turn 
described the Senate as a bulwark against what he called the transient impressions into which the people may from time to time be led. Senators were to refine the popular will to wis-dom and sound judgment, reaching measured conclusions about how best to address the Nation’s challenges. It is no accident that passing bills through this body takes time. The Framers in-tended the Senate to be the cooler, more deliberate, more reasoned branch. As Madison once said, the Senate was to ‘‘consist in its proceedings with more coolness, with more system, and with more wisdom than the [House of Representatives].’’ 
Key to the Senate’s deliberative na-
ture is its relatively small size, which enables a much more thoroughgoing debate and greater opportunity for in-dividual Members to improve legisla-tive proposals. Longer, staggered terms also give Members flexibility to resist initially popular yet ultimately unwise legislation, and statewide constitu-encies require Senators to appeal to a broader set of interests than do nar-row, more homogenous House districts. To these constitutional characteris-tics, the Senate has added a number of traditions—some formal, others infor-mal—that have enhanced its delibera-tive character. Foremost among these traditions is the right to extend de-bate—what we today call the filibuster. 
For many years—indeed, for the first 
130 years of this body’s existence— there was no formal way to cut off de-bate. Senators could, in theory, speak as long as they wanted, on whatever subject they wanted. In 1917, the Sen-ate adopted the first cloture rule, which required a two-thirds vote to end debate. Filibusters remained rare, al-though they were used from time to time to delay legislation. In 1975, under the leadership of Majority Leader Mike Mansfield, the Senate lowered the clo-ture threshold from two-thirds to three-fifths, where it has remained ever since, with the notable exception of Senate Democrats’ unilateral decision last Congress to lower the cloture threshold for most nominations to a simple majority vote. The cloture threshold for legislative filibusters re-mains three-fifths. 
Now, one may wonder why a device 
that allows a minority of Senators to delay or block legislation is a good thing. My friends and colleagues, the junior Senator from Oregon and the senior Senator from New Mexico spoke on the Senate floor last week about the importance of majority rule and the need to allow legislation to proceed. I do not deny that obstructionism can be a serious problem. Obstinately refusing 
to allow any legislation to move for-ward or requiring complete capitula-tion by opponents is not statesman-ship, and it is not what the Framers had in mind. But when exercised prop-erly, the right to extended debate can measurably improve policy. 
The filibuster furthers two of the 
Senate’s key purposes. First, it helps to guard against intemperate impulses that may from time to time infect our political order. Second, it facilitates the process of refining the popular will. 
The way in which the filibuster 
guards against intemperate impulses is obvious. By requiring a supermajority to pass major legislation, the filibuster ensures that a narrow partisan major-ity swept into office through a fluke election does not go about unravelling vast swaths of America’s legal archi-tecture. The filibuster also ensures that the same narrow majority does not run riot with new, pie-in-the-sky ideas that cost billions of dollars while producing little discernible benefit. 
I would point my colleagues to two 
major, extremely controversial meas-ures that passed the House in 2009 but went nowhere in the Senate: the cap- and-trade energy tax and the so-called public option for health insurance. Speaker P
ELOSI was barely able to ram 
through cap and trade by a vote of 219 to 212. The public option passed by an even slimmer margin of 220 to 215. These two pieces of legislation received little consideration in this body be-cause there were nowhere near enough votes for cloture. Absent the filibuster, however, it is likely both would have passed the Senate and become law. Had that occurred, a temporary electoral victory would have wrought funda-mental changes to American energy policy and put our Nation even more firmly on the path to government-run health care. 
Many on the left may point to the 
failure of cap and trade and of the pub-lic option in 2009 as reasons to elimi-nate, not preserve, the filibuster. After all, it prevented progressives from achieving two of their most sought- after policy goals. But consider what happened a mere 2 years later, in the very next election: Voters delivered President Obama and the Democratic Party a sharp rebuke, voting out of of-fice the highest number of Democratic officeholders in generations. Voters disapproved of the Democrats’ policy-making, and registered their dis-approval at the polls. Note, too, that the Democrats lost their majority in the House—the body that passed cap and trade and the public option—but retained their majority in the Senate— the body that never even took up ei-ther proposal. 
The filibuster prevented a transient 
Democratic majority from enacting far-reaching reforms that a majority of voters ultimately opposed. It didn’t prevent all reforms. After all, the Democratic majority still managed to enact many of its policy priorities. But the filibuster prevented other extreme 
measures from becoming law and stopped a short-lived congressional ma-jority from running roughshod over longstanding principles of federalism, free enterprise, and limited govern-ment. 
To my friends from Oregon and New 
Mexico and to others who argue that the filibuster is anti-democratic, I would say that it is in fact the oppo-site. The filibuster ensures that funda-mental change comes only through sus-tained victories at the ballot box. It typically takes two or three successive victories at the polls to build a fili-buster-proof majority. This multiyear window gives the public time to evalu-ate the majority’s platform and to de-termine whether it is in fact the better course of action. 
If by democracy one means to win at 
all costs, perhaps one could say the fili-buster is anti-democratic. But if de-mocracy, as I believe, instead means the system for transforming the peo-ple’s preferences into law, then the fili-buster is not anti-democratic at all. Rather, it preserves the people’s pref-erences until they decide emphatically, and with the benefit of review, that it is time for significant change. 
I have also said that the filibuster fa-
cilitates the process of refining the popular will. It does this in two ways. First, it gives opponents of a particular piece of legislation additional time to explain why the legislation is mis-guided or how it could be improved. It also gives proponents of the legislation additional time to explain why the ob-jections are unfounded. This helps to increase understanding on both sides and also offers opportunities to correct problems with particular provisions. 
Second, by requiring 60 votes in order 
to proceed on controversial issues, the filibuster ensures increased buy-in. The process of refining the public will works only if Senators actually pay at-tention to legislation and devote their resources to examining it. By requiring 60 Senators to assent to legislation rather than a bare majority, the fili-buster ensures that no bill passes this body without first garnering broad sup-port. The process of getting to 60 re-quires more scrutiny, more investiga-tion, and more consensus than the process of getting to a bare majority. It also decreases the likelihood of deep-ly flawed legislation making it to the President’s desk because more Sen-ators have to agree that the legislation warrants passage. 
To the extent there are problems 
with the filibuster, they are not prob-lems with the filibuster itself but with how it has sometimes been used in re-cent years, as a matter of fact. In April of this year, I spoke on the floor about the need for mutual restraint in the Senate, about the need for both sides to exercise discretion in wielding the powers of the majority and the minor-ity. Yes, the filibuster can be a tool for improving legislation and winning im-portant promises from the Executive, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Oct 07, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.009 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7177 October 7, 2015 
but it can also be abused for narrow 
partisan ends. It can be used to bring business to a halt for irrelevant or un-important purposes or merely to make a point. It can be used to win an unsa-vory favor for a particular individual or constituency, and it can be used to create false narratives about the ma-jority’s ability to govern. 
From time to time we hear calls—in-
cluding by Members of this body—to strip the minority of certain rights. Lately, there have been calls by some in the media, on the campaign trail, and on the other side of the Capitol to eliminate the filibuster. Though these calls to abolish the filibuster may be instinctively appealing, we should re-ject them. Without the filibuster and other important minority rights, the Senate would lose its unique character. It would become less a body marked by deliberation and reasoned debate and more a body where the majority gets whatever it wants. Indeed, stripped of minority rights, the Senate would merely duplicate the work of the House of Representatives. That may be ad-vantageous for the current Senate ma-jority, but it would not fulfill the con-stitutional design in creating a second House of Congress where the popular will would be refined through prudent judgment. 
Those who call on the Senate to abol-
ish the filibuster should keep in mind that this is not the first Congress to face institutional challenges. Indeed, I would urge my colleagues to recall the example of Mike Mansfield, the late Senator from Montana, whom I ref-erenced earlier. Senator Mansfield served as Senate majority leader from 1961 to 1977, longer than any other Sen-ator in history. During Senator Mans-field’s time as majority leader, the Na-tion confronted a number of difficult, divisive issues. Chief among these were debates over school integration and civil rights, which deeply split the Democratic caucus. Near the beginning of his tenure, when a determined mi-nority stalled President Kennedy’s leg-islative priorities, Senator Mansfield faced great pressure from within his own party to exert the majority’s power more assertively. In an act of great courage, Senator Mansfield re-sisted the calls of his colleagues to bend Senate rules. Though tempted by the prospect of important political vic-tories, he instead counselled that the remedy to gridlock ‘‘lies not in the seeking of shortcuts, not in the crack-ing of nonexistent whips, not in wheel-ing and dealing, but in an honest facing of the situation and a resolution of it by the Senate itself, by accommoda-tion, by respect for one another, [and] by mutual restraint.’’ 
Senator Mansfield was absolutely 
right. For the Senate to function effec-tively, Senators of all stripes must practice mutual restraint—Republican and Democrat, conservative and lib-eral, majority and minority alike. 
The solution to our current strife is 
not to change the rules but to follow them and to wield them only as nec-
essary to improve legislation. Coopera-tion, not going nuclear, is what will re-store this body to proper functioning. Going nuclear will only hollow out this institution and infect more of what we do with puerile partisan poison. 
I wish to close by quoting two great 
statesmen who loved the Senate and who truly understood its unique role in our constitutional system. The first quote is from the first Adlai Stevenson, who served as Vice President from 1893 to 1897. In his farewell address to the Senate, Vice President Stevenson said the following: 
In this Chamber alone are preserved with-
out restraint two essentials of wise legisla-tion and good government: the right of amendment and of debate. Great evils often result from hasty legislation; [but] rarely from the delay which follows full discussion and deliberation. 
Vice President Stevenson understood 
that deliberation and reasoned debate lead to better policy outcomes than the headlong rush to action. Delay rarely causes great evils. More commonly, it helps to avoid them. 
The second quote comes from a man 
familiar to all of us, the late Senator Robert C. Byrd of West Virginia. Sen-ator Byrd, who served in this body longer than any other Senator in his-tory and who spent the vast majority of his 51 years in the Senate in the ma-jority, said this about the filibuster and minority rights: ‘‘[A]s long as the Senate retains the power to amend and the power of unlimited debate, the lib-erties of the people will remain se-
cure.’’ 
Senator Byrd recognized that the 
Senate’s cooling function serves as a crucial check on transient majority impulses and on the often misguided desire to act quickly and to act at all costs. 
The filibuster is a key bulwark 
against error and against the ability of short-lived political majorities to work fundamental changes to our Nation. Although it can be deeply frustrating— particularly when misused and over-used by an intransigent partisan Sen-ate minority—the filibuster is an im-portant element of the Senate’s char-acter and institutional structure. I urge my colleagues to resist calls to abolish the filibuster. Whatever we might win in the way of short-term po-litical gain would be overwhelmed by the enduring, irreparable damage we would do to the Senate as an institu-tion. 
I knew Mike Mansfield. I visited with 
him in Tokyo when he was the Ambas-sador to Japan. He was a great leader. He was a great human being. 
I also knew very well Senator Robert 
C. Byrd. There were times when I led the fight against labor law reform in 1977, 1978, where I was hard-pressed to like Senator Byrd because he used every tool at his disposal—procedural and otherwise—to try to put that bill forward, which would have changed the whole character of America for the worse. I was young. I didn’t realize how im-
portant that man really was. But as I continued to serve in the Senate and saw his devotion to the Senate, his de-votion to the Senate rules, his fairness when he dealt with both sides, I got to really respect his understanding of the procedural votes. 
I venture to say I don’t know that 
anybody has ever had that full capac-ity as much as he did, with the possible exception of Senator Allen of Alabama, who I greatly admired also. He stood right over there on that side of the floor and took on his own party time after time. The filibuster was a very important instrument at that time, es-pecially since Mr. Byrd was a very strong personality. The longer I served in the Senate, the more I appreciated Senator Byrd and his devotion to the rules, the Constitution, and the Senate itself. He cared for the Senate. 
I can remember him sitting right 
here in this chair. I went up to him and I said: Bob, I love you. This was right before he died. He looked like he was going to cry, and he said: O
RRIN, I love 
you too. That meant so much to me be-cause in the early days we were prin-cipal adversaries. He had more power than I could dream of. 
We ended up winning on labor law re-
form through a miraculous sixth clo-ture vote. It was a great loss to Sen-ator Byrd. He was not particularly en-amored with me for the first number of years. But as we served together, fought together, and worked together, I gained tremendous experience from him and from his ability. I gained a great appreciation for Senator Byrd and his abilities and his dedication to the rules of the Senate and his dedica-tion to not changing them and keeping those rules alive, and those rules have existed for almost a century. 
Nobody I know of felt more sad when 
he had to leave the Senate than I did. Keep in mind, that was after a lot of blood and guts fighting here on the floor where I, as a young freshman Sen-ator, had to take it on the chin regu-larly because he knew the rules better than I did and he had power that was much stronger than anybody on this side of the aisle. He had a very forceful presence. 
I will just say this: He believed in the 
rules, and he lived by the rules. Even when he lost, he was a gentleman. I think that man did more for the Sen-ate in many ways than very few other Senators did. 
Let’s not get so rambunctious about 
passing anything we want to pass around here. Let’s think these rules through. The more you think, the more you realize these rules are here for a reason, and they have been here a long time for a reason and have functioned amazingly well and stopped the major-ity from running over the minority. 
Every once in a while, the Democrats 
are in the minority, although not very often. Over the last number of years, they had the majority around 22 times and we had it maybe 6 times. I can say 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Oct 07, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.012 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7178 October 7, 2015 
this: There are Democrats on the other 
side who really know these rules are very important, and I hope they prevail as we move on to even more difficult problems and processes in the future and in the time to come. This is a great body. It remains great in large measure because of its rules and because of the people who serve here. We should all respect the rules, and we should all re-spect each other for the privilege of serving in the U.S. Senate. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
CUBA  
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I 
rise today, as I have in the past, in de-fense of the Cuban people, who long for the day when they are free of the iron fist of the Castro regime, a day when we can honestly say ‘‘Cuba es libre’’ and mean it. I rise with great concern over the trajectory of the policy to-wards Cuba that President Obama an-nounced on December 17 of last year. 
In executing this new policy, the 
Obama administration has spared no generosity towards the dictatorship in Cuba. It commuted the sentences of three convicted Cuban spies, including one serving a life sentence for murder conspiracy against Americans who died while flying a civilian aircraft in inter-national airspace that was struck down by Cuban MIGs. It eased a host of trav-el and trade sanctions in spite of the purpose and intent of U.S. law. It re-moved Cuba from the state sponsors of terrorism list, while it continues har-boring fugitives from the U.S. justice system and members of foreign ter-rorist organizations. 
Among those people who are in Cuba 
is Joanne Chesimard, who killed a New Jersey State trooper. She was con-victed of doing so, escaped, and is on the FBI’s top 10 most wanted terrorist list. Yet we took them off the list of state sponsors of terrorism. 
It negotiated an agreement to estab-
lish diplomatic relations with Cuba that falls far short of international legal norms in terms of what the peo-ple at our Embassy can and cannot do inside of Cuba. It upgraded Cuba in the trafficking in persons report, despite its continued slave labor and human trafficking practices. It even acqui-esced to shunning dissidents from at-tending the U.S. Embassy’s flag-raising ceremony in Havana. 
Yet Cuban dictator Raul Castro re-
fuses to reciprocate any of these con-cessions. To the contrary, Castro has emphasized that he ‘‘will not cede 1 millimeter.’’ In his speech at last month’s United Nations General As-sembly gathering, he demanded even more, namely for President Obama to 
evade U.S. law as regards sanctions, to shut down Radio and TV Marti, which is, in essence, the equivalent of our Voice of Democracy so that the Cuban people can get free and unfettered in-formation, to end democracy programs, to return the military base at Guanta-namo, and to pay $1 trillion—not $1 million, not $1 billion, $1 trillion—in damages to his regime. 
So today, 10 months later, the 
metrics of this new policy show it is clearly headed in the wrong direction. The Castro family is poised for a gener-ational transition in power. The Cuban regime’s monopolies are being strengthened. Courageous democracy leaders are being relegated to obscu-rity, their voices muffled by the ac-tions of the United States and foreign nations alike. 
Political repression has exponen-
tially increased. The number of Cubans desperately fleeing the island is rising, and the purpose and intent of U.S. law is being circumvented. The trajectory of our policy is unacceptable, and I urge President Obama to correct its course. 
While speaking recently to a business 
gathering in Washington, President Obama argued how he believes this new policy is ‘‘creating the environment in which a generational change in transi-tion will take place in that country.’’ But the key question is this: a genera-tional change in transition towards what and by whom? 
Cuban democracy leader Antonio 
Rodiles has concisely expressed his concern. He said: ‘‘Legitimizing the [Castro] regime is the path contrary to a transition.’’ CNN revealed that the Cuban delegation in the secret talks that began in mid-2013 with U.S. offi-cials in Ottawa, Toronto, and Rome, and which led to the December 17 pol-icy announcement, was headed by Colo-nel Alejandro Castro Espin. Colonel Castro Espin is the 49-year-old son of Cuban dictator Raul Castro. In both face-to-face meetings between Presi-dent Obama and Raul Castro this year, the first at April’s Summit of the Americas in Panama City, a summit that is supposed to be a meeting of de-mocracies within the Western Hemi-sphere—Cuba in no way can qualify under those set of circumstances—and just last month at the United Nations General Assembly in New York, Alejandro was seated next to his father with a wide grin. 
Now, Alejandro holds the rank—this 
is him standing next to Raul Castro—of colonel in Cuba’s Ministry of the Inte-rior. Now, Cuba’s Ministry of the Inte-rior is, in essence, the state security that oppresses its people, with its hand on the pulse and the trigger of the is-land’s intelligence services and repres-sive organs. It is no secret that Raul is grooming Alejandro for a position of power. 
Sadly, his role as interlocutor with 
the Obama administration seeks to fur-ther their goal of an intrafamily gener-ational transition within the Castro 
clan, similar to the Assads in Syria and the Kims in Korea. We know how well those have worked out. To give you an idea of how Colonel Alejandro Castro views the United States, he describes its leaders as ‘‘those who seek to sub-jugate humanity to satisfy their inter-ests and hegemonic goals.’’ 
But, of course, it also takes money to 
run a totalitarian dictatorship, which is why Raul Castro named his son-in- law, General Luis Alberto Rodriguez Lopez-Callejas, as head of GAESA, which stands for Grupo de Administracion Empresarial, S.A., or, translated, the Business Administra-tive Group. 
GAESA is the holding company of 
Cuba’s Ministry of the Revolutionary Armed Forces, Cuba’s military. It is the dominant, driving force of the is-land’s economy. Established in the 1990s by Raul Castro, it controls tour-ism companies, ranging from the very profitable Gaviota, S.A., which runs Cuba’s hotels, restaurants, car rentals, and night clubs, to TRD Caribe, S.A., which runs the island’s retail stores. GAESA, this holding company of Cuba’s Ministry of the Revolutionary Armed Forces, controls virtually all economic transactions in Cuba. 
According to Hotels Magazine, a 
leading industry publication, GAESA, through its subsidiaries, is by far the largest regional hotel conglomerate in Latin America. It controls more hotel rooms than Walt Disney Company. As McClatchy News explained a few years 
back, ‘‘Tourists who sleep in some of Cuba’s hotels, drive rental cars, fill up their gas tanks, and even those riding in taxis have something in common: They are contributing to the [Cuban] Revolutionary Armed Forces’ bottom line.’’ 
Now, GAESA became this business 
powerhouse thanks to the millions of Canadian and European tourists who have and continue to visit Cuba each year. But these tourists—going over a decade and a half, maybe two—have done absolutely nothing to promote freedom and democracy in Cuba. To the contrary, they have directly financed a system of control and repression over the Cuban people, all while enjoying ci-gars made by Cuban workers paid in worthless pesos and having a Cuba Libre, which is an oxymoron, on the beaches of Varadero. 
Yet, despite the clear evidence, some 
want American tourists to now double GAESA’s bonanza—and, through GAESA, double the regime’s bonanza. An insightful report this week by Bloomberg Business also explained how: 
[Raul’s son-in-law, General Rodriguez] is 
the gatekeeper for most foreign investors, requiring them to do business with his orga-nization if they wish to set up shop on the is-land. . . . If and when the U.S. finally re-moves its half-century embargo on Cuba, it will be this man— 
Castro’s son-in-law— 
who decides which investors get the best deals. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.014 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7179 October 7, 2015 
Of course, it is those investors in the 
company that ultimately is the Cuban Revolutionary Armed Forces, Cuba’s military. In other words, all the talk-ing points about how lifting the embar-go and tourism restrictions would somehow benefit the Cuban people are empty and misleading rhetoric. It would only serve as a money funnel for Castro, Inc. 
Now, here is what over a dozen of 
Cuba’s most renowned prodemocracy leaders, including the head of the La-dies in White—the Ladies in White are a group of women, composed of moth-ers, wives, daughters, and other rel-atives of Cuban political prisoners. These are political prisoners who basi-cally have languished in Castro’s jail, not because they did anything violent, not because they broke the common law, as we would understand it here in the United States, but because they sought to create peaceful change. 
They march every Sunday, dressed in 
white, holding a gladiola, peacefully to church. They are beaten savagely and arrested. And yet they do this every Sunday. 
Berta Soler, shown in the middle, 
former prisoner of conscience Jorge Luis Garcia Perez ‘‘Antunez,’’ and Sakharov prize recipient Guillermo Fa-rinas, who are all pictured here, warned in an open letter to the U.S. Congress, dated September 25, 2015: 
The lifting of the embargo, as proposed by 
the [Obama] Administration, will permit the old ruling elite to transfer their power to their political heirs and families, giving lit-tle recourse to the Cuban people in con-fronting this despotic power. . . . 
Totalitarianism communism will mutate 
into a totalitarian state adopting minimal market reforms that will serve only to ac-centuate the existing social inequality in the midst of an increasingly uncertain future. 
These are the people inside of Cuba 
languishing as they try to create change in their country toward peace-ful moves toward democracy. 
It is very interesting, as you can see, 
that despite the talk about the Cuban regime creating greater equality, these pro-democracy movers in this picture who wrote this letter to Congress are all Afro-Cubans. So much for the equal-ity that the regime created and this mysticism or romanticism that some have about the regime. 
From an economic perspective, the 
very concept of trade and investment in Cuba is grounded in a misconception about how business takes place on the island. Right now, the Commerce Sec-retary of the United States is there talking about business. With whom are you talking business? With the regime. 
In most of the world, trade and in-
vestment means dealing with privately owned or operated corporations. That is not the case in Cuba. In Cuba, for-eign trade and investment is the exclu-sive domain of the state; for instance, the Castro family. There are no excep-tions. 
In the last five decades, every single 
foreign trade transaction with Cuba has been with the Castro regime or an individual acting on behalf of the re-
gime. The regime’s exclusivity regard-ing trade and investment is enshrined in article 18 of Castro’s 1976 Constitu-tion. He changed the Constitution and gave exclusivity to the state as it re-lates to trade and investment. That has not changed. 
Moreover, there is no real private 
sector in Cuba. We often hear the Obama administration and the media refer to Cuba’s small ‘‘self-employ-ment’’ licenses as private enterprise, which implies private ownership. Yet Cuba’s self-employed licensees have no ownership rights whatsoever—be it to their artistic or intellectual outputs, commodity that they produce or per-sonal service that they offer. 
Licensees have no legal entity to 
transfer, sell or leverage. They don’t even own the equipment essential to their self-employment. More to the point, licensees have no right to engage in foreign trade, seek or receive foreign investments. 
Effectually, licensees continue to 
work for the state. When the state de-cides such jobs are no longer needed— and we have seen this experiment be-fore—licensees are shut down without recourse, which has happened several times in the past. Why? Because when you permit somebody to have a little barbershop and people congregate at the barbershop and begin to talk, that is a threat to the regime. When you permit people to assemble legally under the law, even if it is for the pur-poses of getting, for example, a haircut or eating at a restaurant—although that is normally for foreigners, not for locals—the bottom line is that when that gets out of hand, the regime, as it has in the past, will stop it. So this suggestion that there is this private enterprise is such a huge false fact. 
The fact is, we already know what 
expanded U.S. trade with Cuba would look like. Since the passage of the 2000 Trade Sanctions Reform and Export Enhancement Act, over $5 billion in U.S. agricultural and medical products have been sold to Cuba. It is, however, an unpleasant fact—and facts are stub-born—that all those sales by more than 250 privately owned U.S. companies were made to only one Cuban buyer: the Castro regime. 
Don’t believe me. According to the 
U.S. Department of Agriculture itself: ‘‘The key difference in exporting to Cuba, compared to other countries in the region, is that all U.S. agricultural exports must be channeled through one Cuban government agency, ALIMPORT.’’ 
Exporting to Cuba is not about trad-
ing with small- or mid-sized farmers, private businesses and manufacturers around the island, as some of my col-leagues would have Americans believe. So it should be no surprise that U.S. products end up on the shelves of re-gime-owned stores that accept only what? Hard currencies. Meaning what? The U.S. dollar or a euro—with huge price markups. Shoppers at these ‘‘dollar stores’’ are 
mainly tourists or those Cubans who happen to have U.S. families who will send them money, but at the end of the day, those stores have these huge markups. And where does the money go to? Not a private enterprise but the re-gime. 
Little imported food or medicine ever 
makes it into stores where Cubans shop. Neither is it available on ration cards. It requires a tremendous leap of faith or belief in some extreme and un-precedented economic model—call it dictator-down economics, from my per-spective—to argue or theorize that cur-rent or more U.S. sales to Castro’s mo-nopolies have or can ever benefit the Cuban people. 
The facts prove otherwise, as has 
been the case with sales of U.S. food and medicine. So what makes us be-lieve expanded trade with the United States would be any different? As a matter of fact, since December 17 of this past year—when the agreements between the United States and Cuba were announced and despite the Obama administration’s efforts to improve re-lations with the Castro regime, which have included an increase in travel and eased payment terms for agricultural sales—U.S. sales to ALIMPORT, that Cuban regime company which they control, during the same period have plummeted by over 50 percent. So the question is, Why would even more con-cessions make this manipulation by the Castro regime’s monopolies any different? 
Let’s stop talking about the embargo 
in vague terms. The embargo, as codi-fied by the U.S. Congress into law, sim-ply requires the fulfillment of some very basic conditions which are con-sistent with the democratic and human rights standards of 34 out of the 35 na-tions in the Western Hemisphere—Cuba remaining the sole exception and, of course, ironically Venezuela heading into a downward spiral with a lot of in-fluence by the Castro regime. 
When President Obama or some of 
my colleagues call for lifting the em-bargo, they are asking Congress to uni-laterally discard these conditions. So I want to ask them, which of these con-ditions—codified in U.S. law—do they disagree with or oppose that they are willing to unilaterally discard them? Which one are they willing to live without? 
Is it, for example, the condition that 
Cuba ‘‘legalizes all political activity’’ or the condition that Cuba ‘‘releases all political prisoners and allows for in-vestigations of Cuban prisons by appro-priate international human rights or-ganizations’’? As I understood part of this agreement, the Red Cross—I think it was the International Red Cross— was going to be able to go into Cuban prisons. The regime said: Not inter-ested in that. 
Is it the condition that Cuba ‘‘dis-
solves the present Department of State Security in the Cuban Ministry of the Interior, including the Committees for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Oct 07, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.015 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7180 October 7, 2015 
the Defense of the Revolution. . . . ’’? 
What is the Committee for the Defense of the Revolution? It is a block-watch entity in every neighborhood, in every 
village, in every hamlet inside of Cuba whose only job is to spy on their neigh-bors, and when their neighbor says something critical of the regime, they get ratted out. 
Is it the rapid response brigades? 
What are those? Those are state secu-rity dressed as civilians who go take people such as the Ladies in White— people like these three pro-democracy individuals—and arrest them so it seems as if the populace is the one doing it when it is state security. 
Is it the condition that Cuba ‘‘makes 
a public commitment to organizing free and fair elections for a new gov-ernment’’ or the condition that Cuba ‘‘makes public commitments to and is making demonstrable progress in es-tablishing an independent judiciary; re-specting internationally recognized human rights and basic freedoms as set 
forth in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, to which Cuba is a sig-natory nation; allows the establish-ment of independent trade unions as set forth in conventions 87 and 98 of the International Labor Organization’’ among others. 
Is it the condition that Cuba give 
‘‘adequate assurances that it will allow the speedy and efficient distribution of assistance to the Cuban people’’ or the condition that Cuba is ‘‘effectively guaranteeing the rights of free speech and freedom of the press, including granting permits to privately owned media and telecommunications compa-nies to operate in Cuba’’? 
Is it the condition that Cuba is ‘‘as-
suring the right to private property’’ or ‘‘taking appropriate steps to return to United States citizens (and entities which are 50 percent or more bene-ficially owned by United States citi-zens) property taken by the Cuban Government from such citizens and en-tities on or after January 1, 1959, or to provide equitable compensation to such citizens and entities for such property’’? 
Is it the condition that Cuba has ‘‘ex-
tradited or otherwise rendered to the United States all persons sought by the United States Department of Justice for crimes committed in the United States’’? 
Which one of these conditions do 
they not agree with? Are they all will-ing to just throw them all out, require nothing? 
If President Obama, as media reports 
indicate, takes the unprecedented step of abstaining from voting against a Cuban resolution in the United Nations General Assembly criticizing our own Nation’s law—which is what the Cuban embargo is—he would be disavowing these basic conditions because these basic conditions are what is written into the law. I know. At the time, I was one of the authors who wrote the law in the House of Representatives. 
Think about the horrible message 
that turning a blind eye to these basic conditions in U.S. law would send to 
the Cuban people about the priorities of the United States. Think of the hor-rible message it would send to Cuba’s courageous democracy leaders. 
Since December 17, scores of foreign 
dignitaries, businessmen, and Members of the U.S. Congress have descended upon Havana to meet with Raoul Cas-tro and his cronies, while sidelining Cuba’s courageous dissenters. 
As independent journalist and 
blogger Yoani Sanchez lamented, ‘‘A true shower of presidents, foreign min-isters and deputies has intensified over Cuba without daily life feeling any kind of relief from such illustrious presences.’’ 
Sadly, as the AP reported, ‘‘more 
than 20 U.S. lawmakers have come to Cuba since February without meeting with opposition groups that once were an obligatory stop for congressional delegations.’’ 
The reason U.S. lawmakers don’t 
meet with human rights activists and political dissidents is because if they do, then they don’t get a meeting with Raoul Castro. So I guess the photo op with Raoul Castro is more important than meeting with human rights activ-ists and political dissidents. 
Perhaps the biggest affront was dur-
ing the flag-raising ceremony during the opening ceremony of the U.S. Em-bassy in Havana—to which no Cuban dissidents were invited. The Secretary of State said publically this was due to ‘‘a lack of space’’ and that it was a ‘‘government-to-government’’ function. Yet images clearly showed there was plenty of space and lots of nongovern-mental figures on the invitee list. 
Can you imagine what the world 
would be like today if this had been the attitude of the United States toward Sakharov, Solzhenitsyn, Vaclav Havel, Lech Walesa, and Nelson Mandela? 
Meanwhile, adding insult to injury, 
Cuba’s courageous dissident leaders— now neglected by the administration and congressional supporters of the new policy and even further neglected by foreign dignitaries and unscrupu-lous businessmen searching for a profit at whatever cost—are facing a dra-matic increase in repression. Since De-cember 17, when President Obama an-nounced his new policy, Raoul Castro’s dictatorship has exponentially in-creased the number of political arrests, beatings, and detentions. Just between January and March of this year, politi-cally motivated arrests increased near-ly 70 percent, from 178 arrests in the former month to 610 in the latter. 
According to the Cuban Commission 
for Human Rights and National Rec-onciliation—an internationally recog-nized human rights watchdog—the total number of political arrests during the first 9 months of this year were 5,146. In just 9 months, these 5,146 polit-ical arrests surpassed the year-long tallies recorded for 2010, which was 
2,074; 2011, which was 4,123; and 2015 is tragically on pace to become one of the most repressive years in recent his-tory. The official number of September ar-
rests alone—the month just passed— was 822, the most in 15 months. They include Danilo Maldonado, a 31-year- old artist known as El Sexto who was imprisoned on December 25 of this past year, one week after the new policy was announced. El Sexto was arrested for painting the names Fidel and Raul on two pigs, which was considered an act of ‘‘contempt.’’ He remains impris-oned without trial or sentence or any justice. Amnesty International has rec-ognized him as a prisoner of con-science. 
They also include Zaqueo Baez Guer-
rero, Ismael Bonet Rene and Maria Josefa Acon Sardinas, a member of The Ladies in White. These three dissidents sought to approach Pope Francis dur-ing his recent mass in Havana to ask for his solidarity with Cuba’s political prisoners and democracy movement. They were dragged away and arrested under the eyes of the international media. They have been on a hunger and thirst strike since September 20 and are being held at the infamous secret police center for ‘‘investigations’’ at Aldabo and 100th Street in Havana. I am very concerned about their well- being. 
They also include the case of Digna 
Rodriguez Ibanez, an Afro-Cuban mem-ber of The Ladies in White in Santa Clara, who was attacked by Castro re-gime agents and pelted with tar. That is right, with tar. Also included is Eralisis Frometa Polanco, another member of The Ladies in White, who was pregnant and forcefully aborted due to the violent blows to the stom-ach she received during a beating for her peaceful activism, and Daisy Cuello Basulto, also a member of The Ladies in White, whose daughter was arrested, stripped naked, and forced to urinate in front of male state security officers as a means of tormenting her mother. 
For 24 straight Sundays in a row, 
Cuban dissidents have tried to peace-fully demonstrate after Mass under the slogan ‘‘Todos Marchamos’’—we all march. And for 24 Sundays in a row they have been intercepted, violently beaten, and arrested. 
This image is of Cuban dissident 
leader Antonio Rodiles, a 43-year-old intellectual, after having his face lit-erally shattered during one of those peaceful Sunday marches. Yet, despite the tremendous indignities at the hands of the Castro regime, they re-main undeterred in their struggle for freedom and democracy for all Cubans. Rather than shunning these courageous individuals, the United States should be embracing them. 
On the same day the news hit that 
882 political arrests were made in Sep-tember alone by the Castro regime, Secretary Kerry was in Chile talking about some marine life agreement with Cuba. What about the human lives in Cuba suffering under this oppression? The Obama administration’s policy seems to be bringing little comfort to the Cuban people generally, as they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Oct 07, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.017 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7181 October 7, 2015 
continue to flee by land, by air, and the 
perilous journey by sea across the Flor-ida straits, where countless Cubans have lost their lives in search of free-dom. 
Nearly 32,000 Cubans entered the 
United States in the first 9 months of the fiscal year that ended on Sep-tember 30, up from about 26,000 mi-grants who entered last fiscal year, ac-cording to the Department of Home-land Security. Fewer than 7,500 Cubans came in 2010. 
Finally, Mr. President, as one of the 
authors of the Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity Act of 1996, known as the Libertad Act, and having served as a manager in the conference committee, I am concerned that the re-cent regulations and actions being taken by the Treasury and Commerce Departments contravene the purpose and intent of the law. As the final con-ference committee report of the Libertad Act made clear, ‘‘It is the in-tent of the committee of conference that all economic sanctions in force are March 1, 1996, shall remain in effect until they are either suspended or ter-minated pursuant to the authorities provided in section 204 of this (requir-ing a Presidential determination that a Democratic transition is under way in Cuba).’’ 
Those are the conditions I had pre-
viously addressed. The report also states that ‘‘the explicit mandates in this legislation make clear congres-sional intent that U.S. law be enforced fully and, thereby, provide a basis for strict congressional oversights of exec-utive branch enforcement measures henceforth.’’ 
In furtherance of this intent, the pro-
hibition on U.S. assistance and financ-ing of agricultural sales to Cuba, the prohibition on additional imports from Cuba, and the prohibition of travel re-lating to tourist activities in the Trade Sanctions Reform and Export Enhance-ment Act of 2000 are explicit, clear and leave no room for exceptions. 
These provisions were precisely writ-
ten to deny U.S. funds to the Castro re-gime’s repressive machinery and pro-hibiting them from being funneled through Castro’s monopolies. Yet that is the direction—perhaps unintended— the new regulations are headed in, with the tragic, repressive consequences on full display. 
Any hope that President Obama’s 
goodwill would elicit a different tone from Raul Castro was further dimin-ished by the Cuban dictator’s speech to the U.N. General Assembly last month. Castro dedicated his 17-minute speech almost entirely to bashing the policies of the United States from Latin Amer-ica to Eastern Europe to the Middle East. He praised Latin American auto-crats in the mold of Hugo Chavez, sided with Putin and Assad, criticized rep-resentative democracy, and dismissed human rights as a ‘‘utopia.’’ While President Obama referred to the con-cessions he has already made in his re-marks to the U.N. General Assembly, Raul Castro audaciously demanded 
even more. 
So let me close by saying we all re-
member the message President Obama sent to the foes of freedom in his first inaugural speech. He said, ‘‘[W]e will extend a hand if you are willing to un-clench your fist.’’ I urge the President to follow his own doctrine and recon-sider some of the unmerited and unreciprocated generosity in this new policy, for Raul Castro’s fist clearly re-mains clenched, yet the President’s hand is still fully extended. 
The President claims those who don’t 
agree with his Cuba policy are stuck in the past, but it is the Castro regime that is stuck in the past, still living their misguided Cold War dreams in a world that hasn’t insisted they move forward. And when you own everything in the country—which the regime does—why would you be willing to give it up after 50-some-odd years? Instead, we are rewarding them for their intran-sigence. Unless we challenge them, we will not see change. 
The fact is that hope and change do 
not come easily. They do not just hap-pen. Like any parent with a child, they won’t change unless you challenge them and give them a reason. Like Congress, it needs to be challenged to change. And so with Cuba the world needs to challenge the regime or change will never come—not give in and give everything. To do so only strengthens their resolve to hold on to their dictatorship and prolong the day when we can truly say to the world that ‘‘Cuba es Libre’’—Cuba is free. 
With that, Mr. President, I yield the 
floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority whip. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, while 
he is still on the floor, I want to thank the Senator from New Jersey for his re-marks. He is clearly one of the institu-tion’s experts on Cuba and the Castro regime, and I think we need to pay at-tention to what he is saying. 
Unfortunately, we seem to be dealing 
with other countries and other regimes as we hope they will be, not as they are in reality. That was an important set of remarks, so I thank the Senator. 
Mr. President, yesterday the United 
States Senate voted to advance the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act— what we call the NDAA. I worry some-times we talk in Senate-speak, and we don’t actually communicate what leg-islation is, so I want to talk a little about what this defense—or national security—legislation is and why it is so important that it passes. 
After passing both the House and the 
Senate earlier this summer, colleagues worked in a conference committee led by M
ACTHORNBERRY from Texas, chair-
man of the House Committee on Armed Services, and Senator J
OHN MCCAIN, 
the chairman of the Senate Committee on Armed Services. I know they had a tough job in reconciling those two dif-ferent versions of the legislation, but now they have come forward with strong bipartisan legislation that sup-
ports our military and our families. 
My dad served for 31 years in the 
United States Air Force. He flew B–17s in World War II in the Army Air Corps. I proudly grew up as an Air Force brat, so this is personal to me, as I know it is to the Presiding Officer, who has served in the Marine Corps for a long time and for whom this is a very per-sonal issue as well. 
In my State of Texas we are very 
proud of our connection with the mili-tary. We claim—I am not sure it is ex-actly true but we make this claim— that one out of every ten persons in uniform calls Texas home. I think that is probably roughly correct, but we want to make sure that through this legislation we do our job to make sure our military gets the equipment and the training they need in order to per-form the dangerous missions we ask them to perform here in the United States and around the world. That is what this legislation does. 
For example, the bill authorizes 
funding for the Corpus Christi Army Depot. This installation is a true na-tional treasure because what it does is to refurbish the rotary-wing aircraft that come from overseas. After they are battered and beaten up, they come back and make them like new. So when these army helicopters serve overseas, they come back for a pit stop in Corpus Christi at the depot, and they make sure they are ready for the next chal-lenge our military faces. This legisla-tion we will be voting on at 2 p.m. this afternoon authorizes funding for the construction of a new facility at the depot where helicopter engines and transmissions can continue to be re-paired, and we can continue to equip, as we should, our military. 
This Defense authorization bill also 
authorizes critical military construc-tion, such as the barracks at the Air Force basic training program at Lackland Air Force Base in San Anto-nio, where thousands of airmen start their service to this Nation every year. 
That was the first assignment for my 
dad, at Lackland Air Force Base in San Antonio, TX, when I was a freshman in high school. I have had the privilege of attending some of the graduation cere-monies there, and they are really an inspiration. You see this whole football field full of trainees learning, through their basic training, how to become airmen and to serve our country in the U.S. Air Force. 
The real people and real installations 
are dependent upon this authorization bill becoming law. This defense legisla-tion is integral to ensuring our mili-tary is well resourced, well trained, and ready for action when called upon. Importantly, this legislation also helps clarify the United States’ long-term defense priorities and authorizes funds to equip our military to handle the multiple evolving conflicts around the world. 
I am reminded that in August I vis-
ited the Pacific Command with some of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Oct 07, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.019 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7182 October 7, 2015 
our colleagues here in the Senate, 
where we asked Admiral Harris, the four-star commander of the Pacific Command, what keeps him up at night. What are you most concerned about? At the top of his list was North Korea, governed by a volatile dictator with nuclear weapons and intercontinental ballistic missiles. I know General 
Dunford, the new Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the former Commandant of the Marine Corps, had a little different ordering. He put Rus-sia at the top, I think, then China, North Korea, and then ISIL, if I am not mistaken. But regardless of the exact order, we know there are numerous threats to world peace and regional se-curity. 
We learned the lesson on 9/11 that 
what happens overseas doesn’t stay overseas. It directly affects our secu-rity right here at home too. That is why this legislation is so critical. 
This Defense authorization bill also 
includes provisions that fund efforts to counter Russian aggression in Eastern Europe, where Vladimir Putin is trying to intimidate and coerce countries that are part of NATO, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, and threatening them with the kind of aggression we have seen in Crimea and Ukraine. This bill helps counter that aggression. It also provides resources to help train and assist our partner nations in the Asia-Pacific, it provides help for Israeli missile defense and anti-tunneling de-fense, and it supports our partners in Afghanistan and throughout the Mid-dle East to combat rampant terrorist activity. 
So what we do here in the Senate and 
in this Congress and here in Wash-ington, DC, is important to our na-tional security and the safety of our Nation. That is why for over 50 years Congress has made passing the Defense authorization bill—what we sometimes refer to as the NDAA, the National De-fense Authorization Act—that is why we have always made that a priority. All of us, regardless of political affili-ation or ideology, believe it is fun-damentally important to make sure our men and women in uniform, who are fighting on our behalf or standing ready to fight when called upon, faced with unprecedented threats around the world—we need to make sure, as a moral obligation, that they have what they need and that they know we are solidly behind them. That is what sig-nal this legislation sends. 
Now we have a chance to send this to 
the President—after we vote on this legislation—send it to him for his sig-nature. But here is where I am trou-bled. President Obama has indicated he may well veto this legislation. And what, we might ask, would be his rea-son? Is there some provision of the leg-islation that he finds so repugnant or difficult that he wants to veto the leg-islation? Frankly, what the President and the White House have said is—they claim the funding levels outlined in the Defense authorization bill are ‘‘irre-sponsible.’’ But get this: These same 
funding levels are reflected in the President’s own budget request. So we gave the President what he asked for, and he calls them ‘‘irresponsible.’’ What kind of hypocrisy is that? 
I hope the President and his coun-
selors at the White House will recon-sider playing fast and loose with sup-port for our troops and this important piece of legislation. This bill is bipar-tisan. We can have our fights over all sorts of things—and Heaven knows we will—in this polarized political envi-ronment, but if there is one thing on which we all ought to agree on a bipar-tisan basis, it is that this legislation needs to pass. 
This support for our troops in an 
ever-dangerous world should be a pri-ority. Fortunately, many of our Demo-cratic friends understand this, and they have worked with us, and that is the way it should be. So I hope they aren’t tempted to block this legislation in order to give cover to the President and to prevent him from being held ac-countable for his own decisions. This is not a time to play games, particularly with our national security and our men and women in uniform at stake. 
Today our Armed Forces face a world 
with growing challenges in almost every corner of the world. As a matter of fact, I think the Director of National Intelligence, James Clapper, said he doesn’t remember a time in his long ca-reer in the Air Force and now in the in-telligence community where the world has faced more diverse threats and challenges. And, like it or not, the United States is the point of the spear in addressing those challenges. If the United States doesn’t step up and lead, there is a vacuum created which does nothing but encourage these tyrants, these thugs, the dictators and other people who will take advantage of that void. 
We can’t tie our own hands behind 
our backs while asking our troops to fly into harm’s way to support efforts against ISIS and Syria and Iraq or sail to the edges of the Pacific to keep Chi-nese ambitions in check or to accom-pany Afghan soldiers in deadly fire-fights against a resurgent Taliban. Right now, as I stand in this Chamber, we have Americans—soldiers, sailors, and marines—who are putting their lives at risk to defend this Nation. By definition, when they are deployed overseas, they are far away from home, separated from their loved ones and their families. We ought to always re-member that for every man or woman who wears the uniform, there is a fam-ily back home who is serving our Na-tion as well who deserves our gratitude and our support. The last thing our military needs is a reason to question the strength of our convictions, and they need Congress to support them. 
Our adversaries watch this sort of 
thing, too, because what they read into political dysfunction—particularly when it comes to something as impor-tant as our national security—is they see encouraging signs that maybe they 
can push the envelope a little further. Maybe they can challenge the United States and our allies a little more. Maybe they can grab a little more property, real estate. Maybe they can plant a flag someplace they otherwise would not because they see in our ac-tions—particularly on something as important as this—a certain reticence, perhaps not a willingness to lead but, rather, an America retreating from our international responsibilities, and that is dangerous. That is dangerous. 
I encourage all of our colleagues to 
simply vote once more in support of this legislation so we can send it to the President’s desk. What he does is his responsibility. This legislation passed last June with more than 70 votes. If we can send this bill to the President with that same sort of overwhelming bipartisan support, the President won’t be able to veto this legislation because he knows his veto can be overridden by a two-thirds vote in the House and the Senate. 
So let’s do our part together to show 
our men and women in uniform that our support for them will never ever waiver. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I appre-
ciate the words of my friend from Texas. I just want to point out that our military is fully funded and that some of us believe our military is so impor-tant that it ought to be funded by real dollars, not make-believe smoke and mirrors. 
I have a press release from the rank-
ing member, the top Democrat on the Armed Services Committee, who said he opposes using budget gimmicks to fund the Pentagon, and he declined to sign the NDAA, which is very unusual. 
If we really care about our military, 
and everyone does, we ought to fund with real dollars, not make-believe money—this one called OCO. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that this press release be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
REEDOPPOSES FUNDAMENTALLY FLAWED  
NDAA 
TOP DEMOCRAT ON ARMED SERVICES COMMITTEE  
OPPOSES USING BUDGET GIMMICKS TO FUND  
THE PENTAGON & DECLINES TO SIGN NDAA  
CONFERENCE REPORT  
WASHINGTON , DC.—Today, U.S. Senator 
Jack Reed (D–RI), the Ranking Member of the Armed Services Committee announced that he will not sign the Conference Report for the Fiscal Year 2016 National Defense Au-thorization Act (NDAA). Reed opposes the Conference Report because it uses an ineffi-cient budget gimmick that underfunds the Pentagon’s base budget while inflating the emergency war spending account known as the Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO) fund, which is exempted from Budget Control Act spending caps. As a result, about one out of every six dollars in this year’s NDAA, nearly $90 billion, is counted off the books. ‘‘There are many needed reforms in the Con-ference Committee Report, but the use of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.020 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7183 October 7, 2015 
emergency war funds does not realistically 
provide for the long-term support of our forces,’’ said Senator Reed. ‘‘I cannot sign this Conference Report because it fails to re-sponsibly fix the sequester and provide our troops with the support they deserve.’’ ‘‘I re-main committed to working toward a more balanced, responsible way to fix the seques-ter so our defense and domestic needs are met. Achieving that goal is essential to the security and financial well-being of the American people. The Department of Defense is critical to national security, but so are the FBI, Homeland Security, the Depart-ment of Justice, and many other federal agencies that help keep Americans safe,’’ Reed concluded. 
HIGHWAY BILL  
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I came 
over here because the American people keep hearing: Government shutdown. Government shutdown. What is going to happen? 
The opinion of Congress is the lowest 
of all times because we are not doing our job. We are not doing our work. 
We are facing three possible shut-
downs. 
The first one is the possible shut-
down of our entire transportation pro-gram, and that has 22 days left. On this one, I want to praise the Senate be-cause we stepped up, Democrats and Republicans together, and we said: We are not going to let this happen; we are going to work together and get a bill. I am going to talk about that in a bit. 
The second date we face is in early 
November, when, if we don’t raise the debt ceiling so we can pay for the pro-grams everyone here voted for, the gov-ernment will shut down and we will be-come, frankly, the people who have overseen for the first time a bank-ruptcy. We have to raise the debt ceil-ing. As Ronald Reagan said very elo-quently—I don’t have his exact quote, but he said something like this: Even the thought of not paying our bills, even the thought of not raising the debt ceiling should be avoided. But we face that made-up crisis. 
The third one is December 11, where 
all of our budget has to be looked at and we have to come to some agree-ment on the fair level of spending for both defense and nondefense and all the things we do. 
I am here to talk about the first 
deadline because I am intimately in-volved with this as the ranking mem-ber on the Environment and Public Works Committee. I want to start off by praising my chairman, J
IMINHOFE . 
He and I don’t see eye to eye on a lot of things, but we sure do when it comes to transportation. 
One hundred days ago—my colleague 
knows this—the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee unani-mously approved the DRIVE Act. It has been 68 days since the Senate passed the bill by a vote of 65 to 34—that is an overwhelming vote in a bipartisan way—and now we are down to 22 days before we shut down. People can say: Why are we going to shut down when the Senate has done its job? Because the House hasn’t done its job. It is in-excusable. If we can find the bipartisan will to 
work together to pass a long-term transportation bill that increases fund-ing for roads and bridges and transit projects, certainly they can find it in the House, and they should find that consensus there. We are up against this deadline. We keep hearing that the House—or I did—is going to act. Now, as far as we know, they have put off the markup of the bill until the day be-fore we have a shutdown. That is ridic-ulous. 
I call on Republicans and Democrats 
over there to come together, just as we came together. It is painful here on so many issues, but we found the political will to do the right thing. Where is the House bill? 
In September, 68 organizations sent a 
letter to the House calling on the House to pass the Transportation bill. Look who signed this. I will mention a few: the National Association of Manu-facturers, the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce, the Associated General Contrac-tors, the Travel Association, Mothers Against Drunk Driving, the Laborers International Union, the American Bus Association, the AAA, the American Trucking Association, the Society of Civil Engineers, the American Public Works Association, the National Rail-road Construction and Maintenance Association. This is pretty amazing. This goes on and on. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that this list be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
SEPTEMBER 11, 2015. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : The undersigned 
organizations representing every sector of the U.S. economy urge all members of the House to pass a six-year reauthorization of the federal surface transportation program in 2015 that increases investment in highway and public transportation improvements. 
America’s transportation infrastructure 
network is the foundation on which the na-tion’s economy functions. American manu-facturers, industries and businesses depend on this complex system to move people, products and services every day of the year. It is also a direct contributor to enhanced personal mobility and quality of life for all Americans. 
The Senate passed a multi-year surface 
transportation bill with substantial bipar-tisan support in July. It is now incumbent on the House of Representatives to keep the re-authorization process moving forward to en-sure a six year bill is enacted before the lat-est short-term program extension expires Oc-tober 29. 
The U.S. economy and all Americans re-
quire a surface transportation infrastructure network that can keep pace with growing de-mands. A six-year federal commitment to prioritize and invest in our aging infrastruc-ture and safety needs is essential to achieve this goal. 
Temporary program extensions and eight 
years of recurring Highway Trust Fund rev-enue crises do not provide a path to future economic growth, jobs and increased com-petitiveness. We urge you to end this cycle of uncertainty by advocating and voting for a six-year surface transportation program re-
authorization bill during 2015. 
Sincerely, 
National Association of Manufacturers, 
U.S. Chamber of Commerce, American Road & Transportation Builders Association, As-sociated General Contractors of America, U.S. Travel Association, Mothers Against Drunk Driving, International Union of Oper-ating Engineers, Laborers International Union of North America, Building America’s Future, AAA, National Retail Federation, American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials, American Public Transportation Association, American Trucking Association, American Society of Civil Engineers. 
American Public Works Association, 
American Highway Users Alliance, National Ready Mixed Concrete Association (NRMCA), Associated Equipment Distribu-tors, American Concrete Pressure Pipe Asso-ciation, American Association of Port Au-thorities, Coalition for America’s Gateways & Trade Corridors, National Stone, Sand & Gravel Association, Industrial Minerals As-sociation—North America, Auto Care Asso-ciation, National Recreation and Park Asso-ciation, National Electrical Contractors As-sociation (NECA), National Tank Truck Car-riers, Inc., American Concrete Pavement As-sociation, North American Equipment Deal-ers Association, American Bus Association. 
Transportation Intermediaries Associa-
tion, Association of Equipment Manufactur-ers, National Steel Bridge Alliance (NSBA), Metropolitan Planning Council, Chicago, American Institute of Steel Construction (AISC), American Concrete Pipe Association, Institute of Makers of Explosives, National Safety Council, National Precast Concrete Association, The National Industrial Trans-portation League, Corn Refiners Association, Specialized Carriers & Rigging Association, National Asphalt Pavement Association, Construction & Demolition Recycling Asso-ciation, American Council of Engineering Companies. 
Concrete Reinforcing Steel Institute, Gov-
ernors Highway Safety Association, North America’s Building Trades Unions, National Electrical Manufacturers Association (NEMA), International Bridge, Tunnel and Turnpike Association, Energy Equipment and Infrastructure Alliance, American Iron and Steel Institute, American Traffic Safety Services Association, The Association of Union Constructors (TAUC), Asphalt Emul-sion Manufacturers Association, Asphalt Re-cycling & Reclaiming Association, Inter-national Slurry Surfacing Association, Air-ports Council International–North America. 
American Rental Association, Commercial 
Vehicle Safety Alliance, Precast/Prestressed Concrete Institute, National Railroad Con-struction & Maintenance Association (NRCMA), Motorcycle Riders Foundation, Intelligent Transportation Society of Amer-ica (ITS America), Farm Equipment Manu-facturers Association, NATSO, Representing America’s Travel Plazas and Truckstops, Na-tional Association of Development Organiza-tions (NADO), National Utility Contractors Association (NUCA). 
Mrs. BOXER. All of these extraor-
dinary organizations are behind the Senate bill—the Governors Highway Safety Association, American Con-crete. This is America together. They are calling on us. And this is not a par-tisan issue. 
It is incumbent on the House to keep 
the reauthorization process moving forward and not wait until October 29 when we are on top of the deadline and we have to do another extension. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07OC6.001 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7184 October 7, 2015 
are all sick of it. Let me just say it 
doesn’t work. 
If you went to the bank and wanted 
to buy a house and they said, ‘‘I have great news from you, Mr. and Mrs. America: You have been approved for a loan, but it is only for a year,’’ you are not going to buy the house. It is the same way with our State highway peo-ple. They are not going to build a new highway or fix a road or invest in a transit program if they only have a few days of an extension that they can rely on. They want us to have a long-term bill. We passed the 6-year bill here with 3 years of pay-fors. 
We have seen the organizations. I am 
saying that our people who drive on roads are Democrats, Republicans, Independents, liberals, conservatives, rightwing, leftwing, ‘‘middlewing.’’ It doesn’t matter. This is one issue where we can come together, and the Senate proved we can come together. So our words—and I really speak for everyone. I know. I talked to Senator I
NHOFE , and 
he knows I am speaking today. The words we have for the House: Just do it. Just do it. If we can do it, you can do it. Short-term extensions don’t work. 
I gave the example of going for a 
mortgage. You are not going to invest in a house if you can only get a year’s mortgage. The same thing is true if you want to buy a new car. If you go to the bank and they say, ‘‘Great news: You are approved, but it is only for 3 months, or 90 days,’’ you are not going to buy the car. It is the same way for our States. 
I have a chart—I don’t have it with 
me now—that shows how much the States rely on the Federal Govern-ment. I don’t have it blown up, but I am going to go through this. It is so in-teresting. We have States that rely on the Federal Government highway pro-gram for anywhere from 30 percent all the way up to 100 percent. Many States rely on the Federal Government for over 70 percent. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that this list of the percentages by State be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
Federal Share of Each State’s Capital 
Outlays for Highway & Bridge Projects 
State Percentage 
Rhode Island ...................................... 102 
Alaska ............................................... 93 Montana ............................................ 87 Vermont ............................................ 86 
South Carolina .................................. 79 Hawaii ............................................... 79 North Dakota .................................... 78 Wyoming ............................................ 73 South Dakota .................................... 71 Connecticut ....................................... 71 New Mexico ........................................ 70 Idaho .................................................. 68 Alabama ............................................ 68 New Hampshire .................................. 68 Missouri ............................................. 65 Mississippi ......................................... 65 Colorado ............................................ 64 Minnesota .......................................... 64 Oklahoma .......................................... 63 Federal Share of Each State’s Capital Out-
lays for Highway & Bridge Projects—Con-tinued 
State Percentage 
Arkansas ............................................ 62 
Georgia .............................................. 62 Tennessee .......................................... 62 West Virginia ..................................... 61 Iowa ................................................... 59 Ohio ................................................... 58 Virginia ............................................. 57 Maine ................................................. 57 Wisconsin ........................................... 55 
Oregon ............................................... 54 Indiana .............................................. 54 New York ........................................... 54 District of Columbia .......................... 52 California ........................................... 49 Nevada ............................................... 49 Arizona .............................................. 49 Nebraska ............................................ 49 Kansas ............................................... 49 Louisiana ........................................... 48 North Carolina ................................... 48 Maryland ........................................... 48 Texas ................................................. 47 Pennsylvania ..................................... 46 Washington ........................................ 45 Kentucky ........................................... 44 Michigan ............................................ 41 Delaware ............................................ 41 Florida ............................................... 39 Illinois ............................................... 39 Utah ................................................... 38 Massachusetts ................................... 37 New Jersey ........................................ 35 
We know Delaware is 41 percent reli-
ant on the Federal Government; Rhode Island is 100 percent reliant on the Fed-eral Government; Vermont, 80 percent; Hawaii, 79 percent; Alaska, 93 percent. 
This is something that is a partner-
ship. This is a partnership. We work to-gether with the States, but we are so disadvantaging our States. In my State, it is about 50–50. We raise our re-sources about 50 percent. But do you know what the other 50 percent means to California, because we have almost 40 million people? It is $4 billion a year. We can’t do our program on our own. 
As my friend J
IMINHOFE says, it is a 
need that he feels as a conservative he can support. When you read the Con-stitution, we are one Nation; we are connected. We need to build these roads. 
There are over 61,000 bridges that are 
structurally deficient. We know this. We have worked together to fix this problem, because we know, in a way, it is a moral issue. Once you know some-thing is dangerous, you have to fix it. We did with the Senate bill. We call on the House to do the same. Now, 50 per-cent of our roads are in less than good condition. This is not news to most of our people. They understand it. They drive on these roads. It takes a toll on their cars. I forget the exact amount, but I think it is about $1,000 a year of costs for people who use their cars a lot from roads that are not in good condi-tion. 
Every day, there are over 215 million 
crossings by motorists on structurally deficient bridges in every single State in our great Union. Let’s show you a list of some of these bridges that are in need of repair: Alabama, Arizona, Ar-kansas, California—our Golden Gate Bridge, our famous, incredible bridge. I crossed that bridge when I lived in 
Marin County every day for work. Seri-ously, the bottom line is that we need to act. Connecticut, District of Colum-bia, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Ha-waii, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa—these are bridges in great need of repair. Ken-tucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York—the Brooklyn Bridge, that iconic bridge, is dangerous and in need of repair. In North Carolina, there is a Greensboro bridge. Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania—the Benjamin Franklin Bridge—Pennsylvania is the home of the chairman over there. In 
Oregon—the ranking member—there is the Columbia River Crossing. The Co-lumbia River Crossing and the Ben-jamin Franklin Bridge are in the homes of the chairman and ranking member of the committee who have the obligation to get this done. There is South Carolina, Texas, Utah, Wash-ington, and Wisconsin. 
I have rushed this, but I don’t want 
to spend the time naming every bridge. But this is where we are. A multiyear surface transportation bill is going to solve these problems, and we are going to start the work that needs to be done. We know there are still 1.3 mil-lion fewer construction workers today than in 2006, when the recession start-ed. According to the Associated Gen-eral Contractors, 24 States and the Dis-trict of Columbia lost construction jobs between July and August. No won-der people look at Congress and they don’t think we are doing a good job. We know all this. 
The Senate has passed a good bill, bi-
partisan. All we are asking is what construction industry officials want us to do, and that is to stop the uncer-tainty about future Federal funding levels for highway and transit repairs. We know that the bill we passed in the Senate is a good bill. It is not as big as a lot of us wanted, and it is not as small as other people wanted. We found a sweet spot. 
I am going to conclude by saying 
this. The reports I have heard indicate that the House Transportation and In-frastructure Committee may well take action at the end of this month. That is so late. Let’s go back to the 22 days chart. We are 22 days away from a transportation shutdown. They are going to mark up on the very day that we lose the authorization to spend funds. 
We know the writing is on the wall. 
They are going to send us some short- term legislation. I want to say I am not going to allow that because I will oppose any short-term extension that pulls pieces out of our bill and takes the pressure off of passing a bill, such as positive train control. We have taken care of positive train control in our bill. I am not going to pull it out and put it on a short-term extension— no. They will get nothing. 
They have to do their job. That is 
why they are here. We know we can do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.032 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7185 October 7, 2015 
it. We proved it over here. We have 
really serious problems over here, but we did it. We did it. When you have 65 votes for something over here and you pull equally from both parties, you have a good product. We have serious issues, and they have to be addressed. We are not going to pull out special fa-vorite pieces out of the highway bill and stick it on a short-term extension or have some stand-alone bill that solves positive train control or any other of the special issues that we have addressed in the bill. Everyone knows we have to act. 
I know my friend is waiting patiently 
to make a few remarks. I simply want to conclude with this. We passed a good bill—over $55 billion for 6 years. There are two new programs, including a for-mula freight program that provides funds for all States to improve goods movement. We have included the McCaskill-Schumer rental cars bill so rental cars will be safe. We have the first-ever commuter rail fund for posi-tive train control. 
These are some of the good things we 
have done. Let’s not throw it all away and get it all glommed up into the other problems we are facing, which are the date on the debt ceiling and the December 11 date on funding the budg-et. We don’t have to do it. This is a spe-cial fund. It is the highway trust fund. It should not get enmeshed in the end- of-budget-year issues. We should take that crisis off the plate. We did it in the Senate. They should do it in the House. That is our message today to the House: Please, Republicans, Demo-crats, liberals, conservatives, mod-erates, everyone in between, come to-gether for the good of this country and pass a highway bill. Let’s get to con-ference. Let’s get the best bill we can get and be done with it and, at least then, send a signal to the people of this country that we are doing our job. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
E
RNST ). The Senator from North Da-
kota. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Madam President, I 
rise to discuss the legislation before this body, the National Defense Au-thorization Act. Before doing so, I want to take a minute and address the DRIVE Act. I strongly support the DRIVE Act. It is very important that we have a 6-year highway bill for our country and that we get it in place. It was passed in a bipartisan basis. I think there are many provisions in it that will be very helpful, not only to our country but to each and every one of our States. We have worked on that legislation; we have passed it through regular order. It is vitally important. 
When I go home and talk to my con-
stituents in North Dakota, as I know is the case for all Members of this body, they express how important it is that we get not only a highway bill passed but a 6-year highway bill, a long-term highway bill passed so that these multiyear projects can go forward. We do need to get that done and get it done now so that we don’t have an 
interruption in the Federal highway program. 
To my esteemed colleague, I want to 
express my support as well for this im-portant legislation. I appreciate both the work of the chairman of the Envi-ronment and Public Works Committee and of the ranking member—my col-league who is the ranking member on EPW. This is important legislation. We need to continue to work in a bipar-tisan way in both Houses—the Senate and House—and get this legislation done. 
Mrs. BOXER. Would the Senator 
yield so I could thank him for a minute? 
Mr. HOEVEN. I will. Mrs. BOXER. Through the Chair, I 
want to thank the Senator so much be-cause he was one of those people who really helped us. In addition, every member of the Environment and Public Works Committee, on both sides of the aisle, was terrific on this. In addition to the chairman, Senator I
NHOFE , I also 
want to single out Senator D URBIN and 
Senator M CCONNELL , because they 
stepped up from both sides of the lead-ership when it really looked as if it would never happen. We proved that we could do it. I am so grateful to my friend for showing his support because we have so many contentious issues. This is not one of them. I want to thank him very much for his com-ments. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Madam President, 
again, I thank the Senator from Cali-fornia. This is important bipartisan legislation, and we need to continue to work to get it done. 
I rise today to discuss the NDAA— 
the National Defense Authorization Act. It is likewise incredibly important legislation, in this case for our mili-tary—for our military and for the de-fense of this great Nation. I want to begin by commending the members of the Armed Services Committee, and es-pecially Chairman M
CCAIN, but all of 
them for their diligence. That means Members of both the Senate and the House, working together in conference committee after both Houses passed this legislation, passed the legislation through regular order. I emphasize that because it is so important that we follow regular order in this body and in the House, where we bring forward the legislation from the committees, bring it to the floor, have the debate, have the opportunity to offer amendments, debate those amendments, vote on those amendments, and then vote on the legislation. Let these bodies work their will. Send the legislation to the President. He makes his decision and we move forward. 
I emphasize this right at the outset 
because it is so important that we work in this way through regular order so that we get to the important work of this country. I use this legislation as a great example—the National Defense Authorization Act, the defense of our Nation. We are moving forward because we are following regular order. We are 
working in the way I just described in both the Senate and the House, and that is what we need to do. 
It is hard to overstate the impor-
tance of this legislation for our men and women in uniform and for the se-curity of our Nation. I am pleased that we are now debating this conference agreement, and I look forward to mov-ing to final passage. In just a few hours, at 2 p.m. eastern time today, we will be voting on final passage on this legislation. 
There are several features of this bill 
that I want to highlight, and I am going to talk about a few of them. There are many important provisions, but I do want to highlight some of them here over the next few minutes. The first is in the area of personnel and benefits, taking care of those who put on the uniform—men and women who wear the uniform and put it all on the line for us and for our country. 
This bill represents a continuing 
commitment to the well-being of our service men and women. It makes sig-nificant improvements to the benefits we offer to those who serve, particu-larly, by allowing military participa-tion in the Thrift Savings Plan, as rec-ommended by the Military Compensa-tion and Retirement Modernization Commission. 
We recognize that we need to reward 
those who stay in the military for 20 years with a strong retirement pack-age. We also recognize through this legislation that those who serve less than 20 years deserve something in re-tirement as well. The Thrift Savings Plan provides a great mechanism to do that. I am very glad that we are able to include that in this legislation. 
Let me touch for a minute on inter-
national security assistance. We face an incredible array of threats to our se-curity and to the security of our allies. Those threats require immediate and careful attention, and this legislation points us in that direction and provides important tools. Because of the serious concerns many of us have about the ef-forts to fight ISIL, the National De-fense Authorization Act increases con-gressional oversight of the effort to support the fight against ISIL in Syria. 
We should not wait to pass this legis-
lation. There is too much at stake in critical regions of the world, and we need to move forward. We should pass this legislation immediately, and the President should sign it right away so that our military has all of the au-thorities it needs to address threats such as ISIL as soon as possible. 
I will talk for a minute about some of 
the critical defense programs. Of course the military needs the best tools available in order to meet the se-curity threats of today and tomorrow. 
The National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2016 provides au-thorization for a number of key weapon systems, including the Air Force’s new long-range strike bomber and the aer-ial refueling tanker programs, missile 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.021 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7186 October 7, 2015 
defense, and a wide range of other pro-
curement priorities. Delaying these programs now will harm our national security in the future, so it is impor-tant to keep them on track by passing this legislation and getting it signed into law. 
I am also very pleased that the fiscal 
year 2016 legislation provides full au-thority for the Air Force’s nuclear forces, including the B–52 bomber and the Minuteman III ICBM as well as the Global Hawk unmanned aircraft. Our Global Hawks provide incredible intel-ligence, surveillance, and reconnais-sance capabilities. In North Dakota, we are proud to host the capabilities that make such vital contributions to the defense of our Nation—two of the legs of the nuclear triad—the interconti-nental ballistic missiles and the B–52 bombers, as well as the unmanned Global Hawk. 
I also want to say another word 
about remotely piloted aircraft, RPAs. The Air Force has been squeezed by the demand for the capabilities we have in the Predator and the Reaper, and it has been difficult to meet those demands and still have the capacity to train new pilots for these RPAs, remotely piloted aircraft. 
I wish to commend the members of 
the conference committee for a very strong section in this legislation that requires the Air Force to consider all of its options to train additional RPA pilots. I have been advocating using the private sector to increase our capa-bility to train those pilots. That is a step that can be done in the short term without drawing down our ability to support commanders in theater. 
Right now the commanders in the-
ater want those remotely piloted air-craft for the mission. That is a very high operations tempo. That doesn’t leave pilots available here at home to train new pilots to fly these aircraft. That is why a private sector solution can be so helpful to our Air Force, and that is the language I worked so hard to include in this legislation. 
I also have language in the report 
that goes along with the fiscal year 2016 Defense appropriations bill. The companion bill to the authorization bill is the appropriations bill. I in-cluded language in the appropriations bill that instructs the Air Force to look at private sector-led training. My hope is that between that language and what we are passing in this authoriza-tion bill, the Air Force will find a way to leverage the private sector to en-hance what the Air Force can do with its RPA fleet, meaning a higher ops tempo, and at the same time train new pilots and bring them into the system to fly unmanned aircraft. 
Finally, I will highlight a couple of 
items that are important to North Da-kota specifically. One is an amendment I offered during floor consideration of the NDAA in the Senate. This language directs the Air Force to determine the feasibility of partnering the Air Na-tional Guard with the Active-Duty Air Force to operate and maintain the 
Global Hawk. Similar to what it does in support of the Predator and Reaper missions, I believe the Air National Guard can provide a valuable contribu-tion to the Global Hawk missions. I am very grateful that the conferees re-tained this amendment in the bill, and I hope that it will prove to be valuable not only in North Dakota but will set an example that can be followed with other aircraft and the Air National Guard units in other States across the country. 
I also wish to thank the conferees for 
including a $7.3 million authorization to construct a new Intelligence Tar-geting Facility at Hector Field in Fargo. Our Air National Guard is tak-ing on an exciting new targeting mis-sion and this much needed facility will give them the space required and the capability—the facilities and resources necessary—to do that job right. They are already doing an outstanding job, but they need this secure facility as part of this highly specialized and highly important mission. 
I worked on this project through the 
military construction appropriations subcommittee, and I look forward to completing the authorizing and appro-priating legislation so we can get con-struction started on this new facility in Fargo. 
The bottom line is that this legisla-
tion includes many provisions that are important for our men and women in uniform, that are critical to our na-tional security, and that are vital to each of our States. The bill is well crafted, and it has received bipartisan support. It is absolutely necessary that we move forward and pass it and that it becomes law, so I will touch on that as-pect of the legislation for just a minute as well. 
The President has indicated that he 
intends to veto this legislation. So he intends to veto legislation that is pass-ing through this body with very strong bipartisan support. The irony is that he is vetoing this legislation because we included additional funding in the legislation for our military that is in-credibly important and is very much needed. But he is saying, nope, that is not what he wants done and has indi-cated that he will veto the legislation. 
It is very important today that we 
have strong bipartisan support to send a clear message that if this legislation is vetoed, this body and the House will override that veto. We have to stand strong on a bipartisan basis. We have to make sure that we get this legisla-tion passed, not just for our men and women in uniform but for the good and for the security of our country. 
This is vitally important legislation. 
This is about making sure that we join together in a bipartisan way and get it done for our men and women in uni-form, and then there is still more to do. 
This is the authorizing legislation. 
Then we have to pass the appropriating bill that goes with this legislation so that we fund the authorizations pro-
vided in this legislation, and not until all three things are done have we stepped up and got the job done for our military. We need to pass this author-ization. We need to make sure that we override any veto—should the Presi-dent decide to veto this very important legislation—and then we need to stand strong, come together, and make sure we do not have a filibuster of the com-panion bill, the Defense appropriations bill, which goes with this authoriza-tion. Then, and only then, will we have the job done that we need to do for our men and women in uniform. That is the task before us, and that is what we need to get done. We need to keep our eye on that ball very clearly, and we need to make sure the American people understand that we have to pass this legislation, override any veto, and then pass the companion Defense appropria-tions bill. Only then have we got the job done for our men and women in uniform who put it all on the line for us. 
With that, I yield the floor. 
SECTION 1045  
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, 
I want to thank Chairman M CCAINand 
Ranking Member R EEDfor their efforts 
to include an anti-torture provision in the conference report on the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, H.R. 1735. As a coauthor of this provision—Section 1045 of the con-ference report—I am pleased that there will now be clear limits on interroga-tion techniques so that the United States can never again conduct coer-cive and abusive interrogations or in-definite secret detentions. 
Section 1045 applies the restrictions 
on interrogations in the Army Field Manual under current law to the entire U.S. Government. The provision there-fore extends to the whole of govern-ment what Congress did in 2005, by a vote of 90–9, with the Detainee Treat-ment Act, which banned the Depart-ment of Defense from using techniques not authorized by the Army Field Man-ual. The Detainee Treatment Act also banned across the government the use of cruel, inhumane, and degrading treatment or punishment. 
Section 1045 also requires prompt ac-
cess by the International Committee of the Red Cross to any detainee held by the U.S. Government. 
Madam President, I ask unanimous 
consent to engage in a colloquy with the chairman of the Armed Services Committee, Senator M
CCAIN, to pro-
vide clear legislative history as the co-authors of the amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. I would like to 
start by asking the distinguished Sen-ator from Arizona, Mr. M
CCAIN, a ques-
tion concerning this anti-torture provi-sion, Section 1045. 
Some have raised the concerns about 
the exemption in this provision for Federal law enforcement agencies. The concern is that this new provision 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.023 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7187 October 7, 2015 
might supersede other laws, rules, and 
guidance that apply to Federal law en-forcement agencies. The language in the Senate-passed bill made clear that Federal law enforcement agencies could use interrogation techniques out-side of the Army Field Manual if those techniques are authorized, noncoercive, and ‘‘designed to elicit voluntary state-ments and do not involve the use of force, threats, or promises.’’ 
Does the absence of this language in 
the conference report somehow open the door to the use of coercive interro-gation techniques by those agencies? Is that the intent of the law enforcement exception in Section 1045? 
Mr. M
CCAIN. No. I assure the Sen-
ator from California that this is not the case and that I would not have agreed to any such provision if it were. The conferees decided that the require-ment that all U.S. interrogations be conducted in accordance with the Army Field Manual on interrogations should not apply to Federal law en-forcement officials for two simple, straightforward reasons. 
First, Federal law enforcement agen-
cies already have an extensive and well-established set of rules and proce-dures concerning interrogations be-cause law enforcement interrogations are by definition conducted to produce statements that are voluntary and ad-missible in court. Those rules and pro-cedures strictly prohibit the use of co-ercive techniques. 
Second, the U.S. Army Field Manual 
was not written with law enforcement circumstances in mind, and it is unnec-essary to ask law enforcement agencies to use or adapt the Army Field Manual when they already have their own rules and procedures for noncoercive interro-gations. 
Since at least 2004, it has been the 
policy of the FBI that ‘‘no attempt be made to obtain a statement by force, threats, or promises,’’ according to the Legal Handbook for FBI Special Agents, as publicly recounted by the FBI general counsel in July 24, 2004, congressional testimony. This and other such rules and applicable restric-tions are unaffected by this provision. 
In short, we did not ‘‘open the door’’ 
to coercive techniques by law enforce-ment in any way. We left the existing law enforcement rules under current law and Executive order in place. In-deed, as the joint explanatory state-ment of managers in this conference report states: ‘‘The conferees recognize that law enforcement personnel may continue to use authorized non-coer-cive techniques of interrogation, and that Army Field Manual 2–22.3 is de-signed to reflect best practices for in-terrogation to elicit reliable state-ments.’’ 
Also, it should go without saying 
that the exemption for ‘‘Federal law enforcement entities’’ does not apply to the Central Intelligence Agency, De-partment of Defense, and the like, but rather includes entities like the Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation and the Department of Homeland Security, as 
specified. 
It is false to suggest that the con-
ferees in any way agreed to allow the use of coercive interrogations by law 
enforcement agencies. We have banned coercive interrogations because they are a stain on our national character, ineffective, and counterproductive to our foreign policy goals. 
I did not work for more than a decade 
to preclude coercive interrogations only to agree to permit them so long as they are carried out by a different set of agencies. I did not, and this provi-sion does no such thing. The rules and strictures on coercive interrogations by Federal law enforcement agencies are completely unaffected by this pro-vision. I say that as the coauthor of the Senate amendment and as the chair-man of the Armed Services Committee, who negotiated the agreement on the final language. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. I want to thank 
Chairman M
CCAINfor explaining the 
legislative intent of the provision and for making clear that this legislation does not allow the use of coercive in-terrogations by Federal law enforce-ment agencies. 
I would also like to ask the Senator 
for his view on one additional change made to the anti-torture provision in the conference process. The Senate bill required the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with other specified offi-cials, to review the Army Field Manual for update and revision. The Senate bill required this to be completed within a year from the date of enactment and once every 3 years thereafter. The con-ference report changes the timeline for that review, so that it occurs not soon-er than 3 years from the date of enact-ment, and then every 3 years there-after. Can the chairman of the com-mittee clarify the reasoning behind that change? 
Mr. M
CCAIN. I thank the Senator for 
the question. There was a concern among the conferees that the Senate provision would not allow adequate time for the mandatory review, espe-cially given the broadening of the ap-plication of the Army Field Manual to the rest of government. In light of this change, and the importance of the re-view, the conferees decided that 3 years was a more appropriate timeline. 
I would also like to clarify one point, 
as there has been some confusion. It has been pointed out that the con-ference report requires the mandatory review of the Army Field Manual to be completed ‘‘not sooner than’’ 3 years from the date of enactment. This should not be read as allowing the re-view to be done far in excess of 3 years or potentially not at all. This language appears under the heading ‘‘Require-ment to Update,’’ and it is the con-ferees’ view that this review must be completed on or shortly after 3 years from the date of enactment. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Again, I thank the 
chairman and congratulate him for his very important legislative achieve-ment. Madam President, I want to thank 
Chairman M
CCAINand Ranking Mem-
ber R EEDfor their efforts to include an 
anti-torture provision in the con-ference report on the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, H.R. 1735. 
Section 1045 of the conference report 
establishes clear limits on interroga-tion techniques so that the United States can never again conduct coer-cive and abusive interrogations or in-definite secret detentions. 
Section 1045 applies the restrictions 
on interrogations in the Army Field Manual under current law to the entire U.S. Government. The provision there-fore extends what Congress did in 2005, by a vote of 90–9, with the Detainee Treatment Act, which banned the De-partment of Defense from using tech-niques not authorized by the Army Field Manual, and also banned across the government the use of cruel, inhu-mane, and degrading treatment or pun-ishment. 
Section 1045 also requires prompt ac-
cess by the International Committee of the Red Cross to any detainee held by the U.S. Government. 
Both of these provisions are con-
sistent with U.S. policy for the past several years, but Section 1045 will now codify these requirements into law. 
President Obama banned the use of 
coercive and abusive interrogation techniques by Executive order in his first few days in office, on January 22, 2009. 
That Executive order, No. 13491, for-
mally prohibits—as a matter of pol-icy—the use of interrogation tech-niques not specifically authorized by Army Field Manual 2–22.3 on human in-telligence collector operations. Section 1045 places that restriction into law, which is long overdue. 
What this means is that a future 
President can’t simply rewrite the pol-icy—these limitations are now a mat-ter of law and can’t be undone without a future act of Congress. 
Section 1045(a)(2) states that an indi-
vidual in custody or otherwise detained ‘‘shall not be subjected to any interro-gation technique or approach, or any treatment related to interrogation, that is not authorized by and listed in the Army Field Manual.’’ 
Section 1045(a)(2)(B)(i) makes clear 
that the ban on interrogation tech-niques not authorized by the Army Field Manual applies to all individuals ‘‘in the custody or under the effective control of an officer, employee, or other agent of the United States Gov-ernment,’’ whether during or outside an armed conflict. 
This is a very important change. Un-
like the Executive order, which only applies to armed conflict, we are say-ing with this law that coercive interro-gations will never again be used, pe-riod. 
Section 1045(b) codifies a separate 
section of President Obama’s January 2009 Executive order, requiring access by the International Committee of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.010 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7188 October 7, 2015 
Red Cross to all U.S. detainees in U.S. 
Government custody—which has been historically granted by the United States and other law-abiding nations and is needed to fulfill our obligations under international law, such as in the Geneva Conventions. 
I know my colleagues are well aware 
of the executive summary of the study released by the Intelligence Committee in December 2014 on the deeply flawed detention and interrogation program carried out by the CIA beginning in 2002. 
During my floor speech on the study 
in December 2014, I described how the interrogations of CIA detainees from 2002 onward were absolutely brutal and ineffective. 
In August of 2014, President Obama 
said what many of us have known for years: that the CIA’s now-defunct in-terrogation program amounted to tor-ture. 
CIA Director John Brennan has 
clearly stated he agrees with the ban on interrogation techniques that are not in the Army Field Manual. Direc-tor Brennan wrote the following to the Intelligence Committee in 2013 about the President’s 2009 Executive Order: 
‘‘I want to reaffirm what I said dur-
ing my confirmation hearing: I agree with the President’s decision, and, while I am the Director of the CIA, this program will not under any cir-cumstances be reinitiated. I personally remain firm in my belief that enhanced interrogation techniques are not an ap-propriate method to obtain intel-ligence and that their use impairs our ability to continue to play a leadership role in the world.’’ 
More recently, in a September 11, 
2015, letter to me, Director Brennan wrote that ‘‘CIA strictly adheres to Ex-ecutive Order 13491, 3 C.F.R. 199 (2009), and fully supports efforts to codify key provisions of the executive order in the National Defense Authorization Act for FY 2016.’’ 
As a result of the anti-torture stat-
ute (18 U.S.C. §2340A) and passage of the Detainee Treatment Act in 2005, current law already bans torture, as well as cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment or punishment. 
However, the provision in this bill is 
still necessary because the CIA was able to employ brutal interrogation techniques based on deeply flawed legal theories that those techniques did not constitute ‘‘torture’’ or ‘‘cruel, inhu-mane, or degrading treatment.’’ 
Opinions written by the Department 
of Justice’s Office of Legal Counsel, OLC, which could not withstand scru-tiny and have since been withdrawn, managed to twist legal reasoning be-yond all recognition and find that waterboarding, sleep deprivation up to 180 hours at a time, stress positions, slamming a detainee into a wall, and other similar techniques were not tor-ture. 
OLC reached these erroneous legal 
judgments by ignoring the inherent brutality of the CIA’s so-called en-hanced interrogation techniques. While 
ignoring that fact, OLC claimed CIA’s techniques were a necessity to keep Americans safe and OLC mistakenly found the CIA program was managed and implemented with great care, which it was not. 
This stood in stark contrast to the 
clear language of the anti-torture stat-ute in the U.S. Code, and the Conven-tion against Torture, which the U.S. Senate ratified in 1994. 
That convention, clearly and abso-
lutely, bans torture. It says: ‘‘No ex-ceptional circumstances whatsoever, whether a state of war or a threat of war, internal political instability or any other public emergency, may be in-voked as a justification of torture.’’ 
And yet so-called enhanced interro-
gation techniques—not allowed by the Army Field Manual, were approved, used, and abused by the Bush adminis-tration. 
Section 1045 will serve as an addi-
tional bulwark to prevent similar tech-niques from ever be used again by im-posing—on all of the U.S. Govern-ment—the same restrictions that apply to the U.S. military today under the Detainee Treatment Act. 
In order to make sure that the legis-
lative history is clear, I’d like to de-scribe the minor changes that were made to the language of this anti-tor-ture provision during the conference. 
As described in the joint explanatory 
statement of the committee of the con-ference, the following two minor changes were made to the amendment. 
First, regarding the applicability of 
this new provision to law enforcement interrogations, Section 1045 makes clear that the new limitations ‘‘shall not apply to officers, employees, or agents of the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation, the Department of Homeland Security, or other Federal law enforce-ment entities.’’ 
The version that passed the Senate 
and this final version both have an ex-emption for law enforcement because law enforcement agencies do not use the Army Field Manual and are already required to use noncoercive interroga-tion methods in which officers question suspects in order to elicit voluntary statements. 
This exemption is consistent with 
and reinforces the relevant require-ments of Executive Order 13491 on ‘‘En-suring Lawful Interrogations,’’ which allows law enforcement agents to use only ‘‘authorized, non-coercive tech-niques of interrogation that are de-signed to elicit voluntary statements and do not involve the use of force, threats, or promises.’’ 
For example, since at least 2004, it 
has been the policy of the FBI that ‘‘no attempt be made to obtain a statement by force, threats, or promises,’’ accord-ing to the Legal Handbook for FBI Spe-cial Agents which was publicly re-counted by the FBI general counsel in July 24, 2004, congressional testimony. 
As the conferees to the defense bill 
wrote in their joint explanatory state-ment: ‘‘The conferees recognize that 
law enforcement personnel may con-tinue to use authorized non-coercive techniques of interrogation.’’ The ab-sence of this language in the final bill text should not be interpreted as any authorization for law enforcement to use any coercive interrogation tech-niques. 
The second minor change to the anti- 
torture amendment that was made in the conference committee is that the timing for the completion of the re-quired update to the Army Field Man-ual—after the specified ‘‘thorough re-view’’—was changed from ‘‘[n]ot later than one year’’ to ‘‘[n]ot sooner than three years’’ in subsection (a)(6)(A) of Section 1045. 
This change does not alter the impor-
tance of the required review, the im-perative that it be initiated in the im-mediate future, and that it be com-pleted in 3 years’ time. 
The language of the provision is 
clear: the conferees wanted the Sec-retary of Defense to be thorough and gave him 3 years to complete the re-view. But the amendment says that he ‘‘shall complete’’ a thorough review after 3 years, not that he ‘‘shall ini-tiate’’ a thorough review after 3 years. 
It is also important to point out that, 
regardless of the timing of this statu-torily required review, this administra-tion or the subsequent administration may at any time revise portions or the entirety of the Army Field Manual. 
As Section 1045(a)(6)(A) states, revis-
ing the Army Field Manual is not op-tional; it is a ‘‘requirement to update.’’ Moreover, the provision makes clear that this requirement must be under-taken every 3 years. Therefore, it would be inconsistent with the title, structure, and purpose of this sub-section to suggest that the initial re-view following enactment can be post-poned indefinitely. 
Also, as the amendment notes, revi-
sions to the Army Field Manual may be necessary to ensure that it complies with the legal obligations of the United States, a requirement that the execu-tive branch is obligated to adhere to at all times. 
In addition, no matter when the up-
dates to the Army Field Manual are made, the manual ‘‘is designed to re-flect best practices for interrogation to elicit reliable statements,’’ as the con-ferees also wrote their joint explana-tory statement. America’s best and most experienced interrogators have consistently and emphatically stated that best practices for eliciting reli-able, actionable intelligence solely in-volve noncoercive techniques that elic-it voluntary statements. 
Let me now turn briefly to part (b) of 
Section 1045, which codifies part of President Obama’s Executive order of January 2009 requiring access by the International Committee of the Red Cross, ICRC, to all U.S. detainees in U.S. Government custody. 
This requirement—which is based on 
our obligations under international 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.011 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7189 October 7, 2015 
law—has had bipartisan support in pre-
vious Congresses. 
As we know from our own history 
and from the experiences of detainees around the world, closing the door to the ICRC opens the door to torture and other forms of mistreatment. Pro-viding ICRC access is also necessary for our moral standing and critical to our efforts to defend human rights abroad. 
Finally, our troops depend on the 
promise of ICRC access should they be taken prisoner. Now is the time to en-sure that we live up to the values—in practice and in law—that we expect will be accorded to our own members of the military. 
I have been opposed to coercive inter-
rogations and the use of so-called en-hanced interrogation techniques since I first learned of their use at Abu Ghraib and by the CIA. This bill, at long last, puts the end to them. I am very proud to have been part of the process to au-thor and support this provision and very much thank the bill managers for their insistence that it remain in the final legislation. 
Whatever one may think about the 
CIA’s former detention and interroga-tion program, we should all agree that there can be no turning back to the era of torture. Coercive interrogation tech-niques do not work, they corrode our moral standing, and ultimately, they undermine counterterrorism policies they are intended to support. 
Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Florida. 
YOUTUBE KIDS APP  
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, a 
few weeks ago I brought to the atten-tion of the Senate the continuing new challenges that we have with the Inter-net and the fact that so much material is available to all of us, including our youngest citizens, indeed, our toddlers. 
The question is: What is appropriate 
content for our toddlers? Google has put up a YouTube application for kids. They call it YouTube Kids. I have some pictures here that show some of the content on that application. First of all, I think this picture is self-explana-tory. It says: How to open a beer with another beer. Mind you, this is a YouTube Kids application. Toddlers can access this information. It says: How to open a beer, and it goes through the sequence. This is another fairly graphic picture of how to open a beer with a beer. 
Is that appropriate for young chil-
dren? It is readily available and pro-moted by Google. I doubt that we would conclude that it is. Here is an-other one. 
This one has wine-tasting tips. What 
is tannin in wine? Identifying acidity in wine. 
Here is the cutest baby song in the 
world, ‘‘Everybody Dance Now.’’ That doesn’t look too bad. Here is Alvin and the Chipmunks. This has nursery rhymes for babies, but when you play it, there are some unusual words in there, and so forth and so on. You get the picture. This is for children. This is 
for little ones. 
Now here is a picture that shows how 
to make sulfuric acid two ways. Is that appropriate for toddlers? 
I have another example. This shows 
how to make toxic chlorine gas. Is that appropriate for young children? I don’t think so. 
I wrote to Google, and fortunately 
Google responded. I wish to share with the Senate what I believe are steps in the right direction, but not enough. For example, I asked: What policies and procedures govern the inclusion of the videos on this app? 
The answer in the Google letter is 
that Google uses algorithms that gov-ern the automated system. Parents can notify Google of problem videos. Google will be informing parents on how to change its settings to allow par-ents to be more restrictive with the range of videos their kids can access. 
Well, why should parents have to in-
tercede when their algorithms—if you type in a search for beer—come up with what I showed you? It shows us how to open a beer with another beer. That seems contrary to common sense. 
Then we ask: What factors determine 
whether content is suitable for chil-dren? 
Google’s answer is: An automated 
system and parental complaints. 
I ask in my letter: For what age 
range must content be suitable? 
Google did not answer that question. I additionally ask: What steps, such 
as filtering, does Google take to ensure unsuitable content does not appear in search results on YouTube Kids? Do these steps apply to new content uploaded to YouTube Kids? 
Google’s answer was: Google uses al-
gorithms in the automated system. Google will soon be informing parents on how to change settings and restrict the range of videos. That is the same answer that applied to a previous ques-tion. 
So I ask: How long after content is 
flagged does Google assess its suit-ability? 
The answer is quite unclear. The 
statement in this letter was: Google personnel quickly manually review any videos that are flagged. 
So I additionally ask: How does 
Google remove content that is deemed unsuitable for YouTube Kids and en-sure that it continues to be inacces-sible to YouTube Kids? 
The answer from the letter is: The 
video is manually removed by Google employees. That is the automatic way of what is deemed unsuitable to ensure that it continues to be inaccessible. 
So I ask: What policies and proce-
dures govern how Google determines the suitability of advertisements and whether they can appear on this app? 
The answer is: Advertising must 
abide by three core principles which in-clude that ads maintain an appropriate viewing environment, that they not be based on data tracking, and that they are formatted to enable exclusive YouTube Kids control. That is nice. How do we get those 
beer advertisements off of there? 
Then I ask: What policies and proce-
dures does Google use, if any, to distin-guish advertisements and paid content from unpaid content on YouTube Kids? 
The answer is: Paid advertisements 
are clearly labeled. 
We have constantly had this tension 
with any publication as to what is ap-propriate content. The movie industry years ago went through this with the rating system. But now we are in the age of the Internet and, as such, it is ubiquitous and it is available to very small children who want to know how to use a device that they see everybody else using. On an application that is specifically designed for children, if we allow this kind of stuff to go on, then where are our commonsense values? We don’t want to be teaching a toddler about beer and wine and about how to open a beer bottle with your teeth, and we certainly don’t want to be throwing out pictures such as these for toddlers to see. Maybe there is a time and place for that under parental discretion and guidance—but not available on an app for children. 
I want to thank Google publicly for 
making a first step, but it is only that. It is a first step. Since this is an app by Google for small children, Google has a responsibility. If there is a privilege of doing an app like this, then there must be accountability, and Google has to accept that responsibility to be ac-countable. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. PERDUE. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. PERDUE. Madam President, I 
rise today to speak in favor of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act. I strongly urge my colleagues in this body to vote for the NDAA and send it to the President’s desk for signature. Let’s move to fund our military. 
The threats to our Nation have never 
been greater or more complex in my entire life. As a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, I am given daily briefs of what I believe is an emerging global security crisis. 
This administration just completed a 
nuclear deal with Iran that stokes the fears of our friends and allies in the re-gion and releases tens of billions of dol-lars in sanctions relief to a regime that is the world’s worst state sponsor of terrorism. We have had to bolster our support to allies in the region in an at-tempt to mitigate the impact of fur-ther Iranian spending to support Assad in Syria, the Houthi rebels in Yemen, Hezbollah, Hamas, and terrorism worldwide. We have seen the aston-ishing rise of ISIS as they have taken advantage of the power vacuum we left 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.011 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7190 October 7, 2015 
behind by prematurely withdrawing 
our troops from Iraq. I would hate to see history repeat itself in Afghani-stan, which is actually being discussed as we speak today. 
Meanwhile, traditional rivals are ag-
gressively posturing on two other fronts. China is antagonizing our allies in the Pacific Rim, and Russia is test-ing the resolve of our NATO alliance, blatantly grabbing sovereign territory in Ukraine, Crimea, and injecting troops and war materiel into Syria. 
At the same time we see an increase 
in symmetric and asymmetric threats, we are headed in a direction where we are about to have the smallest Army since World War II, the smallest Navy since World War I, and the smallest Air Force ever. 
Meanwhile, the Chinese alone are 
rapidly expanding their investment in their military and their forces in the Asian Pacific region and are set to dou-ble their defense budget by 2020. As a matter of fact, I was recently briefed at U.S. Pacific Command headquarters on the developments of U.S. forces in the Asia-Pacific in comparison directly to those of China. This is very alarming. In 1999, the U.S. military had a domi-nant and protective position in the Asia-Pacific and was totally capable of protecting our interests in the region. Today, however, China has reached military parity in the region. What is really troubling are the projections for 2020, however, in which China’s relative combat power and presence in the re-gion will be significantly more domi-nant than that of the United States. 
That is why we need to ensure that 
we continue funding our military at the appropriate level. We need to en-sure that our brave service men and women have the tools, training, and technology they need to meet the cur-rent threats we face on a daily basis but also to tackle what is coming in the future. 
This year’s NDAA reinforces the mis-
sion against ISIS and Operation Inher-ent Resolve. It provides assistance and sustainment to the military and na-tional security forces of Ukraine, in-cluding the authority for lethal aid to Ukraine for defensive purposes. This NDAA fills critical gaps in readiness, ensuring that our service men and women meet their training require-ments and have mission-capable equip-ment. 
The convergence of our fiscal debt 
crisis and our global security crisis is indeed a sobering reality, and they must be resolved simultaneously. In order to have a strong foreign policy, we have to have a strong military, and to have a strong military, we have to have a strong economy. We have to solve our debt crisis at the same time that we continue to dominate mili-tarily. 
As former Joint Chiefs of Staff Chair-
man Admiral Mullen once said, ‘‘The most significant threat to our national security is our [Federal] debt.’’ That fact still rings true today. Having recently visited our troops 
and military leaders in the Middle East and the Asia-Pacific regions, I can tell you that the very best of America is in uniform around the world in our mili-tary, putting their lives in jeopardy every day to protect our freedom here at home. Our military is made up of some of the finest, smartest, and brav-est people I have ever met. They are true American heroes committed to de-fending our freedom. They deserve our unwavering support. 
One of the 6 reasons—only 6 reasons— 
why 13 Colonies came together in the beginning of our country to form this Nation, as enshrined in our Constitu-tion, was to provide for the common defense. As George Washington said, ‘‘To be prepared for war is one of the most effective means of preserving peace.’’ Indeed, as we have learned over and over, maintaining a strong na-tional defense can actually deter ag-gression. We absolutely must maintain a military force so strong that no enemy in its right mind would chal-lenge us and those who dare have no hope in defeating us. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. REED. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Under the previous order, the time 
until 1:30 p.m. will be controlled by the Democratic manager or his designee 
and the time from 1:30 p.m. until 2 p.m. will be controlled by the chairman of the Committee on Armed Services or his designee. 
The Senator from Rhode Island. Mr. REED. Madam President, I rise 
once again to speak about the fiscal year’s national defense authorization conference report. Yesterday I spoke at length about the OCO funding issue, and that, to me, is the most critical issue in the bill and one that has caused me to reluctantly not support the conference report. But this time I will discuss the conference report in its entirety. 
Again, I would like to thank Chair-
man M
CCAIN, Chairman T HORNBERRY , 
and Ranking Member S MITH for a very 
thoughtful and cooperative process which allowed us to reach agreement on some very difficult issues. I also thank in particular the staff of the House and Senate Armed Services Committees, who worked tirelessly over several months to resolve dif-ferences on over 800 different provi-sions. 
As I stated yesterday, in many re-
spects this is a good conference report which supports our men and women in uniform and establishes many much needed reforms and, with the exception of the OCO position, would be some-thing that would have widespread sup-port. There are many provisions in the bill 
that are commendable. This conference report authorizes a 1.3-percent pay raise for servicemembers and reauthor-izes a number of expiring bonuses and special pay authorities to encourage enlistment, reenlistment, and contin-ued service by Active-Duty and Re-serve component military personnel. 
Significantly, it includes much need-
ed reform of the military retirement system and brings the military retire-ment system into the 21st century for a new generation of recruits. 
It also deals with the need to begin 
to bring into better control personnel costs at the Department of Defense be-cause, as we all recognize, there is a huge trendline of personnel costs that would outstrip at some point the train-ing and equipment that are necessary to the vitality and agility of the force. 
One example is the pilot program to 
test approaches to the commissary and exchange system to see if there are ways in which that can be handled more efficiently without preventing military personnel from enjoying that benefit they have earned. 
The report also includes a commit-
ment to seriously consider reforms to military health care in the coming year. All told, these personnel authori-ties and reforms will serve tomorrow’s servicemembers and their families, and they will save the Department of De-fense annually in its discretionary budget, allowing that funding to be re-applied to readiness and modernization or even to maintaining a larger force. 
The conference report includes 
roughly 60 provisions on acquisition re-form. I commend in particular Chair-man M
CCAINfor his efforts in this area. 
It is a long history and a proud history. He worked with Chairman L
EVIN. Pre-
viously he has worked with so many others. He has made this a personal area of not only concern but of notable action. The provisions will help streamline acquisition processes, allow DOD to access commercial and small businesses, and improve the acquisition workforce. They build on the success of the reforms led by the chairman in the Weapons System Acquisition Reform Act of 2009. 
The report also includes a number of 
provisions that will strengthen DOD’s ability to develop next-generation technologies and weapons systems and maintain our technological superiority on the battlefield. The report strength-ens the DOD laboratories and increases funding for university research pro-grams and STEM education. It also contains a number of provisions that will make it easier for the Pentagon to work with high-tech small businesses, bringing their innovative ideas into the defense industrial base. 
With respect to cyber security, this 
report includes multiple provisions, some of which I sponsored and all of which I support. These include a re-quirement for biannual whole-of-nation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.026 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7191 October 7, 2015 
exercises on responding to cyber at-
tacks on critical infrastructure, inde-pendent assessment of Cyber Com-mand’s ability to defend the Nation against cyber attack, comprehensive assessments of the cyber vulnerabili-ties of major weapons systems, and the provision of limited acquisition au-thorities to the commander of Cyber 
Command. 
The conference report also has over 
$400 million in additional readiness funding for the military services— across all branches: Active, Guard, and Reserve. It fully authorizes the pro-grams for modernizing our nuclear triad of sea, ground, and airborne plat-forms. There are also specific rec-ommendations on many procurement programs that will help the Depart-ment improve management and cope with shortfalls. All of these provisions will ensure that our military personnel have the equipment and training they need to succeed in their mission. 
For the various overseas challenges 
facing the United States, and they are considerable, this conference report provides key funding and authority for two major U.S.-led coalition oper-ations: the mission in Afghanistan and the counter-ISIS coalition in Iraq and Syria. It also includes additional fund-ing for initiatives to expand the U.S. military presence and exercises in Eastern Europe, reassuring allies and countering the threat of Russian hy-brid warfare tactics, and authorizes ad-ditional military assistance, including lethal assistance for Ukraine. I had the privilege of visiting Ukraine recently and being with the paratroopers of the 172nd Airborne Brigade who are train-ing Ukrainian forces. They are doing a commendable job and it represents a tangible commitment by the United States to support friends across the globe. 
The conference report also includes, 
very notably and very importantly, the Senate provisions codifying the current policy that interrogations of detainees in the custody of any U.S. Government agency or department must comply with the Army Field Manual on Inter-rogation. These provisions, sponsored by Senator M
CCAIN, Senator F EINSTEIN , 
and I, will ensure that detainee inter-rogations are conducted using noncoer-cive techniques that do not involve the threat or use of force, consistent with our values as a nation. I know how im-portant this was, particularly to Chair-man M
CCAINand Senator F EINSTEIN . It 
represents our best values and also from the testimony we have heard over many years, the most effective way to obtain information in circumstances as we have witnessed in the last few years. 
All of these provisions are commend-
able. They are the result of significant effort by Chairman M
CCAIN, Chairman 
THORNBERRY , Ranking Member S MITH, 
and the staff who worked tirelessly. However, there are provisions that do in fact cause some concern. Let me first talk about the issue of Guanta-namo Bay. The report continues the re-
strictions on the President’s authori-ties relating to the Guantanamo deten-tion facility. 
In previous Defense authorization 
bills, we had made progress in giving the President greater flexibility in streamlining the process of making transfers from Guantanamo to other locations, bringing us closer to the goal of closing Guantanamo. The Guan-tanamo provisions in this year’s con-ference report, however, are in a sense a step backward. They continue to maintain the prohibitions on the trans-fer of Guantanamo detainees to the United States and on the construction or modification of a facility in the United States to hold such detainees. 
This deprives the President of a key 
tool for fighting terrorism, the ability to prosecute Guantanamo detainees in Federal court. To make matters more complicated, the conference report pro-poses additional hurdles on the trans-fer of Guantanamo detainees overseas, requiring the Secretary of Defense to complete a checklist of certifications for overseas transfers and prohibiting such transfers to certain specified countries altogether. 
Further, the conference report does 
not include a provision from the Sen-ate bill that authorized the temporary transfer of Guantanamo detainees to the United States for medical reasons in the event of life-threatening emer-gencies. As the Guantanamo detainees get older, there is an increasing risk of a detainee suffering serious harm or death because the military is legally prohibited from bringing that person to the United States to receive necessary medical care. 
Both President Bush and President 
Obama have called for closing Guanta-namo Bay. Our military leaders have repeatedly said that Guantanamo harms our national security and serves as a propaganda and recruiting tool for terrorists. This is an issue we have been wrestling with for over a decade, and I regret that we are no closer to re-solving it with this conference report. 
This conference report also does not 
contain many of the cost-saving pro-posals that the Department of Defense requested. For example, the retirement of many aging aircraft and ships is pro-hibited and a BRAC round was not ever considered. Without such authorities, we in Congress are making it even more difficult for the Department of Defense to acquire and maintain the things they need because we are forc-ing them to keep what they consider no longer cost- or mission-effective. 
Finally, as I have said it many times 
consistently throughout this process, the one item that I find is most objec-tionable, and indeed reluctantly forced me to argue against the conference re-port, is the fact that it shifts $38 bil-lion requested by the President in the base military budget, in the routine base budget—it shifts it to the Over-seas Contingency Operations account or OCO. Essentially, it skirts the BCA. This 
transfer from base to OCO raises sev-eral concerns. First, it violates the consensus that was agreed to when we passed the BCA that both defense dis-cretionary spending and domestic dis-cretionary spending would be treated equally. Now, we find a way to avoid that consensus. In fact, that was one of the premises many of us found persua-sive enough to support the BCA, but the concerns that are raised are many. 
First, adding funds to OCO does not 
solve—it actually complicates—the De-partment of Defense’s budgetary prob-lems. Defense budgeting needs to be based on our long-term military strat-egy, which requires DOD to focus at least 5 years into the future. A 1-year plus-up to OCO does not provide DOD with the certainty and stability it needs when building its 5-year budget. This instability undermines the morale of our troops and their families who want to know their futures are planned for more than 1 year at a time and the confidence of our defense industry partners that we rely on to provide the best technology available to our troops. 
Second, the transfer does not provide 
additional funds for many of the do-mestic agencies which are also critical to our national security. We cannot de-fend our homeland without the FBI. In fact, we just heard reports today of FBI activities disrupting a potential smug-gling of nuclear material in Eastern European, headed—the suggestion is— toward ISIL or other radical elements. We need the FBI. Yet they remain sub-ject to the Budget Control Act. 
We need to fund the Justice Depart-
ment, other aspects of their activities, the TSA, Customs and Border Protec-tion, and the Coast Guard. These later agencies are funded through the De-partment of Homeland Security. With-out adequate support for the State De-partment, the danger to our troops in-creases. In addition, failing to provide BCA cap relief to non-DOD depart-ments and agencies would also short-change veterans who receive employ-ment services, transition assistance, and housing and homeless support. 
Third, moving funding from the base 
budget to OCO has no impact on reduc-ing the deficit. OCO and emergency funding are outside the budget caps for a reason; they are for the costs of ongo-ing military operations or to respond to unforeseen events, such as the flood-ing we are witnessing in South Caro-lina. To transfer funds for known day- to-day operations into war and emer-gency funding accounts to skirt the law is not fiscally responsible or honest accounting. 
The OCO was designed for the contin-
gencies that were non-routine and would not be recurring. In fact, we have seen OCO funds go up dramati-cally as our commitments both in Af-ghanistan and Iraq went up and then go down as you would expect. Suddenly that curve is beginning to shift up and go up, not because of the increased 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.027 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7192 October 7, 2015 
number of military personnel de-
ployed—in fact, there are fewer mili-tary personnel deployed in these areas today—but because we have found a way—at least we think we have found a way—to move around the BCA for de-fense and defense alone. 
Many have argued: Well, that might 
be true, but this is not the place to talk about this issue. I disagree. This is not a debate about which appropria-tions account we put the money in; it is a fundamental debate about how we intend to fund the workings of the gov-ernment today and in the future, all parts of the government, because if we can use this technique for defense, it, frankly and honestly, relieves the pres-sure to take the constraints off other agencies. It sets the whole table, if you will, for our budget for every Federal agency. 
So this is not a narrow issue of ap-
propriations, whether it is the com-mittee on housing and urban develop-ment or the committee on interior and environment; this is a fundamental issue. The BCA is a statute, not an ap-propriations bill, per se. It came to us as an independent statute. We have a responsibility to respond to the chal-lenge it poses to the defense budget and to every other budget. 
This is just not a 1-year fix. If this 
were a bridge that we knew would take us from this year to next year, well, we might do these things in a different way. Unfortunately I think this con-ference report is going to be replicated in the future, because if we rely on this approach this year, there is huge pres-sure next year to do the same thing, unless we can resolve the underlying problems of the Budget Control Act. 
I believe it is essential for us to do 
this for the best interests of our coun-try, for the best interests of our mili-tary personnel. I don’t think by stand-ing up and casting a vote in this light we are disrespecting or not recognizing the men and women who wear the uni-form of the United States. In fact, it has not been uncommon over the years that because of issues, this bill has been objected to by both sides. 
Indeed, since 2005 my colleagues on 
the Republican side have cast votes against cloture on the NDAA 10 times and successfully blocked cloture 4 times over such issues as Senate rules and procedures, the repeal of don’t ask, don’t tell, and in one case gasoline prices. So to argue today that the only reason we should vote for this bill is because it is procedurally not appro-priate to discuss this, well, was it pro-cedurally appropriate to use the De-fense bill to essentially register an-guish about gasoline prices? 
This goes to the heart not just of this 
bill but every bill. Therefore, I don’t think it is something we have to shy away from. In fact, I think we have to take it on. If we cannot fix this Budget Control Act straightjacket we are in, it will harm our national security. If we don’t have the FBI agents out there trying to disrupt smuggling of uranium and other fissile materials, that hurts 
us. It hurts our national security. If we don’t have the Department of Energy laboratories that are capable of doing research, helping us and working with foreign governments about detection of radioactive material, that hurts our national security. This is about na-tional security, and I think we have to consider it in that light. 
So we are here today, and we are 
dealing with an issue of the authoriza-tion act in the context of the con-tinuing resolution because we have not resolved the Budget Control Act. These are all roads coming together: the con-ference report, the continuing resolu-tion, all of them in the context of try-ing to respond to the Budget Control Act. I think we should step up and deal with the Budget Control Act. 
We have had many months to try to 
find the answer. We haven’t. When we considered this legislation previously in the Senate, it was summer time, and it appeared that there might be a com-ing together on a bipartisan basis and a thoughtful basis, trying to provide the relief so we wouldn’t have to rely on OCO when the conference report ar-rived, but we are here today and OCO is still staring us right in the face. 
I think we have to ensure that we 
stand and say that is not the way we want to go forward for the defense of our country in the broadest context and for the support of our military per-sonnel. 
There is one other issue I do wish to 
raise, too, because it has been brought up; that is, the suggestion that if this bill does not pass today, then our mili-tary will not receive their pay raises and bonuses. The provisions in this bill go into effect January 1, 2016. We still have time. I would hope we would use that time not only to make some changes—technical here and there—but also to deal with the central issue which I hope we all agree is driving ev-erything; that is, fixing the Budget Control Act in a way that we can pro-vide across-the-board support for our Federal agencies, particularly our na-tional security agencies which go be-yond simply the Department of De-fense. 
I think the time is now. This is a mo-
ment to deal with the issue, not defer it and hope something happens in the future. We have to resolve the Budget Control Act. 
I urge, for that reason as much as 
anything, that my colleagues would vote against this conference report as an important step in the process and a necessary step, in my view, in the proc-ess of resolving the great budget crisis we face in terms of the Budget Control Act. 
In fact, one of my concerns is that if 
we do in fact pass this conference re-port and it subsequently becomes law or just the simple fact that we pass it, it gives some people the excuse of say-ing: Well, we have fixed the only prob-lem that we think is of some signifi-cant concern, the Department of De-fense, so we don’t have to do anything 
else. 
Again, we have to fund the FBI, we 
have to fund Homeland Security, and we have to fund a vigorous State De-partment. All of those agencies, if we do nothing on BCA, will see sequestra-tion arise, diminish their capacity, and in some way diminish our national se-curity. 
With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
ILLIS ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, today, in 
about half an hour, the Senate will vote on the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, and I hope that an overwhelming majority of my colleagues will understand the im-
portance of this legislation in these very turbulent and difficult times. 
The Constitution gives the Congress 
the power and the responsibility to provide for the common defense, raise and support armies, provide and main-tain a navy, and make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces. For 53 years, Con-gress has fulfilled its most important constitutional duties by passing the National Defense Authorization Act. 
It is precisely because of this legisla-
tion’s critical importance to our na-tional security that it is still one of the few bills in Congress that enjoys bi-partisan support year after year. 
Indeed, this year’s NDAA has been 
supported by Senators on both sides of the aisle. The Senate Committee on Armed Services overwhelmingly ap-proved the NDAA in a 22-to-4 vote back in May. The full Senate followed by passing the NDAA in a partisan vote of 71 to 25. 
In recent weeks, some of my Demo-
cratic colleagues and the President have threatened to block this legisla-tion because of disagreements about broader spending issues that are to-tally unrelated to defense and totally unrelated to authorizing. Everything to do with their problems has to do with appropriations spending, not au-thorization. 
The President made it clear that he 
will ‘‘not fix defense without fixing nondefense spending.’’ In this day of multiple crises around the world—as these crises and wars and conflicts and refugees unfold—the President’s pri-ority seems to be the funding mecha-nism, which has nothing to do with the defense authorization. 
Henry Kissinger, as well as many of 
our most respected national security leaders, has called it the most diverse and complex array of crises around the world since the end of World War II, and there are more refugees in the world than at any time since World War II. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.028 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7193 October 7, 2015 
The President is threatening to veto 
this legislation, which contains vital authorities—not just authorities but the ability of our men and women who are serving in uniform to defend this Nation—so he can prove a political point. The President is threatening to veto this bill to defend the Nation in order to prove a political point. 
As I mentioned, the threats we con-
front today are far more serious than they were a year ago and significantly 
more so than when the Congress passed the Budget Control Act in 2011. That legislation arbitrarily capped defense spending and established the mindless mechanism of sequestration. As a re-sult, with worldwide threats rising, we as a nation are on a course to cut near-ly $1 trillion of defense spending over 10 years with no strategic or military rationale whatsoever for doing so. 
Every single military and national 
security leader who has testified before the Committee on Armed Services this year has denounced sequestration and urged its repeal as soon as possible. In-deed, each of our military service chiefs testified that continued defense spending at sequestration levels would put American lives at risk—I repeat: would put American lives at risk. 
Unfortunately, the Defense bill does 
not end sequestration. Believe me, if the Defense bill were capable of that, I would have done all in my power to make it happen. But the simple reality is that this legislation cannot end se-questration and it cannot fix the Budg-et Control Act. 
This legislation does not spend a dol-
lar. It is not an appropriations bill; it is a policy bill. It provides the Depart-ment of Defense and our men and women in uniform with the authorities and support they need to defend the Nation. 
This legislation fully supports Presi-
dents Obama’s request of $612 billion for national defense. Let me repeat that. The legislation gives the Presi-dent every dollar of budget authority he requested. Yet the President and my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are threatening to oppose this bill be-cause it authorizes—not spends—$38 billion in funding for readiness and training of our troops in the overseas contingency operations, known as the OCO account. 
Democrats believe that by placing 
these funds in the OCO account, the legislation would minimize the harm sequestration would do to our military but fail to do the same for domestic spending programs. This complaint fails to understand a basic fact: The only legislation that can stop seques-tration, whether for defense or non-defense, is an appropriations bill. In fact, Republicans and Democrats are engaged right now in negotiations to find a bipartisan budget deal that would provide sequestration relief. I hope they succeed. But the idea that the precise location in the NDAA of certain funds for our troops will have any impact on the substance or out-come of these negotiations is ludicrous. The choice we faced was between 
OCO money and no money. When I have asked senior military leaders before the Armed Services Committee which of those options they would choose, they have said they would take the OCO. So do I. 
With global threats rising, it simply 
makes no sense to oppose a defense pol-icy bill—legislation that spends no money but is full of vital authorities that our troops need and need badly— 
for a reason that has nothing to do with national defense spending, and it certainly makes no sense when the ne-gotiations that matter to fixing se-questration are happening right now. That is where the President and Senate Democrats should be focusing their en-ergy, not on blocking the Defense bill and denying our men and women in uniform the authorities and support they need to defend the Nation. Unfor-tunately, that has not been the case. In fact, the White House has doubled down and vowed that the President will veto this legislation. 
So let’s be clear. The President isn’t 
threatening to veto because of the ex-istence of an overseas contingency ac-count, which the Pentagon has been using for years—for years—to fund ev-erything from readiness and training for our troops to Israeli missile de-fense, all without a word of protest from my colleagues on the other side of the aisle or a veto threat from the President. This veto threat is about one thing and one thing only, and that is one word: politics. 
The President wants to take a stand 
for greater domestic spending, and he wants to use the vital authorities and support the men and women in uniform need to defend the Nation as leverage. At a time of increasing threats to our Nation, this is foolish, misguided, cyn-ical, and dangerous. Vetoing this legis-lation will not solve the spending de-bate happening right now in Wash-ington. That is something which can only be done through the appropria-tions process—not a defense authoriza-tion bill, not a defense policy bill. Vetoing the NDAA will not solve se-questration. Vetoing the NDAA will not solve the Budget Control Act. Rather than fixing the Budget Control Act, vetoing the NDAA would repeat its original sin by continuing the dis-turbing trend of holding our military men and women hostage to the whims of our dysfunctional politics. 
So let’s be absolutely clear on what a 
vote against or a veto of this legisla-tion really means. This is what it real-ly means, my friends. If you say no, you will be saying no to urgent steps to address critical shortfalls in fighter aircraft across our military. You will block 12 F–18 Super Hornets for the Navy and 6 F–35Bs for the Marine Corps. 
If you say no, you will be saying no 
to $1 billion in accelerated Navy ship-building, including an additional Arleigh Burke-class destroyer. 
If you say no, you will be saying no 
to upgrades to Army combat vehicles deploying to Europe to deter Russian 
aggression against our allies. 
If you say no to this legislation, you 
will be saying no to $200 million to strengthen our cyber defenses as China, Russia, Iran, and North Korea attack our government and our companies re-lentlessly and with impunity. 
If you say no to the NDAA, you will 
be saying no to significant steps to im-prove the quality of life of the men and women serving in the All-Volunteer Force and the needs of our wounded, ill, and injured servicemembers. 
If you say no to the NDAA, you will 
be saying no to over 30 special pays and bonuses that are vital to recruiting and retaining military doctors, nurses, nu-clear engineers, and language experts. 
If you say no to the NDAA, you will 
be saying no to greater access to ur-gent care facilities for military fami-lies and steps taken in the bill to make military health care plans more port-able. 
If you say no to the NDAA, you will 
be saying no to making it easier for our veterans to get the medicines they need. You will be saying no to the pro-vision in this legislation that would en-sure that servicemembers are able to get the same medicines for pain and other conditions when they transition from the Department of Defense to the Veterans’ Administration. 
If you say no to the NDAA, you will 
be saying no to new steps to improve sexual assault prevention and response. You will be saying no to additional tools to enhance support of victims of sexual assault, including needed pro-tections to end retaliation against those who report sex-related offenses or who intervene to support victims. You will be saying no to provisions that strengthen and protect the au-thority and independence of the special victims’ counsel for sexual abuse. 
If you say no to the NDAA, you will 
be saying no to some of the most sig-nificant reforms to the Department of Defense in a generation. You will be saying no to the modernization of an outdated, 70-year-old military retire-ment system—a system that excludes 83 percent of all those who serve in the military from receiving any retirement assets whatsoever, including veterans of the war in Iraq and Afghanistan, some of whom have served two, three, four tours of duty but left the military with nothing because they retired be-fore reaching 20 years of service. 
If you say no to the NDAA, you will 
be saying no to a modern military re-tirement system that would extend better, more flexible retirement bene-fits to more than 80 percent of service-members; a system that would give servicemembers the choice to use a portion of their retirement benefits when they leave the military to help them transition to a new career, start a business, buy a home, or send their kids to college; a new system that not 
only improves life for our servicemem-bers and future retirees but does so while also saving the taxpayers $12 bil-lion once it is fully implemented. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.034 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7194 October 7, 2015 
If you say no to the NDAA, you will 
also be saying no to the most sweeping reforms to our defense acquisition sys-tem in 30 years. You will be saying no to reforms that are essential to pre-serving our military technological su-periority as our adversaries develop and field more advanced weapons. You will be saying no to reforms that would hold Pentagon leaders more account-able for the decisions they make. You will be saying no to reforms that would improve the relationship between the Pentagon and our Nation’s innovators, helping to ensure that our military can gain access to the most cutting-edge technologies. 
If you say no to the NDAA, you will 
be saying no to significant reforms to defense management. A ‘‘no’’ vote is a vote to stand in the way of important steps to reduce the amount of money the Department of Defense spends on bureaucracy and overhead, even as it cuts Army soldiers, Air Force fighter aircraft, and Navy ships. A ‘‘no’’ vote is also a vote to continue a backwards personnel system that judges our Pen-tagon’s civilians not based on their tal-ent but their time served. 
If you say no to the NDAA, you will 
squander a historic opportunity to ban torture once and for all, to achieve a reform that many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle—especially the Senator from California, Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN —have sought for a decade or 
more: making the Army Field Manual the uniform interrogation standard for the entire U.S. Government. Voting no will squander an opportunity to stand up for the values that Americans have embraced for generations, while still enabling our interrogators to extract critical intelligence from our enemies. By vetoing legislation that bans tor-ture forever, the President would be vetoing his own legacy. Worst of all, if you say no to the NDAA, you are say-ing no to vital authorities in support that our Armed Forces need to defend our Nation as we confront the most di-verse and complex array of crises in over 70 years. 
As we speak, there are nearly 10,000 
American troops in Afghanistan help-ing a new Afghan Government to se-cure the country and defeat our com-mon terrorist enemies. But since Presi-dent Obama hailed the end of combat operations in Afghanistan last year, ISIL has arrived on the battlefield and Taliban fighters have launched a major offensive to take territory across the country. 
So what message would it send if the 
President and some of my colleagues say no to $3.8 billion for the Afghan Se-curity Forces to fight back against ter-rorists that wish to destroy the progress achieved at so costly a sac-rifice? 
In the Asia-Pacific region, China’s 
military buildup continues with a focus on countering and thwarting U.S. power projection. At the same time, China is asserting vast territorial claims in the East and South China Seas. Most recently, China has re-
claimed nearly 3,000 acres of land in the South China Sea and is rapidly militarizing these features, building at least three airstrips to support mili-tary aircraft. With the addition of sur-face-to-air missiles and radars, these new land features could enable China to declare and enforce an air defense 
identification zone in the South China Sea and to hold that vital region at greater risk. Our allies and partners throughout the region are alarmed by China’s behavior and are looking to the United States for leadership. 
So what message would it send if the 
President and some of my colleagues say no to $50 million to assist and train our allies in the region to increase maritime security in the maritime do-main awareness in the South China Sea? 
Last year, Vladimir Putin’s invasion 
of Ukraine and annexation of Crimea forced us to recognize that we are con-fronting a challenge that many had as-sumed was resigned to the history books—a strong, militarily-capable Russia that is hostile to our interests and our values and seeks to challenge the international order that American leaders of both parties have sought to maintain since the end of World War II. Russia continues to destabilize Ukraine and menace our NATO allies in Europe with aggressive military be-havior. And now, in a profound echo of the Cold War, Mr. Putin has deployed troops and tanks and combat aircraft to Syria, and they are conducting oper-ations as we speak to shore up the Assad regime—the Assad regime— which has slaughtered 240,000 of its citizens and driven millions into ref-ugee status. And who are Mr. Putin’s forces bombing most of all? ISIL? No. Moderate opposition groups backed, trained, and equipped by the United States of America. 
So what message would it send if the 
President and some of my colleagues say no to $300 million in security as-sistance for Ukraine to defend its sov-ereign territory, say no to $400 million in lethality upgrades to U.S. Army combat vehicles deploying to Europe to deter Russian aggression, and say no to $800 million for the President’s own Eu-ropean Reassurance Initiative, which seeks to reassure allies of America’s commitment to their security and the integrity of the NATO Alliance? 
In the Middle East, a terrorist army 
with tens of thousands of fighters has taken over a vast swath of territory and declared an Islamic State in the heart of one of the most strategically important parts of the world. Yet more than a year after the President de-clared that we would degrade and de-stroy ISIL, it appears that nothing we are currently doing is proving suffi-cient to achieve that strategic objec-tive. The United States and our part-ners do not have the initiative. ISIL does, and it is capitalizing on our inad-equate policy to maintain and enhance our initiative, as they have for the past 4 years. Indeed, the situation on the 
ground is now taking yet another dra-matic turn for the worse, as several re-cent events have made clear. 
So what message would it send if the 
President and some of my colleagues say no to $1.1 billion of security assist-ance and cooperation for our allies in the region to help us fight ISIL? What message would it send to our ally Israel to say no to hundreds of millions of dollars of vital support for our com-mon efforts in missile defense and countering terrorist tunnels? These ca-pabilities are more important than ever for Israel and the United States in the wake of the President’s nuclear agreement with Iran, and this legisla-tion fully authorizes those programs. Saying no to the NDAA means saying no to this vital security cooperation with Israel. 
For 4 years, Bashar al-Assad has 
waged war on the Syrian people. The United States has stood idly by as well over 230,000 have been killed, 1 million injured, 8 million displaced, and 4 mil-lion forced to seek refuge abroad. The Syrian conflict has now created the largest refugee crisis in Europe since 
World War II. Now Russia has stepped in to prop up the murderous regime and kill more Syrians. With Syria de-scending deeper into chaos, and the world more unstable than ever, what message would it send if the Com-mander in Chief and some of my col-leagues see this as a good time to say no to the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act? 
This is the same conclusion that 
some of the major military service or-ganizations have also reached, and they have written open letters to the President urging him not to veto the NDAA. Their message should be heeded by all of my colleagues as we prepare to cast our votes. The Military Officers Association of America wrote: 
[T]he fact is that we are still a nation at 
war, and this legislation is vital to fulfilling wartime requirements. With multiple con-tentious issues remaining for Congress to tackle this year, and very little legislative time to complete those crucial actions, this is not the time to add the already extremely daunting burden of legislative challenges by vetoing the defense authorization bill. 
The Reserve Officers Association 
wrote: 
[The NDAA] contains crucial provisions for 
the military, nation’s security, and the wel-fare of those who serve. [The Reserve Offi-cers Association] has a membership of 50,000 former and currently serving officers and noncommissioned officers [and] represents all the uniformed services of the United States who would be favorably affected by your signing this bill into law. 
I also want to read from a recent 
Washington Post editorial: 
American Presidents rarely veto national 
defense authorization bills, since they are, well, vital to national security. . . . Refusing to sign this bill would make history, but not in a good way. Mr. Obama should let it be-come law and seek other sources of leverage in pursuing his legitimate goals for domestic sequestration relief. 
Time and again, President Obama 
has failed to do the right thing when it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.035 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7195 October 7, 2015 
could matter most—in Afghanistan, in 
the Pacific, in Ukraine, in Iraq, and in Syria. Vetoing the NDAA would be yet another of these failures, and it would be reminiscent of a bygone day, when the fecklessness of those days were so accurately described by Winston Churchill. On the floor of the House of Commons, he said: 
When the situation was manageable it was 
neglected, and now that it is thoroughly out of hand we apply too late the remedies which then might have effected a cure. There is nothing new in the story. It is as old as the sibylline books. It falls into that long, dis-mal catalogue of the fruitlessness of experi-ence and the confirmed unteachability of mankind. Want of foresight, unwillingness to act when action would be simple and effec-tive, lack of clear thinking, confusion of counsel until the emergency comes, until self-preservation strikes its jarring gong— these are the features which constitute the endless repetition of history. 
My colleagues, for 53 years Congress 
has passed a National Defense Author-ization Act, and at perhaps no time in the past half century has this legisla-tion been more important. Everywhere we look around the world there are re-minders of exactly why we need this National Defense Authorization Act. I understand the deeply held beliefs of many of my colleagues about the spending issues that have divided the Congress for the last 4 years. But this is not a spending bill. It is a policy bill. It is a reform bill. It is a bill that ac-complishes what the Constitution de-mands of us and what the American people expect of us. It is a bill that gives our men and women in uniform, many of whom are still in harm’s way around the world today, the vital au-thorities and support they need to de-fend our Nation. And it is a bill that deserves the support of the Senate. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, the bill be-
fore us is not fiscally responsible. Our troops deserve real funding, not budget gimmickry. This bill does not do the job. My Republican friends like to talk about the deficit and the debt and the need to get our fiscal house in order, but their actions speak louder than their words. Now they are supporting legislation that increases deficit spend-ing and increases the burden on our children and grandchildren. As a re-sult, this bill violates the budget law. 
Mr. President, I raise a point of order 
that the pending measure violates sec-tion 3101 of S. Con. Res. 11, the concur-rent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, pursuant 
to section 904 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and the waiver pro-
visions of applicable budget resolu-tions, I move to waive all applicable sections of that act and applicable budget resolutions for purposes of the conference report to accompany H.R. 1735, and I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, all postcloture time has expired. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
motion to waive. 
The yeas and nays have been ordered. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the 
Senator from Kansas (Mr. R OBERTS ), 
and the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 71, 
nays 26, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 276 Leg.] 
YEAS—71 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Burr Cantwell Capito Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Feinstein 
Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Lee McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Moran Murkowski 
Murphy Murray Perdue Peters 
Portman Risch Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Wicker 
NAYS—26 
Baldwin 
Booker Boxer Brown Cardin Carper Coons Durbin Franken Gillibrand 
Hirono Leahy Manchin Markey Merkley Mikulski Nelson Paul Reed 
Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Graham Roberts Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 71, the nays are 26. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to and the point of order falls. 
The question occurs on adoption of 
the conference report to accompany H.R. 1735. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask for 
the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the 
Senator from Kansas (Mr. R OBERTS ), 
and the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
TOOMEY ). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 70, 
nays 27, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 277 Leg.] 
YEAS—70 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Burr Cantwell Capito Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer 
Flake Gardner Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Lee McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Moran Murkowski Murphy 
Murray Perdue Peters Portman Risch Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Wicker 
NAYS—27 
Baldwin 
Booker Boxer Brown Cardin Carper Coons Cruz Durbin Franken 
Gillibrand Hirono Leahy Manchin Markey Merkley Mikulski Nelson Paul 
Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Graham Roberts Rubio 
The conference report was agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-
MENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016—MO-TION TO PROCEED 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to proceed to Calendar No. 96, H.R. 2028. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 96, H.R. 
2028, a bill making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
The Senator from Utah. 
TRANS -PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise to 
talk about the recent developments in U.S. trade policy and their implica-tions for the future. Over this past weekend, officials from the Obama ad-ministration, along with 11 other coun-tries, reached what they believed will be the final agreement on the terms of the Trans-Pacific Partnership or TPP. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.037 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7196 October 7, 2015 
If enacted, the TPP would be the larg-
est trade agreement in history, encom-passing approximately and roughly 40 percent of the world economy and set-ting standards for one of the most dy-namic parts of the world, the Asia-Pa-cific. 
I will repeat what I have said many 
times before. I believe a strong TPP agreement is essential for advancing our Nation’s economic and strategic in-terests in the Asia-Pacific region. How-ever, while I have often touted the po-tential benefits of the TPP, I have also been very clear that I will not support just any TPP agreement. The United States has only one chance to nego-tiate, consider, and implement the TPP. We have to get it right. Under our system of government, both the ex-ecutive and legislative branches play essential roles in developing and imple-menting our trade policy. 
While the administration has the 
power to reach agreements with other countries, no such agreement can go into force without Congress’s approval. Congress is not just a rubberstamp in this process. We have an obligation to evaluate every trade agreement and de-termine if it advances our Nation’s in-terests and serves the needs of our con-stituents. Toward that end, as I con-tinue to review the deal that was struck in Atlanta, three important considerations will determine whether I can support this agreement. 
First, the deal must be balanced to 
meet the U.S. negotiating objectives established under our trade promotion authority or TPA statute which Con-gress passed earlier this year with strong bipartisan majorities in both the House and the Senate. Second, I must have confidence that our trading partners will actually live up to the commitments they have made under the agreement by implementing the terms and obligations included in the deal. Third, the agreement must be subjected to a thorough and rigorous congressional review, including in-depth consultation with the adminis-tration. 
Before I talk about these factors in 
more detail, I want to acknowledge the many years of hard work officials in the administration, particularly those at the office of the U.S. Trade Rep-resentative, have put in to get the agreement this far. I particularly want to acknowledge the hard work of the lead negotiators at USTR who have sacrificed for years to bring this agree-ment to conclusion. I also want to ac-knowledge that over time they made a great deal of progress on a variety of fronts, but now that the administra-tion says it has reached an agreement, it is time for Congress to intensify its review of TPP. 
The primary standards by which I— 
and I would hope all of my colleagues— will judge this trade agreement are set forth clearly in our TPA statute. As one of the original authors of the cur-rent TPA law, I worked hard to ensure that it did not just represent my prior-ities for trade agreements but those of 
a bipartisan majority in both the House and the Senate. 
The congressional negotiating objec-
tives that we included in the statute spell out in detail what must be in-cluded in a trade agreement in order for it to get Congress’s approval. The negotiating objectives we included in our TPA law are not just pro forma, they are not suggestions or mere state-ments of Members’ preferences. They represent the view of the bipartisan majority in Congress as to the rights and obligations a trade agreement must contain when it is finalized and submitted for our consideration. 
I have to say no one in Congress 
worked harder and longer than I did to get that TPA bill across the finish line. I was joined by many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle who put in significant time and effort as we draft-ed the bill, got it through the com-mittee, and passed it on the floor. In fact, if you will recall, in the Senate we ended up having to pass it twice. 
Since the day we passed the bill, I, as 
well as many of my colleagues in both the House and Senate, have been urg-ing officials and the administration to do all they can to conclude a TPP agreement that a majority in Congress can support. Unfortunately, when we look at some of the outcomes of the final round of negotiations, it is not clear if the administration achieved that goal. 
For example, it is not immediately 
apparent whether the agreement con-tains administrable and enforceable provisions to protect intellectual prop-erty rights similar to those found in U.S. law. As you will recall, this was a key negotiating objective that we in-cluded in our TPA law and a necessary component if we want our trade agree-ments to advance our Nation’s inter-ests in the 21st century economy. 
I have serious concerns as to whether 
the administration did enough to ac-complish this objective. This is par-ticularly true with the provisions that govern data exclusivity for biologics. As you know, biologics are formulas that are on the cutting edge of medi-cine and have transformed major ele-ments of the health care landscape, thanks in large part to the effort and investment of American companies. I might add, it is one of the principal in-dustries where we might not only be able to find treatments but also cures. It is one of the three or four things that I think can bring down health care costs immeasurably. 
I am not one to argue that parties to 
a negotiation should refuse to com-promise. In fact, I have come to the floor many times over the years and es-poused, sometimes at great lengths, the merits of being able to find a com-promise. But—and this is an important point—a good compromise usually re-sults in something of greater overall value for all the parties involved, and, at least according to the information now available, it is unclear whether this administration achieved that kind 
of an outcome for American innovators. 
Aside from biologics, there are other 
elements that, according to initial re-ports, may have fallen short of Congress’s negotiating standards. For example, there are issues with some of the market-access provisions on agri-
culture, the inclusion of product—and sector-specific carveouts from some of the obligations, as well as some poten-tial of overreaching on labor commit-ments. While we can’t make final de-terminations on any of these issues without seeing the final text of the agreement, initial indications are that these items could be problematic when the agreement is submitted to Con-gress for approval. 
In the end, Congress will need to take 
a good look at the entire agreement and judge whether the agreement satis-fies the standards we have put forward in our TPA law. 
Beyond the negotiating objectives, 
we need to have confidence that key elements of a TPP agreement will be implemented and respected by our trading partners. There are a number of important elements to consider when we talk about enforcement and implementation but, for now, I will speak once again about the intellectual property rights. 
For too long—indeed, for decades 
now—American innovators and inves-tors haven’t been able to take full ad-vantage of our trade agreements be-cause, quite simply, many of our trad-ing partners either refuse to enforce in-tellectual property obligations or fail to implement them all together. All too often, this administration has looked the other way as other coun-tries steal U.S. innovation and intellec-tual property. 
If countries want to trade with the 
United States, we should demand that they respect and enforce the intellec-tual property rights of American busi-nesses and individuals. That means in-cluding strong provisions protecting intellectual property in our trade agreements and a requirement that in-tellectual property rights commit-ments be implemented before allowing the agreement to enter into force for our trading partners. 
Unfortunately, implementation of 
these types of commitments is one area where this administration has come up short in the past. Before Congress can approve an agreement as vast as the TPP, we need to be sure this has changed. We need to have detailed as-surances that our trading partners will live up to all of their commitments and a clear roadmap as to how the adminis-tration intends to hold them account-able. 
Finally, I expect that pursuant to 
both the letter and the spirit of TPA, the administration will communicate and work closely with Congress over the coming weeks and months. In the short term, that means deep and mean-ingful consultations before the Presi-dent signs the agreement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.042 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7197 October 7, 2015 
Under our TPA law, the President 
must inform Congress of his intent to sign an agreement at least 90 days be-fore doing so. This period is an essen-tial part of congressional consideration of the deal. Congress reserved this time in the statute to ensure that we would have ample opportunity to review the content of a trade agreement before it is signed by the President. 
In order for that review to take 
place, Congress must have access to the full text of the agreement, includ-ing annexes and any side agreements, before the President provides his 90-day notice. This is a vital element of TPA. The law was designed specifically to give Congress all the necessary tools to conduct an exhaustive evaluation of any and all trade agreements and to ensure that the administration is fully accountable both to Congress and to the public. 
There are a number of provisions and 
timelines in the law that help us achieve these goals. I will not list them all on the floor today. Instead, I will just say that I expect the full coopera-tion of the administration in meeting all of these mandates. 
The American people demand no less. 
There are no shortcuts. Let’s be clear. Our Nation could clearly benefit from a strong TPP agreement, and I hope that in the end that is what we get—and these other nations can too. In the end, I hope this agreement meets all of these challenges that we have thrown out. 
Unfortunately, I have real reserva-
tions as to whether the agreement reached over the past weekend meets the high standards set by Congress. I will not make a definitive statement on the overall merits of the agreement until I have a chance to review it in its entirety. For now, I will just say that I am worried. I am worried that we didn’t get as good a deal as we could have. I am worried that the adminis-tration didn’t achieve a balanced out-come covering the congressional nego-tiating objectives set out in TPA. And, ultimately, I am worried there won’t be enough support in Congress for this agreement and that our country will end up missing out on important op-portunities. 
I hope I am wrong. I will continually 
scrutinize this agreement as details emerge. Before I can support the TPP deal struck in Atlanta, I must be con-vinced that the TPP is a balanced agreement that complies with the TPA law and that it has clear, implementable rules that our trading partners will follow. 
The TPP is a once-in-a-lifetime op-
portunity to define high-standard rules for the Asia-Pacific and to gain real ac-cess to overseas markets that our busi-nesses and our workers need. I intend to do all I can to ensure that the agree-ment meets these goals. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I am 
pleased to come to the floor today to express my support for the final con-ference report on the National Defense Authorization Act, what we need to do as a Congress to authorize the work 
that can be done to defend the country. I urge the President to sign this bill. 
For 54 straight years the Senate has 
done its job in authorizing the things that need to be done to defend the country. We have passed the bill. This fulfills part of that responsibility to defend the country. It is the first re-sponsibility of the Federal Government to defend the country. This is some-thing that can’t be better done some-where else. It is something that has to be done by us, and two things have to happen for that to be done. We have to authorize the spending in the way this bill does and then we have to appro-priate the money once that spending has been authorized. 
The majority voted several weeks 
ago to debate the appropriating bill, but we couldn’t get even six Democrats to join us to debate that bill. Well, now this bill has passed. So maybe the next move is to pass the bill that funds what has just been authorized. It has passed the House, it has passed the Senate, and the Commander in Chief of the United States is saying he would veto the National Defense Authorization Act? 
The President apparently believes 
the defense of the country is a legiti-mate bargaining chip in how we spend all other money. The President some-how has latched onto this idea that he proposed a few years ago that all spending be equal, that you take all of the discretionary spending in the coun-try and half of that would be for de-fense and half of that would be for ev-erything else that is discretionary—an increasingly small part of the budget, because mandatory spending is what continues to grow. The discretionary spending, the spending that people think about when they think about the Federal Government, gets smaller every year. 
But even with that challenge in front 
of us, the President apparently has the position that no matter how dangerous the world is, no matter what is hap-pening in Ukraine or no matter what is happening in Crimea, no matter what is happening in Syria, no matter what is happening in response to the Iranian agreement, you have to have more money for everything else if you are going to have more money for defense. Somehow more money for the EPA and more money for the IRS are equal to the responsibility that the Federal Government has to defend the country. 
We saw a little of that, again, just a 
few weeks ago when the appropriators brought the Defense appropriations bill 
to the floor with a vote of 23 to 7. That means many Democrats and many Re-publicans voted for that bill, but when we got it to the floor, we couldn’t get the number it took to bring it up. 
This bill, the authorizing bill, just 
passed the Senate with 70 votes. It passed the House with 270 votes. This bill fully supports the number the President said we needed to defend the country. This is like not taking yes for an answer. When the President says this is how much money we need to de-fend the country, the Congress appro-priates the money the President says we need to defend the country, and then the President says: Well, but we need a lot of money for a lot of other things too, and I am only going to be for what I was for—this is the Presi-dent’s number—the amount of money I was for to defend the country if I get the amount of money I want to do ev-erything else. 
That is not a very good formula for 
either democracy or making the sys-tem work. This has the base funding for the Department of Defense. It has the defense funding and the national security funding for the Department of Energy. It has money involved for the overseas contingency fund that was created for when things are happening outside of the country that we didn’t anticipate. And surely that is the case. 
The President was just saying 3 years 
ago that the Russians weren’t a prob-lem. That was a Cold War idea that the Russians could be a problem. He was saying 3 years or 4 years ago that Assad must go. 
Clearly, things are not working out 
as we thought. So it is probably time to use the overseas contingency fund, as this does. This provides money for the intelligence-related programs. I am on the Senate committee that the CIA, the Director of National Intelligence, and others report to. They are publicly not at all shy about saying that more things are coming at the country from more different directions with more po-tential danger than ever before and so they need to be funded. The activities have stressed those agencies in a lot of ways, but another way you can stress them is not to let them know whether they are going to have the money nec-essary to do their job. 
Our allies are constantly confused by 
the lack of resolve on our part. In fact, when you are looking at this from some other country and you say that the President got the amount of money he wanted in a defense bill that met the needs that the President proposed, but he doesn’t want to sign the author-ization bill now because he is not happy with all the other spending, that is a pretty confusing message. 
It is like the confusing message when 
the President draws a redline in Syria but it doesn’t mean anything. But when you don’t enforce the redline, then not just Assad is emboldened but all of our adversaries are determined at that point that there may be new ways 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.043 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7198 October 7, 2015 
to test the United States and its allies 
they hadn’t thought of before. So, be-fore you know it, the Russians are in Crimea, the Russians are in Ukraine, and now the Russians are in Syria. What we are watching unfold in Syria—and I would want to emphasize ‘‘watching unfold’’ as if we were spec-tators in an area of the world that since World War II the United States of America has done what was necessary to see that there wasn’t a Russian pres-ence there—is clearly the result of a strategy that is confusing, but it is also pretty darn confusing when the President says he is going to veto the Defense authorization bill. 
We see China moving in the South 
China Sea in ways that we wouldn’t have anticipated, taking a 5-acre island and turning it into a 3,000-acre mili-tary base. 
We see Iran spreading its bad influ-
ence with the new resources that it now has. 
When the United States leaves a 
leadership vacuum in the world today, bad things rush to fill that vacuum. And when that happens—when there is less U.S. leadership, when there is less U.S. presence, when there is less posi-tive U.S. encouragement in the world— that almost always produces the wrong kinds of results, and it almost always produces hasty decisions that cost America more in lives and inter-national respect than we would have had otherwise. 
The President can take a positive 
step here by just saying: OK. I am going to sign this bill because 70 Sen-ators and 270 House Members voted for this bill. If the President wants to have a fight, there is still a fight to be had. We shouldn’t be having a fight about authorizing the money that would then be appropriated, but there is still a fight to be had because, remember, this bill doesn’t spend one dime. It just cre-ates the authorization to spend money if that money is appropriated. 
This is a good bill. It is a responsible 
bill. It eliminates waste and unneces-sary spending. It trims down bloated headquarters and administrative over-head at the highest levels of the mili-tary so that more money goes to the places where the fight is and more money goes to the families and the troops that defend us. It contains the most sweeping defense acquisition re-forms in a generation. It helps sustain the quality of life for the people who serve and their families. 
By the way, yesterday I introduced a 
bill along with Senator G
ILLIBRAND —a 
bill that focuses on family stability. When we were doing that, I was able to quote the recently retired Chief of Staff of the Army, General Odierno, who said the strength of the military is in the families of the military. 
This bill does things that move in the 
right direction. It authorizes a pay raise for those people serving below the grade of colonel. It requires the De-partment of Defense and the Veterans’ Administration to establish a joint uniform formulary to ensure our troops 
have timely access to the medicines they need. 
The bill authorizes commonsense re-
forms in a 70-year-old, outdated retire-ment system. Currently, 83 percent of the people who serve in the military don’t benefit from the retirement sys-tem. If this bill would pass, service-members exiting the military have more choices, resulting in about 80 per-cent of the people who leave the mili-tary getting a retirement benefit in-stead of 80 percent not getting a retire-ment benefit. 
The bill keeps in place restrictions 
that bring detainees to Guantanamo and keep them there. It prohibits the transfer of Guantanamo detainees to places such as Yemen, Libya, Syria and Somalia. Six and a half years after tak-ing office, the President has never pro-duced a plan to close Guantanamo. The Congress and the chairman of the Sen-ate Committee on Armed Services are still waiting to hear what his plan might be. As terrorism spreads across the globe, we also don’t appear to have a plan to do what needs to be done with the law of war detainees that are brought under our control and the con-trol of our allies around the country. 
The challenges faced by the intel-
ligence community are unlike any past challenges we have seen—cyber secu-rity, maybe it is more cyber insecurity than cyber security—from defending the critical infrastructure of the coun-try to too much information on too many people in too many places. Pre-viously, people who wanted to get our information had to be pretty close and were likely to be detectable. Now our adversaries can be in the middle of the desert, somewhere in Syria or any-where around the world, using satellite technology to hack into us—as it turned out recently our U.S. Govern-ment personnel records. One has to hope the military, the dot-mil, is more secure than the dot-gov, but that doesn’t happen if we don’t provide the money. 
There are a number of priorities in 
my State that are reflected in this. We have a great training base at St. Jo-seph, MO, where C–130 aircraft pilots from all over our country and from 16 of our allied countries trained last year. This bill would provide the air-craft upgrades for that C–130 training. 
It provides the necessary resources 
for geospatial intelligence activities in the country. 
The bill includes military construc-
tion funding for a new consolidated nu-clear stealth and deterrence facility at Whiteman Air Force Base. Missouri is proud to have Whiteman Air Force Base as the home of the B–2 bomber, the stealth bomber system, where dedi-cated airmen stand by at a moment’s notice to let our allies know we can reach anywhere, anytime from that base, and they are unlikely to know we are there until we get there. 
Finally, this bill includes critical 
funding to keep the Army ready, equipped, and trained. At Fort Leonard 
Wood the Army trains approximately 80,000 soldiers every year. While I was disappointed with the announced re-ductions at Fort Leonard Wood, which are scheduled to occur in 2017, the number of uniformed positions at that installation will still be higher than they were in 2001. The Army’s decision to minimize reductions at Fort Leon-ard Wood was a decision that I think anybody who understands the Fort would agree with. 
In summary, I want to say to the 
President of the United States that this bill provides for our common de-fense. That is his No. 1 responsibility as Commander in Chief. Blocking this bill will keep us less safe and less se-cure. So Mr. President, sign this bill. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, it is 
not uncommon for me when I am at home in Oklahoma to have a mom ap-proach me at a townhall meeting or in conversations or even at a store or res-taurant. What she will want to talk to me about is very interesting. Almost always the moms who approach me lately want to talk to me about na-tional security. They want to talk to me about the fear they have that the world is spinning out of control, and they are very concerned about their kids. They are concerned about ter-rorism coming to the United States. With a lot of moms in Oklahoma, there is a sense of a loss of trust that this is a safe world and a safe place. 
I can’t say that is isolated. As I have 
talked to other Members in this body, I seem to find the same theme coming up over and over again. As I talk to people at home, they want to know: Is the American government performing its primary responsibility of maintain-ing security and protecting American citizens around the world? 
I would love to be able to tell them 
yes, but quite frankly this has become a very chaotic world, and the chal-lenges we face need clear messaging about what we plan to do and our in-tent to actually follow up on that plan. We need to have a national policy plan for defense, and then we need to follow through on that. 
That seems straightforward and sim-
ple. Well, the national defense author-ization is one of those areas where Con-gress and the President have for dec-ades agreed on a national policy for de-fense. They have laid out that perspec-tive, and then it is the President’s re-sponsibility as Commander in Chief to fulfill. That is the primary responsi-bility of the U.S. Government. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.044 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7199 October 7, 2015 
challenge is, our world is in utter tur-
moil and that primary responsibility is not being fulfilled. 
Passage today of the National De-
fense Authorization Act by 70 to 27— which is a rare vote in the Senate, to have that much bipartisan agreement on something—is a significant next step. It has passed the House already, it has now passed the Senate with a veto-proof majority, and it is headed to the President’s desk, and he has threatened a veto, of all things, for a national plan for defense. 
There is a sentiment, an emotion 
from Americans: Please get a clear na-tional policy. We feel like the world is on fire, and somebody needs to provide a clear path. That is what this is, and I am astounded by the conversation about a possible veto threat from the President of the United States, even when it passes the Senate by a veto- proof majority. 
Where are we and what is really 
going on right now? Let’s take a look at the world and what is happening in real time. The Middle East is abso-lutely rocked to its core with violence, and there is this perception that the United States is disconnected from it. I would say that is untrue. We are just not providing clarity in the plan. 
At a time when we have men and 
women in harm’s way across the entire Middle East, I am astounded that the President is talking about a veto, which will provide even more insta-bility. Let me give an example. When I talk about men and women in harm’s way, there are many Americans who don’t hear about the ongoing battle happening now in Iraq and Syria and how our sons and daughters are already very engaged in what is happening there. There is this belief—I believe fostered by the President—that we are really not there because we never talk about it. 
So let’s talk about yesterday. This is 
yesterday over Iraq and Syria and what happened. Near Abu Kamal, there were three strikes from the Americans on two separate ISIL crude oil collection points. That was in Syria yesterday. In Iraq, one strike destroyed two ISIL rocket rails. Near Kirkuk, two strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL heavy machine guns and an ISIL fighting position. Near Kisik, three strikes suppressed two ISIL rocket positions, an ISIL mortar position, and an ISIL sniper po-sition. Near Makhmur, one strike sup-pressed an ISIL heavy machine gun po-sition. Near Mosul, three strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit and de-stroyed three ISIL heavy machine guns and three ISIL fighting positions and suppressed an ISIL rocket position and an ISIL mortar position. Near Ramadi, five strikes struck four separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL fighting positions, three ISIL weapons caches, two ISIL buildings, an ISIL bunker, and denied ISIL access to ter-rain they were pursuing. Near Sinjar, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL heavy machine 
gun and two ISIL fighting positions. Near Sultan Abdallah, one strike sup-pressed an ISIL rocket position. Near Tal Afar, two strikes destroyed an ISIL fighting position, an ISIL trench, and an ISIL berm, and suppressed an ISIL mortar position. Near Tikrit, one strike destroyed four ISIL obstacles. That was yesterday. 
Americans have this belief that we 
are disconnected. We are a nation that is engaged, but the challenge is that there is no clear plan, there is no end game that is being laid out. In a mo-ment when we have this many strikes that are happening in Syria and in Iraq—and I can go on and on about what is happening with our Special Forces in Afghanistan and across the rest of the region, as I will describe in a moment, but at this moment, with this going on, the President is going to veto a national defense authorization with this kind of bipartisan support, when the whole Nation is saying: Give us a plan because we feel insecure. 
Currently, we are trying and failing 
to train and equip moderate opposition forces against ISIL in Syria. Currently, we are trying to give Kurds all the equipment they need to hold the line against ISIL. There are millions of dis-placed people who are fleeing across Europe, who are trying to find some place of respite. 
In Yemen, we are supporting the 
Saudi-led coalition as the Iranians are causing a coup to become a reality in Yemen by the Houthi rebels. 
In Libya, there is still an unbeliev-
able vacuum left by the incomplete campaign, which resulted in ISIS get-ting a foothold in Libya and a bloody civil war in a very divided Libya. They have not been able to form a central government in several years now. 
Egypt is facing a growing terrorist 
threat in Sinai. There are all kinds of tit-for-tat violence happening right now in Israel between the Palestinians and Israelis. 
In Africa, we are still hunting Joseph 
Kony—a despicable madman—but with no success. AFRICOM is also trying to assist forces working to kick al- Shabaab out of Somalia. Bloody sec-tarian violence is breaking out in the Central African Republic. South Sudan has an extremely fragile peace agree-ment. Boko Haram continues to rap-idly grow in West Africa. 
In Mexico and other parts of Latin 
America, drug thugs are running ramp-ant, and they are pushing drugs into the United States in record amounts, destabilizing many of our cities. 
In Afghanistan, a new offensive by 
the Taliban threatens to roll back the progress we have made. 
DNI Clapper testified that the world 
is still facing an emerging and rapidly growing cyber threat. It is not just a cyber threat to the American Govern-ment, it is a threat to every American citizen, as many American citizens have personally experienced in recent days. Let’s look to the future and some of 
the plans that are ongoing. 
Iran. We heard from Secretary Kerry 
and this administration that a nuclear deal with Iran would lead to a more peaceful Middle East. Since the agree-ment was announced, we have seen Iran continue to arm the Houthi rebels in Yemen, continue to support Hezbollah and their expansion, and continue to aggressively prop up the Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad. Some 
of us have stated quite blatantly our suspicion that this deal would make the region less stable. Indeed, in just 5 years Iran could begin importing large amounts of conventional weapons under this deal. So an Iran that is al-ready supporting large amounts of ter-rorism will only become better equipped in the days to come. 
China. They had a state visit here re-
cently with lots of broad promises about cooperation. Meanwhile, we know that much of the cyber threat emanates from China. They are build-ing islands in disputed waters—air-fields capable of hosting military as-sets there. They are beginning to build a world-class navy that could threaten our closest allies in the region. China continues to be one of the world’s lead-ers in human rights violations. 
Russia. We have heard several of our 
top military commanders say there is a long list of threats, but the threat they are most concerned about is a growing Russia. Putin walked into Crimea, and the world watched. He continues to threaten eastern Ukraine, and the world watches. He is now expanding Russian adventures into the Middle East, supporting Iranian-backed Bashar al-Assad in Syria, and attack-ing the moderate opposition forces at-tempting to defend their own families. This is not a new vanguard against ter-rorism; this is an expansion of the ‘‘Russian Bear.’’ 
So what are we doing about it? We 
are trying to actually put out a clear plan. Where are we going in national defense? What are we going to do to stop terrorism and the expansion of terrorists around the world? Instead of the White House cooperating with us, they are threatening to veto the NDAA. It is unbelievable. It is astound-ing that the White House is spending more time trying to make a deal with Iran than they are trying to actually support our own military. What does this do? What does this agreement real-ly accomplish? 
For those who aren’t familiar with 
the national defense authorization, let me share a few things that are in this national defense authorization that the President is now saying he is going to veto. 
Here is one: personal carry of fire-
arms. Post commanders are empowered to permit a member of the Armed Forces to carry appropriate firearms on our posts or bases. After the attack that happened in Chattanooga, this is something the American people have called out for. It is included in this bill, to allow it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.046 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7200 October 7, 2015 
It provides for stronger cyber oper-
ations capabilities and looks to safe-guard our technological superiority. 
It ensures that military intelligence 
analysis remains a priority at the na-tional level. 
The NDAA extends vital authorities 
for our forces in Afghanistan as we try to deal with what is happening on the ground there. It authorizes the Iran military power report for 10 additional years, reflecting Congress’s view that Iran’s illicit pursuit of a nuclear weap-ons capability and its malign military activities constitute a grave threat to regional stability and U.S. national se-curity interests. The NDAA reinforces the mission against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, ISIL. 
Congress authorizes through this the 
European Reassurance Initiative to ad-dress Russia’s employment of conven-tional and unconventional warfare methods to counter U.S. and Western interests, whether it be in the Ukraine or across the area—bicameral, bipar-tisan efforts to provide assistance and sustainment for the military forces in Ukraine. 
The NDAA allocates $30 million for 
DOD-unique capabilities to address the threatening levels of violence, insta-bility, illicit trafficking of drugs, and transnational organized crime in Cen-tral America. 
Dealing with the Pacific region, this 
conference remains concerned about America’s strategy in the Indo-Asia- Pacific region, and the NDAA requires the President to make a clear strategy for this ‘‘pivot to Asia.’’ 
The Defense Department has also 
placed greater emphasis—under this agreement, the NDAA—on security co-operation with all parts of the world to make sure we have a consistent strat-egy. 
If we want to talk about individual 
members of the military, this NDAA changes how retirement is done. Now, 83 percent of the individuals who serve in our military don’t receive any kind of retirement at the end. This allows those individuals to actually be able to participate in retirement benefits, in their retirement from the military, even if they don’t make it all the way to 20 years. This is a dramatic shift not only in supporting the warfighter but in actually setting a strategy for where we need to go to provide some clarity to individuals at home and to our troops in the field. 
The President’s statement that he is 
going to veto this has come under two areas. He said he is going to veto this because the funding mechanism comes from the Overseas Contingency Oper-ations Fund, OCO. Because the funding is coming from OCO, he is going to veto it. The second thing he said: I am going to veto it because I don’t like what it says about Gitmo—about Guanta-namo—and keeping those individuals who are terrorists who have attacked our Nation at Guantanamo. 
The ironic part is that when I started 
to pull this to be able to look at the figures—let me just give the last sev-
eral years. In 2013, the OCO funding was $89 billion. The President signed that. In 2014, OCO funding was $81 billion. The President signed that. In 2015, OCO funding was $64 billion. The President signed that. This year’s OCO funding is $89 billion, which is right there in the same range as the previous 4 years, but this year he is saying: I can’t sign it; it has OCO funding. Can somebody tell me the difference on this? This is very similar to what has been done the last 4 years. 
His statement about Guantanamo 
Bay and preventing funding—moving the terrorists from Guantanamo Bay to the United States—I can tell you that in my State people are adamantly op-posed to moving the terrorists from Guantanamo Bay to the United States. Going all the way back, let’s say, to 2011, that NDAA prevented moving prisoners from Guantanamo; 2012, pre-vented it; 2013, prevented it; 2014, pre-vented it; 2015, prevented it. All of those, the President signed, but for some strange reason, this year the President has said: It has OCO funds and it deals with Guantanamo—just like every other year in the past. 
This is the season when we need to 
bring clear voices and a clear mission, not politics. This is the primary mis-sion we have as a federal government: Take care of our national defense and provide a clear messaging. 
I am proud of this Senate for fin-
ishing the conference report on the NDAA and sending it to the President’s desk. Now I would ask the Commander in Chief to stand with the troops, to sign this, and let’s get on to providing some clarity in the days ahead. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana. 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, first, I 
want to commend my colleague, my partner on the Senate Intelligence Committee, for his recent remarks de-livered here on the floor. 
It was our Director of National Intel-
ligence, Admiral Clapper, who said that in all of his 50-plus years of serving in intelligence functions—first in the military and now as the Director of Na-tional Intelligence—he has never seen a world so troubled, he has never seen such a proliferation of threats, threats to our way of life, threats to our coun-try, threats to our allies, threats to world order. And my colleague from Oklahoma, Senator L
ANKFORD , just 
laid out in specific detail the multitude of threats, the multitude of dysfunc-tion and chaos that exists not just in the Middle East but throughout the world. I won’t repeat any of it, but I thank him for bringing attention to the fact that we live in very uncertain times, times which require decisive leadership, and that leadership—over the years and over the centuries, world nations have pointed to the United States as the democratic leadership ab-solutely necessary to deal with these types of issues and provide directional leadership to our allies and to the 
world, as well as show strength to our adversaries that has restrained some of their actions. That is missing. 
There is a huge void being left by the 
lack of any kind of sensible policy—if 
there is a policy at all—coming out of this particular White House and from this President. This vacuum that has been created has allowed the oppor-tunity for those who seek to do us harm, to do others harm, and those who seek to use power to achieve their means—literally, a blank check and a free hand, knowing there is no order here in terms of addressing this in a successful way. 
So I thank my colleague for defining 
this on the floor, and I certainly want to support—and hopefully my col-leagues will pay attention to this seri-ous challenge that America faces with the lack of a coherent strategy and lack of decisive leadership that is com-ing to us from the White House. 
WASTEFUL SPENDING  
Mr. President, today we face some-
thing far less consequential but still consequential from the standpoint that it is a contributor to another major threat that Americans face. 
I have been engaged in everything 
from major programs—done in a bipar-tisan way, with support from the Presi-dent, all of which have failed—to ad-dress this and bring us to the small, sometimes almost ridiculous and em-barrassing, spending that has taken place here for those who are looking at it from bottom up instead of from top down. It is something I have tried to identify every week—now for 23 weeks—called the waste of the week, hopefully it will provide the kind of embarrassment to my colleagues and knowledge of the fact that we simply cannot keep spending money that we do not have. 
These waste of the week sums are 
substantial, into the tens of billions of dollars. Some are there to show the American people or describe to the American people the fact that there is a significant amount of unneeded spending, of waste, fraud, and abuse that occurs on an almost daily basis throughout all of our agencies and throughout Federal spending. People are saying: Given the kind of debt cri-sis we are looking at, why are we spending hard-earned tax dollars to ad-dress this or that or whatever? 
Today I want to address one small 
but yet another example of unneces-sary Federal spending, and it involves the role of robots replacing humans for certain functions. Those who have watched ‘‘The Jetsons’’—I don’t really tune in, but my grandkids do—perhaps wish that they, too, could have a Rosie the maid, the robot that cooks, cleans, and tells jokes to the Jetson family. This obviously is a cartoon presen-tation, but it reflects a role for robots that provides us interesting entertain-ment or perhaps the robot from ‘‘Lost in Space’’ that played the electric gui-tar and exhibited human emotion or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.050 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7201 October 7, 2015 
Michael Knight’s trusted robot side-
kick KITT on ‘‘Knight Rider.’’ 
This is a little bit beyond my genera-
tion, but I am told robots are now part of the entertainment scene. While this makes for good television and draws viewers, we all know robots can never replace the care of a human being, the care of a parent, the efforts of a teach-er, those who are reaching out to pro-vide support and encouragement for young people. Yet the National Science Foundation is currently spending $440,855 trying to do that with robots. The agency recently awarded a tax-payer-funded grant to develop the use of ‘‘autonomous, personalized social ro-bots’’ in the classroom. 
The first thing that came to my mind 
was what in the world does a personal-ized social robot look like and how do you personalize a robot to provide so-cial interaction with children? The purpose of this grant, which began last month and continues until August 2017, is to create robots that can tell stories to children. 
This might be a cute thing to do. I 
don’t know. Is this something the Fed-eral Government, at a time when we are in the middle of deficit spending, evermore borrowing, should ask the taxpayer to send out their hard-earned tax dollars for—this kind of thing? If private industry wants to do this and can sell the product to schools, more power to them, but why do we have to go to the Federal Government to do a test case to see if this works? We know we do basic research here. We support that through NIH and the National Science Foundation. This is not basic research. I am questioning this. 
Let me quote from the grant descrip-
tion. This will ‘‘offer unique opportuni-ties of guided, personalized and con-trolled social interaction, whatever that means, during the delivery of a de-sired curriculum. They can play, learn and engage with children in the real world—physically, socially, and emo-tively.’’ 
Maybe the effort here is to build a 
robot that can physically, socially, and emotively connect with children. That might work on ‘‘The Jetsons.’’ That might work on television. I can’t be-lieve how that works in real life. 
What parent wants a preschooler to 
be read to by a so-called social robot instead of a teacher or a parent? And why are we spending taxpayer dollars on reading robots? Actual human teachers provide what robots cannot. They relate to our children. They un-derstand their individual needs, and they tailor their instruction to bring out the very best in our children and on a personalized basis. I don’t think a robot can adjust emotively and socially to different children in the classroom. Yet obviously the teacher is trained to do that. 
Even the most advanced robot can’t 
sense when a child is going through a rough time or provide the right touch to ensure a child’s learning. Should the Federal Government, which is over $18 trillion in debt, be spending any 
money, let alone $440,000, on this re-search? Is this something the private sector could be conducting instead? Certainly, if that is what the goal is. 
My purpose throughout the Waste of 
the Week Initiative is to drive home the point that the Federal Government should be stewarding taxpayers’ dollars for essential functions and in a way that truly helps people. 
Let me be clear. I am not criticizing 
all Federal research spending or the National Science Foundation. The gov-ernment does play an important role, as I have said, in promoting basic science research that cannot be done elsewhere, but there are many private companies that offer products that use technology to help children learn. Is it the role of the government to also per-form this sort of research? Just be-cause something is interesting to do doesn’t mean it rises to the level of pri-ority, particularly at a time when we are continuing to spend more money and go deeper into debt each and every day. 
Families and small businesses have 
to prioritize all the time. The Federal Government needs to do the same. So let’s pull the plug or take out the bat-tery and short circuit this funding for this grant. 
Today I am marking more money on 
our ever-increasing amount of waste, fraud, and abuse. We are adding $440,855 to the nearly $117 billion that over the last 22 weeks we have brought to this floor. 
60TH ANNIVERSARY OF CRISPUS ATTUCKS  
CHAMPIONSHIP  
Mr. President, while I am here, let 
me switch and for a couple of minutes speak to something that I think speaks well of our State; that is, celebrating an important anniversary. 
In Indiana, few things better per-
sonify the Hoosier spirit of hard work and overcoming adversity, persistence, and sportsmanship more than high school basketball. It is rabid in our State, and it always has been. It de-fines our State. 
Every year the high school basket-
ball season culminates in February and March with what we call Hoosier Hysteria—the postseason tournament. Half a century ago, the height of Hoo-sier Hysteria was before school consoli-dation and before the advent of class basketball. At that time we had one single athletic class and crowned one high school basketball team State champion each year. For the final game of the tournament, fans would fill Butler University’s historic Hinkle Fieldhouse to standing-room-only ca-pacity. Throughout those weeks of tournament, as the small, medium, and large-sized schools worked their way through the system to that champion-ship game, it captured the hearts and minds of Hoosiers in a way that noth-ing else does. 
This phenomena was immortalized by 
the award-winning 1986 movie ‘‘Hoo-siers’’—one of my personal favorites— and based on an improbable but true 
story. Back in the 1950s, hundreds of small high schools existed across our small State, but no small school had ever won the basketball State cham-pionship. In 1954, Mylan High School— a rural school with an enrollment of only 161 students in all four grades— faced a much larger school, Muncie Central High School, whose enrollment was 2,200 students in the State cham-pionship game. The Mylan Indians de-feated the Muncie Central Bearcats to win the State title. It has been immor-talized through the movie ‘‘Hoosiers,’’ which any Hoosier, and hopefully peo-ple outside the State, watched more than once. I watch it on a regular basis. It is a great story. 
Even today, Mylan’s incredible ac-
complishment is widely admired and discussed by Hoosier basketball fans. Indiana high school basketball in this era produced not only this ‘‘David and Goliath’’ episode but also another truly inspirational team. This is their 60th anniversary. 
En route to winning the 1954 State 
championship, Milan defeated the Crispus Attucks Tigers in the semi- State. That is no small accomplish-ment. That was a large school with an exceptional team. At that time, Crispus Attucks was an all-Black high school in Indianapolis. Despite their loss to Milan in 1954, the Tigers were back the next year. On March 19, 1955— 60 years ago—Crispus Attucks won the State title by defeating Gary Roosevelt High School 97 to 74 in that champion-ship game. 
The next year Crispus Attucks went 
undefeated, riding a 45-winning streak to State title. The Tigers finished the 1950s with a third championship in 1959. 
Crispus Attucks High School’s 1955 
State title was one of several firsts. Not only were they the first team from Indianapolis to win the State title, they were the first African-American school in the Nation to win an open State tournament. 
Through the perseverance and leader-
ship of their coach, Ray Crowe, the players learned not just the game of basketball but also valuable lessons about discipline, patience, and perse-verance. These lessons resulted in back-to-back State titles, as I have said. 
On the court, the Crispus Attucks 
teams of the mid-1950s were led by a fu-ture professional all-star, champion, and Hall of Famer named Oscar Rob-ertson. Oscar Robertson said of those Crispus Attucks teams: ‘‘The way we played and won, we did it with a lot of class.’’ 
The Tigers’ success on the basketball 
court helped tear down many lingering racial barriers of that time. This team inspired the State of Indiana with their hard work, graciousness, and sports-manship. Today I join my fellow Hoo-siers in marking the 60th anniversary of this milestone and honoring this team of champions. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.051 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7202 October 7, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
GARDNER ). The Senator from Massa-
chusetts. 
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that I be recog-nized for up to 10 minutes; that fol-lowing my remarks, Senator S
CHATZ be 
recognized for up to 10 minutes; and that following his remarks, Senator W
HITEHOUSE be recognized for up to 10 
minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
CLIMATE CHANGE AND TECHNOLOGY  
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, the evi-
dence and impacts of climate change are clear and they are undeniable. Sci-entists can measure the increase of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere. They can measure the rising temperatures. They can measure the increasing level of the sea. They can measure the in-crease in extreme rainfall. All of this increases the risk for extreme weather events that threaten people and the economy. While addressing the chal-lenges of climate change will take a comprehensive approach, we have many of the policies, the workforce, and the technologies we need to ad-dress the problem already. 
To illustrate that point, I want to 
tell you a tale of two tax policies—one for wind and solar and one for oil, gas, and coal. Let’s look at the last decade of our tale of two tax policies. 
In 2005, we, the United States, in-
stalled 79 total megawatts of solar in the United States. Seventy-nine megawatts was a teeny amount back in 2005. Last year we deployed nearly 100 times that amount—7,000 new megawatts in the year 2014. Look at that. We have nearly 100 times more solar. 
Well, what happened? First, tech-
nology costs plummeted. Everybody has heard of a Moore’s law for semi-conductors. It told us that today’s iPhones would be more powerful than last generation’s supercomputers. We all know Moore’s Law. We knew we would move from this pocket phone to an iPhone because the technology keeps getting more powerful. 
There is a Moore’s law for solar as 
well. Every time solar panel deploy-ment doubles globally, the cost of solar falls by 18 percent. It is predictable. It is why we are seeing the cost of a solar panel drop 70 percent since the year 2010, and it is why costs will continue to fall. 
Next, 30 States enacted renewable 
electricity standards. Yes, now more than half of the States in our country have a standard to get a sizable portion of their electricity from renewable sources, and finally, and most impor-tantly from a national policy perspec-tive, we passed an 8-year extension of the Solar Investment Tax Credit in 2008. We gave this industry and these companies certainty. We now have more than 20,000 megawatts of in-stalled solar capacity in the United States. More than 60 percent of it was added in just the last 2 years, and we are projected to double that installed 
solar capacity over the next 2 years. We are forecast to add 8,000 megawatts this year and 12,000 megawatts next year, and that is because we put smart tax policies on the books 7 years ago. 
Look what happened. If we go from 
the beginning of the American Revolu-tion until 2005, we were still only in-stalling 79 megawatts—just a teeny, tiny amount of solar energy. But when we started putting State renewable electricity standards on the books and a new tax policy, it started to explode 100 times—1,000 times more solar in America, by the way, with all the ex-perts saying: This can’t happen. Solar isn’t real. Wind isn’t real. You Sen-ators, you House Members, you have to get real. Well, this is the proof that bad policies had stopped this explosion of these technologies. 
By the way, the same thing is true 
for wind power. We are projected to add 9,000 new megawatts of wind power in our country this year, and we are pro-jected to add another 8,000 megawatts of wind power next year. We can see what is happening with the combined totals of wind and solar once we put the new policies on the books. It was basically an era where almost no elec-tricity in the United States was gen-erated by wind and solar to the next year having 5 to 6 percent of all the electricity in America coming from wind and solar. It is like the explosion of cellphones that turned into smartphones. People didn’t have any-thing in their pockets just 20 years ago—it was like the wind and solar in-dustry—but we changed policies in the United States. We said: We can do it. We can untether ourselves from a tele-phone line in our living rooms. We can let people walk around with their phone, and we began to make the same decisions on wind and solar. We can untether ourselves in the United States from coal-generated electricity that emits greenhouse gases that dan-gerously warm our planet, and we are now doing it. It is accelerating, and that is the beautiful part of the story. 
By the end of next year, there are 
going to be 300,000 people employed in the wind and solar industry in the United States. Right now, there are 73,000 people building these wind tur-bines. Steel and iron workers are out there doing this work right now, and it generates clean, renewable, nonpol-luting energy. We can do this. We are the United States of America. We are the innovation giant on the planet. We can solve this problem. 
What has happened with the wind in-
dustry? Well, their tax break has now expired. Has the tax break for the oil industry expired? Oh, no. Has the tax break for the coal industry expired? Oh, no. 
Those tax breaks have been on the 
books for 100 years. They will never ex-pire—never. There are too many people who want to help the fossil fuel indus-try here in the Senate and over in the House of Representatives, but the tax breaks for the wind and solar indus-
try—the ones that are showing the tre-mendous growth, innovation, and ca-pacity to develop new technologies that we can export around the planet— are expiring. 
If we look at the green generation— 
young people within our society— which technology do they want us to invest in? Do they want black rotary dial phones and coal-burning power-plants or do they want the new tech-nologies of the 21st Century, their gen-eration? Do they want the past dirty carbon pollution or do they want fu-ture clean energy? It is not even close. This is a choice that has to be made by this generation. The green generation expects us to be the leaders on this issue. 
The oil and gas industry get $7.5 bil-
lion a year in tax breaks. The oil indus-try doesn’t need a subsidy to drill for oil any more than a bird needs a sub-sidy to fly or a fish needs a subsidy to swim. They are going to do it anyway. What they do though is lobby to take away the tax breaks for solar and wind because they know that will displace them. Our goal, of course, should be to have a massive ramping up of these en-ergy technologies. 
Do you want to hear an incredible 
number? The Chinese government, while the Pope was in town here in Washington, announced that China was going to deploy wind and solar and other renewable technologies by the year 2030 that would equal the total of all electrical generation capacity in the United States of America. They are going to deploy all their coal, natural gas, hydropower, wind, and solar. Again, I said earlier that every time there is a global doubling of the de-ployment of solar on the planet, the price of solar drops by 18 percent. China is going to be doing that. 
Last week India announced that they 
are going to have a massive increase in their renewable energy resources as well. 
Unfortunately, the tax breaks in our 
own country have already expired or are going to expire for the wind and solar industries. Our country is sup-posed to be the leader. We are supposed to be the technological giant on this planet. 
All I can say is, if we want the jobs, 
this is the sector where the jobs are being created. There will be 300,000 jobs in this sector by the end of next year. If we want to reduce greenhouse gases, this is the sector that can make it pos-sible for the United States to be the leader. 
If we want to be the leaders to ensure 
that we are acted on the message that Pope Francis delivered to the Congress just 2 weeks ago, we have to move to-ward these technologies. The Pope asked us to use our technological ca-pacity in order to solve this problem. The Pope pretty much said three things. No. 1, the planet is warming dangerously, and the science is clear. No. 2, the cause of the warming is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.052 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7203 October 7, 2015 
largely by human beings, and the 
science is clear. No. 3, we have a moral responsibility. 
Ladies and gentlemen, this is a huge 
day because we have Members coming out to the floor to talk about this revo-lution and how we can find a solution so we can deal with this issue in a posi-tive, affirmative job-creating way. We can engage in massive job creation in order to save all of God’s creation. We can do it, but we have to decide that we are going to be the leaders in this sector, and all I can say is that in the end we are going to win because tech-nology always triumphs—always. You can hold it back for a while, but in the end it is going to ultimately change our world. By the year 2100 people will look back and wonder why we ever did generate electricity by the use of fossil fuels on our planet. 
I thank the Presiding Officer, and I 
see that Senator S
CHATZ and Senator 
WHITEHOUSE have arrived. 
With that, I yield back the remainder 
of my time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Hawaii. 
Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, I thank 
the Senator from Massachusetts for ex-plaining to the public and this body what we are all becoming increasingly aware of. The technology is there. This is no longer pie in the sky. This is not hopeful ecological utopia thinking. This is real stuff. These are real jobs that are being financed by banks and financial institutions. This is already upon us. 
I wish to tell the story of Hawaii’s 
clean energy transformation. Of course the clean energy transformation is tak-ing place across the country, but it is especially true in Hawaii. For dec-ades—since the demise of the sugar plantation—Hawaii relied on imports of fossil fuel for our energy needs. As recently as 2010, we derived nearly 90 percent of our electrons from burning oil. In just 4 years we have driven this number down to around 80 percent, and we are on our way to a 100 percent clean energy target. 
Hawaii’s reliance on imported fuels 
isn’t just bad for the climate, it is also bad economics. We have the highest electricity rates in the country. Our rates are three times higher than the national average. For the privilege of burning LSFO, low sulfur fuel oil, we are paying higher prices than anywhere in the Nation, and so something had to give. 
In order to bolster our own energy se-
curity and economic prospects, we made the decision to transition away from fossil fuels to solar, wind, and geothermal. Clean energy is Hawaii’s future, but it is important to point out that in the beginning we had naysayers on the left, right, and center, much like the current debate in the Con-gress. There are those who think that what we do in the clean power plan or with the carbon fee will not be nearly enough, and there are those who think that we are doing too much too fast. I remember having this exact con-
versation in Hawaii in 2001. In 2001, we started small and passed a voluntary renewable portfolio goal that encour-aged utilities—didn’t mandate—to gen-erate 9 percent of their electricity from clean energy by the year 2010. The tar-get, frankly, was unambitious. It was voluntary and it was unenforceable, but it was important because it was a start. For some it was little and for others it was too radical, but it was a start. So we kept pushing. 
In 2004, we replaced the original goal 
with a requirement of 20 percent clean energy by 2020. Two years later, we added incentives for compliance and es-tablished penalties for noncompliance. 
In 2008, Hawaii partnered with the 
USDOE to identify the technical, regu-latory, and financial barriers pre-venting the State from reaching its clean energy potential. This partner-ship, the Hawaii Clean Energy Initia-tive, was crucial to helping Hawaii re-alize that a 100 percent clean energy goal was actually realistic. 
A year after starting this partner-
ship, the State increased its Clean En-ergy Standard to 40 percent by 2030, es-tablishing an energy efficiency stand-ard of 30 percent and enshrining into law the requirement to reduce emis-sions from the power sector by 70 per-cent by the year 2030. 
I want to give context here. People 
thought this was totally unrealistic and that we would even at the first 2- or 3-year increment already miss our goals, but what happened was the oppo-site. We started exceeding our interim targets, and then we ratcheted up our goals. Progress toward these goals demonstrated that an even more ambi-tious, audacious goal of 100-percent clean energy was a real possibility. 
So this year Governor Ige in Hawaii 
signed the law requiring utilities to generate all of their electricity from renewable sources by 2045. We are cur-rently meeting or exceeding our in-terim targets, thanks in large part to big increases in wind power and in dis-tributed generation, especially solar rooftops. 
It is important to say that progress 
towards our clean energy goals hasn’t impeded economic growth. Hawaii’s un-employment rate is among the lowest in the Nation and 1.5 percent below the national average. 
Strengthening this law required con-
sistent efforts by advocacy groups, businesses, and government agencies to bring about the change. It also showed the importance of taking those first steps down the road to a low-carbon economy. Whether they seem too small to make a difference or too large to be possible, we have to start. Once we do, ambitious goals are more within reach than they may have originally seemed. 
Now, Hawaii is blessed in a number of 
ways, including with ample sunlight, steady winds, and volcanic energy. But Hawaii is not unique in its ability to generate substantial quantities of elec-tricity from clean renewable resources. The National Renewable Energy Lab-
oratory analyzed clean energy poten-tial across the country and found that ‘‘[r]enewable electricity generation from technologies that are commer-cially available today . . . is more than adequate to supply 80 percent of the total U.S. electricity generation by the year 2050.’’ 
That is with technologies available 
today. As these technologies improve and the cost of clean energy continues to fall, wind and solar power will be in-creasingly competitive with electricity generated from fossil fuels in States across the country. As my home State of Hawaii illustrates, we just have to start. 
This is a lesson that we must take to 
the international context as well. As the world meets in Paris later this year, I urge representatives from all countries to think of Hawaii’s experi-ence moving towards a zero carbon en-ergy system. The climate negotiations in Paris are shaping up to be at least a moderate success. But whatever agree-ment emerges from Paris will likely be a political Rorschach test, which is to say that some will say that we are promising too much and others will say that we should be offering more. What-ever one’s predisposition about cli-mate, Paris will prove it to the world. 
But what truly matters is not ex-
actly what the particulars of each agreement in Paris are but what hap-pens next. It is doing the work. It is power purchase agreements. It is public policy. It is tax incentives. It is per-mits. It is public utilities commissions. It is actually getting the work done across the country and across the plan-et. 
When something as consequential as 
climate change is on the table, it is going to require global capital, techno-logical breakthroughs, and political will. That political will will only occur if people understand that, yes, this is a problem. It is real. Yes, it is urgent, and yes, it is caused by humans. But, most importantly, we can, in fact, fix it. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
wish to join my colleagues from Massa-chusetts and Hawaii to talk about the tax credits for wind. 
We have had a remarkably exciting 
new thing happen in Rhode Island this summer. From time to time, I am able to get out on Narragansett Bay and, over and over, whether driving on the bridges over Narragansett Bay or actu-ally out on Narragansett Bay, we saw the sites of these enormous barges traveling down the bay, bringing these huge structures that were carried out, located off of Block Island, and sunk to the ocean floor to provide the plat-forms for the first steel-in-water off-shore wind energy in the country. 
Now, we can go over to Europe and 
see wind energy all over the place. We are behind them in developing it, but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.054 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7204 October 7, 2015 
Rhode Island is the start. And whether 
we saw these enormous structures that were the legs—the frames for the pylon and the turbine—or whether we saw enormous pilings that get carried out there and in the same way that you drive a nail through the hole for a hanger and put it through wall, they take these enormous pilings that reach way up into the sky and drive them through the hollow legs of the frame-work and down to anchor them in the ocean floor. 
So this is under construction right 
now. It is big. We see these barges com-ing by and they are enormous. The structures run hundreds of feet in the air. It is exciting to see this happening, and it is part of the wind revolution that Senator M
ARKEY and Senator 
SCHATZ talked about. 
So there is a conflict in my mind be-
tween this exciting sight in Rhode Is-land—these big yellow structures com-ing down the bay in the bright light— and then coming to the darker Halls of Congress and moving from that excit-ing sight to the tedious fight that we have over and over to protect the wind production tax credit. Over and over we have to go through this fight. Why? I will tell my colleagues why. It is be-cause opposition to the wind tax credit is one more little wriggling tentacle of the fossil fuel industry. They have huge tax subsidies, tax credits, and tax advantages baked permanently into the Tax Code, and they sit on those and they defend them and they are merci-less about anybody who tries to take those away. But let a little wind come along and try to get a competing tax credit of its own, and they try to crush it, over and over and over. 
Nobody runs for office to come to the 
Senate and says: The thing that drives me, the thing that motivates my can-didacy is to make sure that our wind energy in the United States gets knocked down; let’s take their little tax credit away. Nobody runs on that. In fact, if I recall correctly, the Pre-siding Officer ran for office with a pic-ture of a wind turbine in Colorado. So it is not as if there aren’t friends to wind in this Chamber. 
But once someone gets here, the oil 
and fossil guys are very powerful. They are very remorseless. They have made immense threats to squash any action on climate change. And as a little side-bar, they always try to beat the little wind energy subsidy. They will never give up their own, and their own are much bigger. We have probably $50 bil-lion over 10 years in cash tax benefits going to these companies, which are the most profitable companies in the history of the planet. They are the last companies that need any help. 
If we look at people such as the 
International Monetary Fund—not ex-actly a liberal, green group—the Inter-national Monetary Fund estimates that if we put in all of the subsidies that fossil fuel gets around the world, it adds up to more than $5 trillion— trillion. I am from Rhode Island. I think $1 million is a lot of money. I am 
starting to get used to talking about billions of dollars being here. Trillions is what the fossil fuel subsidy, in ef-fect, is around the world, and just in the U.S. it is $700 billion in a year. Yet, greedy, big corporations that sit and defend that benefit to the last trench also want to crush the poor little wind 
benefit. It is just not fair and it is just wrong. 
But I think we are going to be able to 
prevail. We have seen some real progress here. Bloomberg just pub-lished an article that wind power is now the cheapest electricity to produce—cheaper than anything else— in both Germany and in the United Kingdom. It is a powerful industry in States such as Colorado and in Wyo-ming, where they have so much wind that they export wind energy to other States. Iowa is probably our leader. Iowa generates nearly 30 percent of its electricity from wind. TPI Composites is a Rhode Island company. It builds composite materials in Warren, RI. They have a facility in Iowa where they manufacture wind turbine blades and, in the last decade, they have man-ufactured 10,000—10,000—wind turbine blades. There had been a Maytag fac-tory in a town called Newton, IA, and the Maytag factory went bust because, of course, we are offshoring jobs to China. But guess what. They came in and started building these wind tur-bines. They are really too big to ship from China, so it has been a boom in-dustry. It has put little Newton back on its feet. 
If we don’t pass the wind production 
tax credit, then States such as Wyo-ming and Colorado and Iowa that de-pend on this are really going to be hurt. This is bipartisan in these States. I don’t know why the fossil fuel indus-try primarily runs its mischief through the Republican Party here in Congress, but it doesn’t work in Iowa. In Iowa, a year ago, the Iowa State Senate unani-mously passed a resolution supporting extension of the production tax cred-it—unanimously. 
So we have a really strong case to 
make that this is the technology of the future. We have a fairness case to make that the great big brutal fossil fuel lob-byist organization shouldn’t be allowed to hold on to all of its subsidies—de-pending on how we measure, they are measuring into the hundreds of billions of dollars—and, at the same time, try to squash poor little wind when it wants to get some subsidies in order to compete with this massive and malevo-lent incumbent. 
Then I think we have the practical 
politics of this, which is that in State after State after State, wind has be-come real enough that it is going to be very hard for some of our colleagues on the Republican side to go home and say to their home State industry: Sorry, we put you under the bus. We put you under the bus. We protected your com-petitors in oil and gas; we absolutely would never touch them. We protected them. They are sacrosanct on our side. 
But we put you under the bus. That is going to be a little hard to explain. 
So I very much hope that as we come 
together and pull together the con-tinuing resolution or the omnibus— that avoids, I pray, another shutdown and that puts our country on a sensible budgetary footing going forward—this tax credit is a part of it, because we need these jobs. People are working in Rhode Island, and I will tell my col-leagues this: When you are building a giant, enormous, big frame offshore, you are paying good wages. You are paying good wages to the people who operate the barges. You are paying good wages to the ironworkers, the steelworkers, and the electrical work-ers. You are paying good wages to the stevedores who are helping to load it up. These are really strong economic businesses, and we want to support them. 
With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak on the issue of the fiscal year 2016 Energy and Water Development appropriations bill—the bill that, in fact, is now before the Senate. 
We just voted at 2 o’clock this after-
noon on the NDAA, the National De-fense Authorization Act. That is very important because we need to pass that legislation for our military. In fact, we did, and we passed it with 70 votes. That is incredibly important because the President has threatened a veto on the National Defense Authorization Act. 
This is legislation that has passed 
the House, and now it has passed the Senate and it is going to the President. If he vetoes it, we have to have the votes to override because we have to get that legislation done for our men and women in uniform. Not only, as I spoke earlier on the floor, is it about making sure we are doing our job on behalf of our military but also on be-half of our Nation’s defense. 
The other thing I mentioned in re-
gard to that legislation is we also need to pass the companion bill, which is the Defense appropriations bill. So very soon we will be taking up the De-fense appropriations bill, which is the funding that goes with the National Defense Authorization Act. We author-ize those military programs and then we have to fund them. That is why the Department of the Defense appropria-tions bill has to be passed along with the Defense Authorization Act in order to get the job done for our military. I make that point because until we have done both of those things, we have not funded the military the way we need 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.055 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7205 October 7, 2015 
to. I make that point as part of a big-
ger point and that is this: The Appro-priations Committee, of which I am a member, has passed all 12 appropria-tions bills out of committee, and they are awaiting action on the floor of the Senate. Those bills have been passed with strong bipartisan votes. Instead of having each and every one of those bills filibustered, we need to take those bills up and debate those bills. People should offer the amendments they have, we can debate those amend-ments, and then we can vote. That is our job. That is how the Senate works. That is what the people of this great country send us to do. That is the work 
of the Senate. That is regular order. 
As we talk about authorizing pro-
grams for men and women in uniform, we also have to pass the Defense appro-priations bill. That will be coming be-fore this Senate. I make that point be-cause what we have been facing is a fil-ibuster of all these appropriations bills. We will have another test. We will have another test now this week, and this is on the Energy and Water Development appropriations bill. This is energy, Corps of Engineers, vital fundamental infrastructure for this great country. So we will see if our colleagues will join us. Can we join together in a bi-partisan way and advance through this appropriations bill, have the debate, offer the amendments, and get this work done? I hope the answer to that is yes. We will find out over the course of today and tomorrow if our colleagues would join together and get this work done for the American people and then on we go. 
We may have to deal with a Presi-
dential veto on the National Defense Authorization Act. If so, let’s do so. Let’s do so in a bipartisan way. Then let’s take up the appropriations bill that goes with that Defense authoriza-tion. Let’s make sure all 12 of these bills, all of these appropriations bills are brought to this floor, people have their opportunity for the debate, peo-ple can offer their amendments, and we will have our votes. If something can get 60 votes, it passes. That is the work of the Senate. That is the work of the Senate. If it is not done, the reason it will not be done is because there will be an ongoing filibuster. It is very im-portant that the American people un-derstand that because this is the work of the Senate, this is the work of the Congress, and we need to be clear about whether we are getting that work done or whether we continue to face a fili-buster that does not allow us to bring this legislation forward to debate it in an open, transparent debate. Put it out there in front of the American people, make the argument, offer the amend-ments, and vote. That is how it is done. That is how it is done in this democ-racy. That is how it is done in this Sen-ate. 
So I rise to talk about the merits of 
the Energy and Water Development ap-propriations bill. This measure appro-priates funding for the U.S. Depart-ment of Energy, including national nu-
clear security and energy research and development, as well as critical infra-structure projects administered by the Corps of Engineers and the Bureau of Reclamation. The Senate Appropria-tions Committee approved this bill in May. I am a member not only of this Appropriations Committee but this subcommittee, and we voted out of committee 26 to 4. So there are 30 members on the full Appropriations Committee, Republicans and Demo-crats, and by a vote of 26 to 4 we voted in favor of this legislation. That is about as bipartisan as it gets. It was supported by all of the Republican members of the committee and 10 of the Democratic members. 
As a member of the Senate Appro-
priations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, I thank Chairman A
LEXANDER and Ranking Member F EIN-
STEIN . They have crafted a bipartisan 
bill within our budget framework that balances our energy priorities and our national security preparedness. 
I also commend Senate Appropria-
tions Chairman C
OCHRAN and Ranking 
Member M IKULSKI . They brought the 
measure up in regular order, allowing amendments and debate, and they ad-vanced this bill, as I said, with a very strong bipartisan 26-to-4 vote. The fact is, this is the first time in 6 years the Appropriations Committee has passed all 12 appropriations bills. All 12 have been passed in a bipartisan manner, awaiting action on the floor. 
As I said, this legislation is within 
the budget guidelines. The Senate En-ergy and Water bill includes $35.4 bil-lion in overall funding, which is $1.2 billion more than last year’s funding level. 
The Energy Department’s nuclear se-
curity program is funded at $12.3 bil-lion, which is $856 million more than last year. The Department of Energy programs receive an additional $270 million. This is important because our Nation has significant infrastructure needs, and that is what we are address-ing, basic infrastructure needs of this kind. The longer we wait to improve America’s infrastructure, particularly our waterways, the higher the cost will be. So it is very important that we get this legislation moving. 
One of the ways we can cost-effec-
tively improve the Nation’s infrastruc-ture is by using public-private partner-ships, P3s, to fund water projects. I worked closely with Senator A
LEX-
ANDER , the chairman of the Energy and 
Water Development Subcommittee to include support for P3-style projects in this legislation. 
I see that our chairman has joined 
us. Again, I commend him for not only the overall legislation but for his sup-port for the P3s, public-private part-nerships. By leveraging the resources of the private sector, we can accelerate construction and reduce overall project costs. This creates a win for citizens who benefit from the project and a win for taxpayers who save money on projects that are constructed on a 
more cost-effective basis. I look for-ward to passing this legislation so we can advance this P3 concept. 
In fact, we have a project in Fargo, 
ND, that is perfectly suited for this type of approach. A P3 project can save the government hundreds of millions of dollars in construction costs, but we need to get this legislation passed so the Corps has the ability to start these types of projects and get them con-structed for our country. 
I am also pleased the legislation per-
mits the Army Corps of Engineers to get a handful of new feasibility studies. Mother Nature doesn’t wait on the Senate or Congress, so we have to keep looking at areas where we need to up-grade infrastructure and respond to things as they occur; for example, some of the recent events, as the Presiding 
Officer knows, which occurred in Colo-rado, the Animas River. One area I am very familiar with that needs better protection is Minot, ND, where we had a devastating flood in 2011. We need to do a feasibility study to determine how best to make sure that flood protection is put in place. 
Finally, I am strongly supporting 
funding included in the legislation for 
improvements to water infrastructure across this country. Whether it is our ports or whether it is large or small, this is basic infrastructure we need for quality of life in this country. This is a long-term investment for the future of our country, the quality of life, the welfare of our people, and the ability to grow our economy. 
Let me touch on a couple of areas be-
fore I turn over the floor to our chair-man. In addition to the Corps of Engi-neers, this legislation provides funding for the National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration, the agency that develops and maintains the Nation’s nuclear warheads. NNSA relies on the funding provided every year in the Energy and Water bill to preserve the Nation’s nu-clear deterrents. It is critical that this legislation moves forward. I am par-ticularly pleased the legislation meets the fiscal year 2016 budget request for funds needed to refurbish the W80 war-head, which is the warhead that goes on our nuclear cruise missiles. 
The W80 warhead is aging and needs 
to be refurbished so it can move to the new cruise missile being developed by the Air Force. The W80 is critical to the air leg of the Nation’s nuclear triad. I am glad this legislation pro-vides the funding to help keep our triad intact and in fact modernized. 
The bill also makes advances in our 
energy security priorities. It increases funding for the Energy Department’s energy research and development, which will help provide the research for technologies that will advance coal, natural gas, oil, and other fossil energy resources and innovations. This is im-portant in order to pursue a true ‘‘all of the above’’ energy policy that en-ables our country to produce both tra-ditional and renewable energy with better environmental stewardship. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.057 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7206 October 7, 2015 
The bill also provides support for the 
coal Advanced Energy Systems Pro-gram to research the efficiency of coal- based power systems and enabling af-fordable, commercially viable CO
2cap-
ture technologies. 
It continues funding for many other 
research and development programs that will strengthen our energy future, not only by enabling us to produce en-ergy more cost-effectively and more dependably but also with better envi-ronmental stewardship. 
I will start to wrap up and turn the 
floor over to our esteemed colleague from the other side of the aisle and the outstanding Senators who are members of the committee who are here and looking to speak in support of this very important legislation, but I want to finish on the aspect I started on ear-lier. 
We have passed all 12 appropriations 
bills out of committee. This is the fun-damental work of the Senate, making sure we fund the government, we fund the enterprise we are talking about, and we do so within the budget that was duly and properly passed by this Senate and by this House—by the Con-gress. This is the work we need to do. That means we have to proceed to these bills, that we have to offer the opportunity for debate, the oppor-tunity for amendments, debate those amendments, and vote. That is our job. That is our responsibility. That is how we get the work done for the American people who sent us to do just that. 
This is good legislation. These bills 
were passed with bipartisan support. As I said in the case of this bill, 26 in favor, only 4 opposed. Let’s get going. Let’s get the work done we were sent to do. 
With that, Mr. President, I yield the 
floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). 
The Senator from Michigan. 
WISCONSIN -LAKE MICHIGAN NATIONAL MARINE  
SANCTUARY  
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, this 
week I was pleased to hear some good news about a very special place in the Great Lakes. On the bottom of Lake Michigan, right off the shores of Wis-consin, lies an incredible collection of shipwrecks. People across the Great Lakes region, especially in Wisconsin but also in my home State of Michigan and elsewhere, recognize that this stretch of Lake Michigan is a national treasure because of its historical sig-nificance and its great beauty. 
Through a bottom-up community- 
driven process, many people teamed up to put together a proposal to protect this area as a National Marine Sanc-tuary. The Obama administration lis-tened, and this week they announced they will be moving forward to estab-lish a Wisconsin-Lake Michigan Na-tional Marine Sanctuary. 
A National Marine Sanctuary des-
ignation, as Michiganders know from firsthand experience, helps to improve access and resources for special mari-time places in order to enhance visitor access and preserve irreplaceable re-
sources for future generations. 
The Wisconsin-Lake Michigan sanc-
tuary proposal would preserve an 875- square-mile area of Lake Michigan with waters extending from Port Wash-ington to Two Rivers. As Michiganders watch a pure Michigan sunset over Lake Michigan on beaches from Ludington south to Muskegon, the Sun would set over the new sanctuary di-rectly across the lake. The new sanc-tuary has 29 known shipwrecks, 15 of which are listed in the National Reg-istry of Historic Places, with many of those wrecks almost completely in-tact—a very rare occurrence. Research shows the proposed sanctuary includes 123 reported vessel losses, so there are many more wrecks to discover in these waters. 
Local community leaders in Wis-
consin deserve much of the credit for building the support needed to move this proposal forward, but it would not have made it to this point without the tireless work of my friend and col-league Senator B
ALDWIN of Wisconsin. 
In 2013, Senator B ALDWIN urged the 
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration, or NOAA, to reopen the public nomination process for the first time in 20 years, and she continues to advocate for additional funding for na-tional marine sanctuaries through her role on the Senate Appropriations Committee. 
Earlier this year, I was pleased to in-
troduce a bill with Senator B
ALDWIN  
and my good friend Senator S TABENOW  
called the Great Lakes Maritime Herit-age Assessment Act, which would re-quire NOAA to review maritime herit-age resources in the Great Lakes and suggest areas worthy of designation. 
In addition, I teamed up with Sen-
ator B
ALDWIN to introduce the Water-
front Community Revitalization and Resiliency Act, which can work hand in hand with marine sanctuaries to boost the local economies of waterfront communities across the Great Lakes and the country. The bill would im-prove areas along the water to increase access to public space, grow business development, and create a new vision for waterfronts that can boost tourism, recreation, and small business. 
The administration also identified 
another new potential sanctuary, the Mallows Bay—Potomac River National Marine Sanctuary, which is a 14- square-mile stretch of the tidal Poto-mac River with the largest ‘‘ghost fleet’’ of World War I wooden steam-ship wrecks and one of the most eco-logically valuable waterscapes and landscapes in Maryland. 
These two sanctuary proposals, if fi-
nalized, would be the first sanctuaries established since 2000 and would be just the 15th and 16th additions to the na-tional marine sanctuaries network. The last addition to the network was in 2000, and that was Michigan’s very own Thunder Bay National Marine Sanctuary and Underwater Preserve, located in Lake Huron, with the main NOAA office based in the great city of 
Alpena. The Thunder Bay sanctuary is a remarkable maritime treasure. It is known as Shipwreck Alley. Through-out history, it has been one of the most highly traveled and dangerous parts of the Great Lakes system. Nearly 100 shipwrecks have been discovered with-in the sanctuary, with a wide range of vessel types that makes the collection nationally significant. 
The cold, clean, fresh water of the 
Great Lakes keeps shipwrecks in excel-lent condition, and the archaeological research that is conducted at Thunder Bay is world class. 
Pictured here is the helm of the F.T. 
Barney, a two-masted schooner located at a depth of 160 feet near Rogers City. On October 23, 1868, the F.T. Barney was en route from Cleveland to Mil-waukee with a cargo of coal when it was run into by the schooner T.J. Bronson. The ship sank in less than 2 minutes in very deep water. The wreck is one of the most complete you will find anywhere, with masts and deck equipment still in place. 
Another impressive wreck, lying at a 
depth of only 18 feet near Alpena, is the wooden steam barge Monohansett. On November 23 of 1907, the ship burned at the water’s edge at Thunder Bay Is-land. Today, the Monohansett’s wreck lies in three sections. The stern portion has hull features, propeller, and shaft all in place, and the boiler is nearby. 
You can still go up to Alpena and 
take a glass-bottom boat to tour these wrecks and see the crystal waters of Lake Huron, and you can even snorkel or scuba dive amongst some of the most well-preserved ships. It is truly a one-of-a-kind and once-in-a-lifetime experience. 
Not only is Thunder Bay the only 
freshwater marine sanctuary among the 14 marine-protected areas—at least until these two new proposals—but it is unique in that it is also a State under-water preserve. It is jointly managed by NOAA and the State of Michigan. A joint management committee makes major policy, budget, and management decisions, and an advisory council rep-resents the community’s interests. It is part of the local community up north, and it is refreshing to see local, State, and Federal officials all working to-gether to protect a national treasure. 
The Thunder Bay sanctuary is a 
major tourist draw and economic driv-er for the area, and the Great Lakes Maritime Heritage Center in Alpena attracts out-of-State visitors and edu-cates school groups. 
Over the last decade or so, the bene-
fits of preserving Thunder Bay were widely recognized, and a process was set in motion to expand the boundaries of the sanctuary. In September of 2014, after holding many meetings and com-pleting a thorough environmental im-pact statement, Thunder Bay was ex-panded from 448 square miles to 4,300 square miles, driven by strong public and congressional support. This map shows the original boundaries and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.058 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7207 October 7, 2015 
new expanded boundaries. The process 
was successful in part because of the work of Senator S
TABENOW , and, of 
course, my predecessor, Senator Carl Levin, who was a champion for the Great Lakes every day of his long serv-ice here in the Senate. 
As we move forward to protect the 
Great Lakes and other valuable marine resources in the Great Lakes and across the country, we must devote ro-bust resources to these deserving places. Many agencies, including NOAA, are operating on shoestring budgets. While their work is impressive as they stretch their funding, the bene-fits these designations bring to com-munities such as Alpena and the sur-
rounding area are sustainable and pro-vide a foundation for the local econ-omy. 
As a member of the Commerce, 
Science, and Transportation Com-mittee, with jurisdiction over NOAA and the National Marine Sanctuary System, I am committed to working every day on protecting the Great Lakes and the fantastic waters and ma-rine places within the boundaries of the United States of America. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa. 
EB–5 REGIONAL CENTER INVESTMENT PROGRAM  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, there 
is an immigration program that is out of control and not conforming to the reason the program was put into effect in the first place. It needs to be re-formed or it needs to be eliminated. So I come to the floor to talk about this immigration program known as the EB–5 regional center investment pro-gram and the serious concerns I have about continuing this program without reforms. The program was just ex-tended in the continuing resolution to keep the government funded, but I want to talk about changes that need to be made before and if it is extended again. 
The EB–5 program was created in 
1990. A foreign national under this pro-gram can invest $1 million in a new commercial enterprise that creates 10 full-time jobs, and then, in turn, that person receives lawful permanent resi-dence and then, if they want to, citi-zenship. The required investment amount is only $500,000 if the invest-ment is made in what is called a tar-geted employment area, defined to be a rural area or an area with high unem-ployment. The EB–5 program allows in-vestors to pool their investments for a project, and they can meet the job-cre-ation requirements by providing evi-dence of not direct jobs but evidence of indirect jobs. 
In previous speeches on the floor, I 
have talked about the national secu-rity and integrity issues associated with the program. I have detailed the risks, and I have expressed concern about the lack of oversight by the ad-ministration. Today, I will focus on one particular abuse of the program and how this program does not fulfill the intent of the law passed in 1990. Perhaps the greatest violation of 
congressional intent that has evolved over the years is the manner in which so much of the investment money com-ing into targeted employment areas has been directed toward lavish—and I mean lavish—building projects in well- to-do urban areas, not in the areas of high unemployment and not in rural areas, as the 1990 law implied. Four- star hotels and commercial office buildings are being built with foreign investment dollars in very affluent urban neighborhoods rather than the high-unemployment and rural areas which Congress intended to benefit. This has been done by gerrymandering the boundaries of the targeted employ-ment areas to include at one end the affluent census tract in which the building project is located and at the other end, perhaps many miles away, a census tract with high unemployment. 
In other words, the word ‘‘gerry-
mandering’’ is the word that is used in forming some congressional districts 
that are very strangely arranged so somebody can be reelected to office. The same approach is being used here to form a targeted employment area to get all of this money into urban areas that are very affluent. 
One of the most notorious examples 
of this gerrymandering, to push the boundaries, is the Hudson Yards project, a group of luxury apartment buildings and office towers in Midtown Manhattan—in midtown Manhattan, meaning New York. 
Even the Wall Street Journal, which 
never met a business project it did not like, reported on how this program has been abused. The Wall Street Journal explained how the Hudson Yards project qualifies for the lower invest-ment threshold despite the affluent Midtown location of the project be-cause the boundaries of the targeted employment area were manipulated— or let me say gerrymandered—to in-clude a public housing project in Upper Manhattan. 
Another project that flies in the face 
of congressional intent—meaning the intent of the 1990 law—is located in Lower Manhattan near Wall Street. As the New York Times reported, the Bat-tery Maritime Building has been classi-fied as being located in a targeted em-ployment area based on a gerry-mandered area that ‘‘snakes up through the Lower East Side, skirting the wealthy enclaves of Battery Park City and TriBeCa, and then jumps across the East River to annex the Far-ragut Houses project in Brooklyn.’’ In other words, the developers did every-thing they could to include the Far-ragut Houses project, which is a public housing community, to come in at the lower investment level. The New York Times went on to say that ‘‘the small census tract that contains the Far-ragut Houses has become a go-to-area for developers seeking to use the visa program: its unemployed residents have been counted towards three projects already.’’ That is the New York Times. Watchdog.org, a national watchdog 
group that has followed abuses of the program closely over many years, has also identified another problematic, gerrymandered targeted employment area. They reported that a 21-story res-idential building project, which in-cluded trendy restaurants and shops, was built with foreign investments de-spite its location in an upscale neigh-borhood with only 0.8 percent unem-ployment. 
These are just a few examples, yet 
they point to a clear problem with this program. 
When it was created by Congress, we 
set two different investment levels and clearly tried to steer foreign capital to high-unemployment and rural areas. Obviously, I am showing you that has not been fulfilled by the way this pro-gram has finally evolved. 
The Wall Street Journal reports that 
at least 80 percent of program money is going to projects that wouldn’t qualify as being in targeted employment areas without ‘‘some form of gerry-mandering.’’ Meanwhile, the article adds, people wanting to raise money for projects in rural areas and low-in-come parts of cities say they find it in-creasingly hard to compete. 
Even the Washington Post has be-
come fed up with the way in which the intent of Congress has been violated. In a September 6 editorial, after dis-cussing the program’s numerous eco-nomic and integrity failings and sug-gesting that the program lapse, the Post writes: ‘‘The EB–5 program is sup-posed to favor distressed economic areas, but the definition of a needy zone has been stretched to include nearly the whole country, including hot downtown real estate markets.’’ 
I wish to end by saying, again, that 
the program is in need of reform. In June, Senator L
EAHY and I introduced 
S. 1501, a bill that would substantially reform the program by improving pro-gram oversight, addressing national se-curity vulnerabilities and restoring the program to its original intent. I hope my colleagues will look at this very bi-partisan bill and will take an oppor-tunity to understand how this program is being used and abused and review the proposal that Senator L
EAHY and I 
have put out there. 
Mr. President, I refer my colleagues 
to the Wall Street Journal article ‘‘U.S. Visa For Cash Plan Funds Lux-ury Towers—Program to spur jobs in poor areas supports projects in well-off neighborhoods,’’ dated September 10, 2015, by Eliot Brown; the Watchdog.org article ‘‘Upscale Dallas project cashes in on EB–5 visa program,’’ dated Sep-tember 24, 2015, by Kenric Ward; an ar-ticle from the Washington Post ‘‘It’s time for the corporate visa giveaway to go away,’’ dated September 6, 2015; and the New York Times article ‘‘Rules 
Stretched as Green Cards Go to Inves-tors,’’ dated December 18, 2011, by Pat-rick McGeehan. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arkansas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.059 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7208 October 7, 2015 
ARKANSAS AND 25TH ANNIVERSARY OF NATIONAL  
RICE MONTH  
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, the 
rare blend of soil type, environment, and availability of water make Arkan-sas an ideal location for rice to thrive and grow, making Arkansas the Na-tion’s largest producer of rice. 
Last year, production in the Natural 
State accounted for more than 50 per-cent of rice produced in the country. Farmers in more than half of Arkan-
sas’ counties grow rice; 96 percent of those are family owned and operated. 
As the No. 1 producer of this crop, 
Arkansas has a unique role in the in-dustry. That is why I am proud to rec-ognize the 25th anniversary of National Rice Month. I am also proud to pro-mote policies that enable our farmers to manage risk and ensure that high- quality U.S. rice remains a staple on tables throughout the globe. 
This industry is not only contrib-
uting to a nutritious and balanced diet, it is also an economic engine. Arkan-sas, Mississippi, Louisiana, Missouri, California, and Texas all produce rice. Nationwide, this industry accounts for 125,000 jobs and contributes more than $34 billion to the economy. In Arkan-sas, it accounts for more than 25,000 jobs. The rice industry stands to ben-efit from a change in policies toward Cuba because it is a staple of the Cuban diet. 
The U.S. Department of Agriculture 
estimates that U.S. rice exports could increase up to $365 million per year if financing and travel restrictions were lifted. Arkansas’s agriculture secretary recently said that the economic impact on the Natural State’s rice industry could be about $30 million. Rice pro-duction is efficient. More rice is being produced on less land, using less water and energy than 20 years ago. As great stewards of the land, rice farmers are committed to protecting and pre-serving our natural resources. 
Arkansas’ location on the Mississippi 
Flyway makes it a duck-hunting cap-ital of the world and draws hunters from around the globe. 
I am proud to support our rice indus-
try and celebrate 25 years of recog-nizing National Rice Month. 
I yield back the remainder of my 
time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
thank the Democratic Senators for their courtesy. We are running a little behind, and they have allowed me to go on and make my remarks. 
I ask the Chair to let me know when 
12 minutes have expired of my 15 min-utes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator will be so notified. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, to-
morrow we will be voting on the En-ergy and Water Development appro-priations bill. I come to the floor to make two points about that very im-portant legislation. 
No. 1: if our Democratic friends 
would allow us to vote on it, allow us to debate it, amend it, pass it, send it 
to the President, and do the same with the other 11 appropriations bills that our Appropriations Committee has re-ported, we could easily say that this year in the Senate is one of the most productive years in a long, long time. 
No. 2: the other point I wish to make 
is the importance of this bill. Ben Bernanke, the retired Chairman of the Federal Reserve Board wrote an article in the Wall Street Journal this week in which he said that you cannot rely on the Federal Reserve Board to create jobs in a growth economy in the United States, and that what you need to do is have better educational opportunities, more research, and you need supercom-puting. I would add to this that you need to have infrastructure. This bill, the Energy and Water bill, has all of those things. It is a pro-growth bill for the United States of America. 
Let me take the first point first. This 
is the first time in 6 years that the Ap-propriations Committee has reported all 12 appropriations bills. You might find that unusual because that is the Appropriations Committee’s basic job. As much as it is for the Grand Ole Opry to sing, our job is to pass appropria-tions bills. That is article I of the Con-stitution. It is the first time in 6 years. The bills are all sitting there waiting. Most of them passed in a bipartisan way. 
The one that we are bringing to the 
floor tomorrow passed 26 to 4 on May 2. Senator F
EINSTEIN and I worked on it 
with most of the Members of this body. It is a very good bill, passed in a bipar-tisan way. 
What would usually happen in a prop-
erly functioning Senate is that we would spend the two months of June and July dealing with those 12 appro-priations bills. That would mean that not just the members of the Appropria-tions Committee would have a chance to vote on them. It would mean that the Senator from Utah, who is not on the Appropriations Committee, would have a chance to make his points about the appropriations bills, which is part of his job here, yet he is shut out of 
that. 
Why? Because Democrats say: We 
won’t even let you bring them to the floor. 
It is an extraordinary thing to do. But despite that, I want you to know 
what this body has accomplished. In the last 7 months or 8 months we passed the Keystone Pipeline. The President vetoed it. We overruled the ambush elections rule from the NLRB, and the President vetoed it. 
But listen to all the things we ac-
complished with the cooperation of Democrats on the other side of the aisle. Then, as I said, if we could add the appropriations bills, we would have the most productive Senate in many, many years. There is the trade author-ity law. It passed, and it is law. 
We fixed No Child Left Behind, and 
we ended the common core mandate. 
We reversed the trend of the national 
school board, and we did it with 81 votes in the Senate. It was a bipartisan 
bill. 
We passed a long-term highway bill 
after we had 34 short-term highway bills. 
There was a permanent fix of what 
we call the doc fix—the way we pay doctors for Medicare payments. A long- term permanent solution passed this body. It is now the law after 17 short- term fixes. This law changed the way we pay for doctors so that we pay them more for quality rather than fee-for- service. 
We have dealt with what happens 
when a terrorist calls from Afghani-stan to Nashville on the phone. That is the USA FREEDOM Act. It is now the law. 
We passed the Defense authorization 
bill, terrorism risk insurance, and the Iran review act. Waiting in the wings is the chemical safety bill, which has bi-partisan support, and—believe this—it is 39 years since it has last been touched. And there is a cybersecurity bill right after that. 
That is an impressive list of accom-
plishments for this Senate. Think of what we could say if we had spent June and July, as we should have, debating the appropriations bills. 
Now let’s move to the Energy and 
Water appropriations bill. On May 21, it was approved by the Appropriations Committee. The Senator from Cali-fornia, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , and I rec-
ommended it, and 26 Senators voted for it and 4 voted against it. It stays with-in the law. The law that we passed and the President signed tells us what we have to spend. 
Yet Democrats said: Well, we are not 
going to let you bring it to the floor because we think you should spend more than that. 
Well, maybe we should, but the law 
says we should spend what we spent. So we followed the law. 
When you block our bill and don’t 
allow it to be brought to the floor, what do you do? You cut 70 Senators out of having a say on the Energy and Water appropriations bill. And what does that mean? They don’t have a say over it. They don’t have a say over nu-clear weapons. 
Half of our bill is about national de-
fense. Are we properly funding nuclear weapons? They don’t have a say over National Laboratories, the laboratories where we are inventing new ways to manufacture that will help grow jobs. They don’t have a say over how much money we are going to spend on the Missouri River floods. They don’t have a say over how much money we are going to spend on the locks and the dams that we have. The Panama Canal is widening, and if we don’t deepen our harbors, the ships are going to go to Cuba. So we want them to go to Savan-nah, Mobile, and to other places like that. 
They don’t have a say over nuclear 
waste. Where do we put nuclear waste? So the Democrats, by blocking the bill from coming to the floor, have cut 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.072 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7209 October 7, 2015 
their own Members out of having a say 
about this. Half of the Energy and Water bill funds national defense ac-tivities, and the other half of it funds other essential non-defense items. And all the Democrats asked for was 3 per-cent more funding than what we’re al-ready spending in the bill. 
What I said in the Appropriations 
Committee was this: You know, this is really a pretty good way to budget. Let’s appropriate it as if we had 97 per-cent of what you want, and if we get 3 percent more in the discussion at the end of the year, then we will add it. That shouldn’t be hard to do. We could do it in 24 hours. 
The way the Senate is supposed to 
work is the Energy and Water bill is supposed to come to the floor. We are supposed to debate it, we are supposed to amend it, and we are supposed to send it to the President. If he doesn’t like it, he can veto it and send it back. That is what should happen. 
If Senators don’t like the bill now, 
they can block it. They can vote against it after we amend it. They can vote against it after we conference with the House. That takes 60 votes too. If the President vetoes it, it takes 67 votes to override the President’s veto. 
My friends on the other side said: 
Well, that takes too much time. 
What do you mean it takes too much 
time? That is what we are here to do. We are elected to have a say on these issues. This is $1 trillion in funding for the national defense of the United States of America and for its essential services—locks, dams, national labora-tories, and where we put the nuclear waste—and the Democrats are saying: We don’t even want to vote on the ap-propriations bills. We don’t even want to have a say about them. We don’t even want to send them to the Presi-dent for him to consider. 
Let’s take an example. The bill in-
cludes funding for inland waterways. Those are the avenues that carry the commerce that creates the jobs in America. They need to be in good shape. We have agreed on that in a bi-partisan way. We have even asked the barge owners to pay more to go through the locks, to which they have agreed, and our bill matches what the barge owners are paying and increases the funding for inland waterways in Kentucky—Olmsted Locks and Dams, and Kentucky Lock—and Chickamauga Lock in Tennessee. 
It also provides $1.254 billion from 
the harbor maintenance trust fund. That means we will be spending more to deepen harbors in Savannah, Charleston, Texas, Memphis, Jackson-ville, Mobile, and Louisiana, in Pascagoula, Big Sandy Harbor, Cleve-land Harbor, Anchorage Harbor, and Wilmington Harbor. Do Senators not want to have a say about that? Do you not want to support that or oppose that if you think it is too much? 
What about the National Labora-
tories? The National Laboratories are the source of the research that pro-
duces the jobs that gives us our family incomes. One of them is in Tennessee, the Oak Ridge National Laboratory. I was there the other day. They have a new thing called additive manufac-turing, where they are 3–D printing automobiles. Let me say that again: 3– D printing automobiles or parts of automobiles. It may revolutionize manufacturing in America and the world as much as unconventional gas and oil has revolutionized our national energy policy. 
Do other Senators—the other 70 who 
are not on the Appropriations Com-mittee—not want to have a say about how much we spend on our National Laboratories? 
What about how much we spend for 
nuclear weapons? We had a big debate in this body over the proper level of spending for nuclear weapons. We had a big debate over something called the START treaty, which regulated the weapons that we were getting rid of. We agreed at the time that we would spend a certain amount of money to make sure we could defend the coun-try. Do Senators not want to have a say about that? 
So why do we not pass appropriations 
bills that were ready in May, debate them in a day or two, and send them to the President? If the President doesn’t like them, under the Constitution he can veto them and send them back. 
If we are spending 97 percent of what 
he thinks he should spend and he wants to veto it for that reason and then send it back to us and if we decide after ne-gotiations to spend 3 percent more, we can add 3 percent in 24 hours, send it back to him, and that is the end of the result. 
This is not the way the Senate is sup-
posed to operate. 
I hope that my friends on the Demo-
cratic side will recognize that they would like to have a say in our nuclear weapons policy, and that they would like to have a say in how much we spend on our National Laboratories. 
This bill has a record level of funding 
for the Office of Science—as written, the highest ever in this bill. You don’t want to vote on that? You don’t want to support that? You want to cut that? You want to stop that? 
I don’t want to stop it. I want us to 
support research. I want to support our national laboratories. I want to sup-port national defense. I want deeper harbors all around our coast. I want in-land waterways that aren’t broken down. I want us to move ahead in this country. 
This bill is a pro-growth national de-
fense bill. It came out of the Com-mittee on Appropriations with 26 votes for it, 4 votes against it. Senator F
EIN-
STEIN and I worked with almost every 
Senator in this body for it. Why should we not consider an appropriations bill that has that kind of support? 
Now, if we get on that path every 
time we change majorities here—let’s say the Democrats win the next elec-tion and Republicans say: Well, look at 
what you did to us in the last election. We are going to block all your appro-priations bills because we would like to spend less. We won’t ever do any appro-priations bills again in the Senate be-cause one body or the other blocks the amount of money. We are supposed to vote on that. 
In the last Congress the Democrats 
were in control, and they wouldn’t bring the appropriations bills to the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator has consumed 12 minutes. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I thank the Chair. 
I will conclude within the next 3 min-utes, and I thank my Democratic friends for their courtesy. 
In the last Congress, when Democrats 
had the majority and Republicans had the minority, the Committee on Appro-priations completed its work in a bi-partisan way on most bills, but the ma-jority wouldn’t bring the bills to the floor last year. Or when it did, it wouldn’t let the Republicans offer amendments to it. They were afraid Senators might have their say. 
This year we are in the majority for 
the first time in 6 years. In a bipar-tisan way we produced 12 appropria-tions bills out of 12. We would like to bring them to the floor, but they are saying no. We are not even going to vote on them. We are not even going to amend them. We are not even going to debate, even though if they do not like the bill at the end of that process, they can kill it with 60 votes. They can kill it after it comes out of conference with 60 votes. And if the President vetoes it, it can take 60 votes to override. 
We don’t have time to do appropria-
tions bills here? Traditionally, we have always consumed June and July for the 12 appropriations bills. Previous Con-gresses have had time to do it. We should have time to do it. 
Let me conclude where I started. 
This has been a very productive Sen-ate. Most of that work has been be-cause of bipartisan cooperation, wheth-er it was the trade bill, the bill to fix No Child Left Behind, the highway bill, the doc fix—paying doctors for quality instead of fees—the USA Freedom Act, the Defense Authorization Act, the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act, or the Iran review act. And we have chemical safety and cybersecurity waiting. That is all the result of cooperation between Democrats and Republicans. Why can we not do that on appropriations bills, which is our most basic responsibility? 
We did it in committee. I couldn’t 
have a better person to work with than Senator F
EINSTEIN . That vote was 26 to 
4. It involves our national defense, it involves our growth, and it involves our security. I would hope every Sen-ator would want to have a say on those issues tomorrow when we vote. So I hope they will vote yes on the Energy and Water bill tomorrow—yes to con-sidering it; and then after we have con-sidered it and debated it, we can send it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.074 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7210 October 7, 2015 
over to the House, come up with a con-
ference, and we can see what they think. 
That is the way the Senate ought to 
work. I am eager to see the Senate get back to that, and I think the American people are as well. 
I thank the Chair and my colleagues 
for their courtesy, and I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
LAND AND WATER CONSERVATION FUND  
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I 
come to the floor tonight to talk about something I would like to see done in the United States Senate—passage of reauthorization of the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
Definitely the Senate and Congress 
have disappointed us in not passing the Export-Import Bank reauthorization— which is something I am a big pro-ponent of. And now, here we are with the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
For the first time in 51 years since 
this program was created, it has ex-pired. 
My colleagues are here on the floor 
to join me—I thank the Senator from Montana and the Senator from New Mexico—to talk about why this is such a vital program to all of our States and why we should have it reauthorized im-mediately. 
The bill creating the Land and Water 
Conservation Fund was championed by Senator Scoop Jackson at the request of then President Kennedy. Why? Be-cause the American population was growing and there was a need for out-door recreation, open space, and public lands. 
The Land and Water Conservation 
Fund was created to help protect some of our most popular national parks, forests, public lands, and iconic places. 
For me, this is an incredibly impor-
tant program because it has provided opportunities for hunting, fishing, hik-ing and other recreational uses that so many people use when traveling to the Pacific Northwest for vacation or for their livelihood. 
Those of us who are from States with 
large amounts of public lands recognize the importance of outdoor recreation. 
Nationwide outdoor recreation sup-
ports more than 6 million jobs. This is an economy in and of itself. In the State of Washington, outdoor recre-ation contributes more than $11.7 bil-lion annually to Washington’s econ-omy. It is clear that protecting our public lands is good for both our envi-ronment and our economy. 
The Land and Water Conservation 
Fund has been credited each year with funds from outer continental shelf oil and gas revenues. The success of that program has helped us authorize and make these investments for the Amer-ican people, as I said, for more than 50 years. 
We are here to remind our colleagues 
that we are going to put up a fight until we get the conservation fund re-authorized. And to make sure that peo-ple in our states and all across the Na-
tion that enjoy public lands have ac-cess to them. 
The issue is important to us, and in 
the energy bill we passed out of the Senate Energy Committee, I worked with my colleague, Senator M
UR-
KOWSKI , on a bipartisan basis to include 
a permanent reauthorization of the LWCF. 
And I was joined by 31 Senators to in-
troduce the American Energy Innova-tion Act that also permanently reau-thorized and fully funded the LWCF. 
So you can see from these two pieces 
of legislation that there was a lot of support from our colleagues for main-taining this vital program that is used by cities, counties, and jurisdictions in my State and in my colleagues’ states and many others across the nation and that it is a vital tool for helping us to thrive in our outdoor economy. We want to see this legislation reauthor-ized as soon as possible. 
I thank my colleagues again from 
New Mexico and Montana again for being here and for their leadership on this issue. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Montana. 
Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I want 
to thank Senators C
ANTWELL and H EIN-
RICH for not giving up on the Land and 
Water Conservation Fund, and I need to point out that while there are three of us Democrats standing here, we speak for our entire caucus. We believe that the LWCF is something that needs to be reauthorized and, quite frankly, needs to be fully funded. 
We are not going to play games with 
this issue. We are working to get this bill passed—not for show, not for poli-tics, but because it is good for our economy. And I will get into that in a second. 
There was a Republican gentleman 
who served in the Presidency of this great country some time ago—Teddy Roosevelt—who called on Americans to cherish our Nation’s vast natural re-sources and to ensure that we safely pass them on to future generations. After all, they are the birthright of every American. That is what the Land and Water Conservation Fund is all about. 
We take special pride in our public 
lands in Montana. They are a part of our way of life. We have just over 1 million people in our great State, but we lead the Nation in the percentage of residents who hunt, fish, hike, and enjoy our public lands. And the Land and Water Conservation Fund is a big reason for that. 
Montana’s outdoor economy brings 
in nearly $6 billion a year. Let me say that again. The outdoor economy, sup-ported by the Land and Water Con-servation Fund, brings in nearly $6 bil-lion a year. 
Last week, when I flew out of Mon-
tana, there were several fishermen who were flying out with me. They didn’t live in Montana. All the money they brought into the State while they were fishing was outside dollars that 
wouldn’t have been there otherwise. They probably used some of the fishing access—some of the 150-plus fishing ac-cess the Land and Water Conservation Fund has helped developed—when they enjoyed the great outdoors in Montana. 
The Land and Water Conservation 
Fund also supports over 60,000 jobs. We talk about economic development all the time. We talk about how if we tweak our Tax Code or if we build this piece of infrastructure or if we make this education program more afford-able, it can have an incredible impact on our economy. But the fact is, if you want to talk about economic develop-ment, if you want to talk about dollars invested for a return, the Land and Water Conservation Fund is an incred-ible investment. 
To help preserve these lands and cre-
ate these accesses, Montana has re-ceived some $540 million from the Land and Water Conservation Fund—money that has been very well spent. Mon-tanans used this Land and Water Con-servation Fund to preserve more than 8,000 acres of elk habitat in Meagher County, known as the Tenderfoot. 
Montanans used the Land and Water 
Conservation Fund to protect some of the most pristine habitat in the lower 48, from conservation easements in the Rocky Mountain Front to acquisitions in the Crown of the Continent. 
While Montanans certainly benefit 
from the fund, there are Land and Water Conservation Fund projects in nearly every county of the United States. Yes, this fund is responsible for protecting prime hunting and fishing, but it is also responsible for building trails and improving parks, play-grounds, and ball fields in every State in the country. That is why Congress must reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund—to protect our best outdoor places and to reestablish this critical tool to build our communities in a way that will make future genera-tions proud. 
With that, Mr. President, if it is ap-
propriate, I would like to ask my good friend from New Mexico a question. 
I thank Senator H
EINRICH for being 
here today. My question is, As he comes from New Mexico, is the Land and Water Conservation Fund some-thing Senator H
EINRICH hears about 
from his residents? 
Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, let me 
thank my colleague from Montana. I think one of the great things about New Mexico and Montana is that we are both from States that absolutely cherish the outdoors, and we have a lot of constituents who care about the ac-tivities that generate so much income from the outdoors. 
Obviously, I hear from an enormous 
number of my constituents asking us to reauthorize and permanently au-thorize the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund—to fund the Land and Water Conservation Fund. In fact, recently there was a letter which was sent to me but was also sent to the chair of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.063 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7211 October 7, 2015 
Energy and Natural Resources Com-
mittee—to the chair and to the rank-ing member, the good Senator from Washington. It was signed by dozens of businesses saying: Hey, this is impor-tant to our bottom line. Please extend the Land and Water Conservation Fund. Please continue to support this bipartisan legacy of standing up for our natural resources in this country. 
My good friend from Montana men-
tioned the scale of what that means in his State, and it is not a dissimilar story in New Mexico. In fact, over $6 billion annually comes from outdoor recreation activities, and 68,000 jobs in our State are directly related to out-door recreation. 
In fact, when I go home this week-
end, we are going to be celebrating the Valles Caldera National Preserve and its management by the National Park Service. That was a property that for decades my constituents could not ac-cess. They could not hunt; they could not fish. It was private property. It was because of the Land and Water Con-servation Fund that this place, which had really been on the radar screen of the National Park Service since the early part of the last century—prob-ably since the 1930s—could come into public ownership and now be one of the true gems in the entire Nation of our public lands. 
We are going to be celebrating that 
with our constituents on Saturday. The Secretary of Interior is coming. There are literally 100,000 acres of some of the most spectacular high-elevation grass-lands and conifer forests and trout streams and elk habitat that we have ever seen, and there are businesses that rely on that. Tourism is an enormous part of our economy in New Mexico. So this is something which has been abso-lutely crucial to our State’s economy, especially in the midst of the last dec-ade and the challenges we have had economically. I know one of the groups who will be there on Saturday are the sportsmen, who care about utilizing the outdoors. 
I would ask my colleague from Mon-
tana if in Montana he hears from peo-ple who hunt and fish, as I do in New Mexico, about the importance this par-ticular legislation has had in pro-tecting habitat and protecting access to the places that regular, blue-collar folks can go to hunt and fish. 
Mr. TESTER. Absolutely. We hear 
from sports men and women nearly every day, if not every day. 
Here is where the problem is, and 
this is why we need to get the Land and Water Conservation Fund authorized and funded—and funded at $900 million, I might add. If you want to go hunting and fishing today in this country, things have changed from the way they were 30 or 40 years ago. You used to be able to access private lands and go hunting and fishing, and you still can, but there are many fewer acres. So the real opportunity to go hunting and fishing in this country is on our public lands, whether those are State or Fed-eral, and this Land and Water Con-
servation Fund allows access to those public lands. 
There are some in this body and 
there are some in this country who don’t think the Federal Government should own one stitch of land. Well, without those opportunities and our outdoor economy, No. 1, our way of life would change forever in States such as Montana, and No. 2, our economy would be severely distressed. 
So, you bet, I hear from sports men 
and women, because when they want to go hunting and fishing, they go to those Federal public lands. That is where the good habitat is that they can access, and that is where the good fish-eries are that they can access. 
So this is very important. For those 
in this body who want to see this pro-gram go away, they are literally driv-ing a nail in the coffin of rural Amer-ica’s economy. 
Mr. HEINRICH. I would ask my col-
league from Montana—we have heard a lot about reform. When we had the hearing in front of the Energy and Nat-ural Resources Committee, we heard people on both sides of the aisle talk-ing about how well this program works. 
Does the Senator think the opposi-
tion that is holding this up, that is holding back the majority of this body—a bipartisan majority, I would add—does the Senator from Montana think that reform is really what this is about or is it about a more basic, more ideological opposition to public lands and the current efforts to either sell off or transfer those public lands that our constituents rely on for access to go camping, to go hunting, to go rock climbing, to recreate, to spend time with their families? 
Mr. TESTER. It is hard to say what 
the agenda is. I do know that earlier this year there was a proposal put out to use the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund for fighting forest fires. Now there is a proposal put out to use the Land and Water Conservation Fund to manage forests. 
The fact is, the Land and Water Con-
servation Fund works. It works to cre-ate habitat, and it works to access that habitat. It also works for playgrounds and parks and ball fields all across this country. 
If we take a look at our overall budg-
et and what we spend on a lot of stuff around here, $900 million for a nation-wide program that impacts so many people, that impacts our economy in such a very positive way—there must be some agenda out there that I cannot see to do away with this fund. It makes no sense to me. And it is particularly frustrating to see folks on the other side of the aisle come down here to the floor and bring their friends in and say: I am going to make this glorious speech about this Land and Water Con-servation Fund, and then I want you to stop the unanimous consent. 
The bottom line is that things get 
done in here when we work in the mid-dle. As I told some folks the other day 
in Montana, we need to bring these folks around who think this is just ex-cess government spending because, quite frankly, there are a lot of places where there is excess government spending in our budget. This is not one of them. This is a good program that helps promote a great way of outdoor life and also helps promote our econ-omy. 
Mr. HEINRICH. Ironically, the 
money in the Land and Water Con-servation Fund is not tax dollars. It is literally a deal that goes back five dec-ades now where we opened up large swaths of our natural resources, our oil and gas offshore, and took a percentage of that and invested it back into pro-
tecting our natural resources. Obvi-ously, those are natural resources that are one-time. You only get to drill for oil and produce natural gas one time. So the idea was that we would invest that in something to protect our envi-ronment, to protect our conservation lands, and to make a permanent con-tribution to that level of conservation. 
Mr. TESTER. That is absolutely cor-
rect. 
One of the things that makes this 
moment in time so important when it comes to the Land and Water Con-servation Fund is that we are losing habitat, we are losing fisheries every day. There will be limited opportuni-ties to keep these pristine lands avail-able for hunting and fishing in the fu-ture, but the habitat will be gone if we don’t deal with it. That is why it is very important not only to reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund but to fully fund it so we can take care of these landscapes that help support incredibly great elk and deer and trout fisheries. It is very important. Plus, there are a lot more opportunities in our great outdoors, and the Land and Water Conservation Fund really helps people enjoy life and have quality of life. And I am not just talking about the folks who have incredibly thick wallets; I am talking about everyday, average Americans who work for a liv-ing and work darned hard for a living and want to be able to enjoy some of the great things this country has to offer. 
Mr. HEINRICH. That is absolutely 
right. I hear from constituents all the time who will never be able to afford one of those $5 or $10,000 elk hunts on private land but who can enter the lot-tery every year and who do and often-times rely on that to get their family through the winter and to also just pull their family together in a tradition they have had as a part of who they are for years and years. 
On Saturday, when we go to cele-
brate the Valles Caldera National Pre-serve, I am going to be taking my fly rod, and I am looking forward to spend-ing the dollars that will go back into our State’s game and fish coffers to make sure that resource is there again and again and again. That is what this Land and Water Conservation Fund is all about. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.064 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7212 October 7, 2015 
Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I yield 
the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
RELIGIOUS FREEDOM  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, a few 
weeks ago I inaugurated a series of speeches about religious freedom. In the first speech, I said that the rights of conscience and religious exercise go to the very heart of who we are as human beings and how we make sense out of this world. No decisions are 
more fundamental to human existence than those regarding our relationship to the Divine, and no act of govern-ment is more invasive of individual lib-erty than compelling a person to vio-late his or her sincerely chosen reli-gious beliefs. This is why religious free-dom in and of itself is so important and must be specially protected. 
Last week I spoke about religious 
freedom in practice here in America. At no time in world history has reli-gious freedom been such an integral part of a nation’s origin and character. As Congress said when we unanimously enacted the International Religious Freedom Act in 1998, the right to free-dom of religion undergirds the very ori-gin and existence of the United States. 
Professor Michael McConnell, direc-
tor of the Constitutional Law Center at Stanford, describes how, by the time the Bill of Rights was ratified, America had ‘‘already experienced 150 years of a higher degree of religious diversity than had existed anywhere in the world.’’ 
Together, those two speeches told 
some of the story of religious freedom in America. Today I will build on that foundation and examine the status and the substance of religious freedom. More fully understanding these three aspects of religious freedom—its story, its status, and its substance—will help us better evaluate where we are today and inform where we should go in the future. 
The status of religious freedom can 
be summarized as inalienable and pre-eminent. James Madison repeatedly identified the free exercise of religion according to conviction and conscience as an inalienable right. To America’s Founders, as they expressed in the Dec-laration of Independence, inalienable rights have two dimensions. They come from God, not from government, and these rights are endowed—that is, they are inseparable from us and part of our very humanity. Government did not provide them, and government cannot take them away. 
When Virginia developed its Con-
stitution in 1776, George Mason’s draft of a declaration of rights said that the exercise of religion should receive the fullest toleration by government. Madison objected and offered language that became section 16 of the Virginia Declaration of Rights, setting what one scholar calls a new standard for free-dom of conscience. Here is Madison’s language. He said: 
That religion, or the duty which we owe to 
our Creator, and the manner of discharging it, can be directed only by reason and convic-
tion, not by force or violence; and therefore all men are equally entitled to the free exer-cise of religion, according to the dictates of conscience. 
This understanding of religious free-
dom did not end with America’s found-ing generation. In 1853 the Senate For-eign Relations Committee approved a resolution asserting that in treaties with foreign nations, the United States should secure for our citizens residing abroad ‘‘the right of worshipping God, freely and openly, according to the dic-tates of their own conscience.’’ The committee report on this resolution de-scribed religious freedom as funda-mental, allowing the ‘‘utmost latitude and freedom of conscience’’ so that each individual ‘‘is absolutely free to act in conformity to his own convic-tions.’’ 
The fact that religious freedom is in-
alienable leads to another aspect of its status. In his 1785 ‘‘Memorial and Re-monstrance against Religious Assess-ments,’’ Madison explained that reli-gious exercise ‘‘is precedent, both in order of time and in degree of obliga-tion, to the claims of civil society.’’ Supreme Court Justice Arthur Gold-berg once wrote that to America’s Founders, religious freedom was pre-eminent among fundamental rights. 
Presidents and Congress have simi-
larly identified the status of religious freedom as preeminent among rights. In his 1941 State of the Union Address, for example, President Franklin Roo-sevelt included religious freedom as one of four essential human freedoms. Just 4 years later, the United States signed the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which asserts that reli-gious freedom is an inalienable right universal to all members of the human family. 
The last several Presidents have 
issued annual proclamations declaring January 16 to be Religious Freedom Day. Those proclamations, by Presi-dents of both parties, have said that re-ligious freedom is a core value of our democracy, that it is essential to our dignity as human beings, and that no freedom is more fundamental than the right to practice one’s religious beliefs. 
Turning to Congress, the House For-
eign Affairs Committee in 1955 ap-proved a resolution ‘‘reaffirming the rights of the people of the world to freedom of religion.’’ The committee said that this resolution ‘‘recognizes that the basic strength of the United States is spiritual and that all races, people, and nations of the world share with us a dependence on such strength.’’ 
I mentioned earlier that Congress in 
1998 unanimously enacted the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act. This body passed it by a vote of 98 to 0. Twenty-one Senators serving today—12 Republicans and 9 Democrats—voted for this legislation. So did Vice Presi-dent J
OEBIDEN and Secretary of State 
John Kerry when they served here. That law declares religious freedom to be a universal human right, a pillar of 
our Nation, and a fundamental free-dom. 
In subsequent speeches, I will explore 
the responsibility of government re-garding an inalienable and preeminent right such as religious freedom, but I want to note two things at this point. First, as the Declaration of Independ-ence asserts, government exists to se-cure inalienable rights. Second, if a right is preeminent, it must be prop-erly accommodated when government takes actions such as enacting legisla-tion and issuing regulations. 
The status of religious freedom is 
that it is inalienable and preeminent. Let me turn now to exploring the sub-stance of religious freedom in terms of both its depth, or what religion free-dom is, and its breadth, or those to whom religious freedom belongs. 
First, depth. Starting in the early 
17th century, religious freedom in America has been understood to be grounded in the individual right of con-science. Roger Williams established a settlement in 1636 for those he de-scribed as the distressed of conscience, and subsequent town agreements and ordinances restricted government to civil things and protected the liberty of conscience. 
This liberty of conscience encom-
passes not only what an individual be-lieves but also how an individual acts on that belief. The Maryland Tolera-tion Act of 1649, for example, provided that no person shall be troubled ‘‘in re-spect of his or her religion nor in the free exercise thereof.’’ 
The Virginia Declaration of Rights 
was the model for the Bill of Rights in the U.S. Constitution. The free exercise of religion is the first individual right listed in the First Amendment. That phrase, the ‘‘free exercise of religion,’’ is very important—extremely impor-tant. The First Amendment protects not simply certain exercises of religion or the exercise of religion by certain parties but the free exercise of religion itself. 
Religious freedom is more than reli-
gious speech, which would be otherwise protected by the First Amendment, or attending a worship service on the Sab-bath. It is, as Madison put it, the freely chosen manner of discharging the duty an individual believes he or she owes to God. 
This robust substance of religious 
freedom is described in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which the United States signed in 1948. Arti-cle 18 states: ‘‘Everyone has the right to freedom of thought, conscience and religion; this right includes freedom to change his religion or belief, and free-dom, either alone or in community with others and in public or private, to manifest his religion or belief in teach-ing, practice, worship and observance.’’ 
That is the Universal Declaration of 
Human Rights. 
The United States signed the Hel-
sinki Accords in 1975. Section VII de-clares the signatories ‘‘will recognize 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.062 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7213 October 7, 2015 
and respect the right of the individual 
to profess and practice, alone or in community with others, religion or be-lief in accordance with the dictates of his own conscience.’’ Such rights de-rive from ‘‘the inherent dignity of the human person and are essential for his full and free development.’’ 
In 1992, the United States ratified the 
International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights. Article 18 echoes the same robust definition of religious freedom as the right, individually or in community with others, in public or in private, to believe and to practice one’s religion. This robust description ex-presses the depth of religious freedom. 
The second dimension to the sub-
stance of religious freedom is its breadth or its application across soci-ety. Earlier I mentioned the Maryland Toleration Act of 1649, which protected the free exercise of religion. It did so, however, only for Trinitarian Chris-tians. The Puritans of Massachusetts Bay Colony outlawed the Quakers and punished heretics. In fact, Roger Wil-liams went to what would become Rhode Island after being banished from Massachusetts because of his religious beliefs. 
In those days, religious freedom had 
depth but not much breadth. Yet seeds were being planted. In 1657, residents of a community known today as Flush-ing, NY, signed a petition called the ‘‘Flushing Remonstrance.’’ This peti-tion protested a ban on certain reli-gious practices that prevented the Quakers from worshipping, and the signers stated they would let everyone decide for themselves how to worship. 
America’s Founders were the ones 
who asserted most directly that reli-gious freedom is inalienable and, ac-cordingly, established its breadth in the First Amendment. Rather than being limited to adherents of a par-ticular faith, this protection applies to anyone acting according to the dic-tates of conscience. 
The status and substance of religious 
freedom became concretely reflected in Supreme Court decisions in the 20th century. In Sherbert v. Verner, a woman was fired from a State govern-ment job for refusing to work on Satur-day as required by her Seventh-Day Adventist faith. The Supreme Court af-firmed that the door to government regulation of religious belief was ‘‘tightly shut’’ and set a standard that only barely opened the door to govern-ment regulation of religious behavior. 
The Court said that government limi-
tations on religiously motivated con-duct could be justified only by ‘‘the gravest abuses, endangering interests.’’ Therefore, the Court said, Government must have more than a mere rational reason for restricting religious prac-tice. In 1981, the Supreme Court re-affirmed the Sherbert standard by holding that government may ‘‘justify an inroad on religious liberty by show-ing that it is the least restrictive means of achieving some compelling state interest.’’ This holding was consistent with the 
path of American history regarding re-ligious freedom. The protection of something, after all, goes hand in hand with that thing’s value. If religious freedom is inalienable and preeminent, then it must be properly protected by law. 
All of that changed in 1990. In a case 
titled ‘‘Employment Division v. Smith,’’ two Oregon State employees were fired for using peyote, a con-trolled substance, in their Native American religious ceremonies. The law did not single out religious use of this drug, but its application to these individuals seriously inhibited the practice of their religion. The Court should have applied the Sherbert standard and required the State to show a compelling justification for ap-plying this law against religious adher-ents. 
Instead, the Court turned the 
Sherbert standard on its head. The Court did exactly what it had rejected in Sherbert less than 30 years earlier, holding that the government needs nothing more than a rational reason for a general law or regulation that re-stricts the practice of religion. In other words, so long as the government is not explicitly targeting religion, the First Amendment provides no protection at all for the free exercise of religion, as that case held. The Court effectively demoted religious freedom from a fun-damental right to little more than an optional fringe benefit. 
In my opening statement at the Sen-
ate Judiciary Committee’s hearing in September 1992 on a legislative re-sponse to this decision, I said the Smith standard is ‘‘the lowest level of protection the Court could have af-forded religious conduct.’’ 
In Smith, the Court made it sound as 
if the Sherbert decision had spawned an epidemic of people using religious objections to obeying laws. The truth is that Courts had not applied the Sherbert standard strictly at all but with what the Congressional Research Service has described as a light hand. In the years between the Court’s deci-sion and Sherbert establishing the compelling interest standard and its decision in Smith abandoning that standard, Federal courts rejected more than 85 percent of religious exercise claims. 
Government today compromises, bur-
dens, and even prohibits the exercise of religion not by overt assault but by covert impact. Zoning ordinances can restrict where churches may meet, whether they may expand their meet-ing places, and what services they may offer; religious institutions may be forced to hire individuals who do not share their faith; and regulations may prohibit individuals from wearing items required by their faith or require employees to work on their Sabbath. 
If government exists to secure in-
alienable rights such as religious free-dom, it must properly respect and ac-commodate that right even as it be-comes more and more intrusive. In 
fact, it is the increasing reach of gov-ernment that makes vigilance about protecting religious freedom more, not less, important. Requiring a compel-ling reason to restrict religious prac-tice identifies religious practice as im-portant. Requiring only a rational rea-son to restrict religious practice iden-tifies it as worth very little. 
It is hard to overstate the impact of 
the Smith decision. It stopped dead in its tracks the long and steady progress toward real protection for religious freedom. Government has its greatest impact on religion today not by direct suppression but by indirect restriction. If the status of religious freedom as in-alienable and preeminent compels its protection, then reducing that status, as the Court did in Smith, opens reli-gious freedom to restriction and prohi-bition. 
Congress responded to the Smith de-
cision by enacting the Religious Free-dom Restoration Act, or RFRA. We were motivated by the very under-standing of religious freedom that the Supreme Court had abandoned; name-ly, that religious freedom is inalien-able and preeminent. RFRA does by statute what the First Amendment is supposed to do. Under RFRA, govern-ment may substantially burden the ex-ercise of religion only if doing so is the least restrictive means of achieving a compelling governmental purpose. 
Congress enacted RFRA for one sim-
ple reason. While the First Amendment protected the free exercise of religion itself, by changing what First Amend-ment means, the Supreme Court in Smith put the free exercise of religion itself at risk. The Court made every ex-ercise of religion by everyone vulner-able to governmental restriction, inter-ference, and even prohibition. RFRA restored religious freedom by setting a standard of protection that reflects the true value of what it protects and ap-plies that standard across the board. 
This principle is so powerful that 
RFRA not only passed Congress almost unanimously, but it was supported by a coalition of unprecedented ideological breadth. That consensus existed be-cause we rejected numerous requests to go beyond setting the standard and dic-tate how it should be applied in certain cases. We refused to do that in RFRA because the First Amendment does not do that. We set the right standard and left its application to the courts in in-dividual cases. 
In a 1994 religious exercise case, Jus-
tice David Souter urged the Court to reconsider its decision in Smith and described what is truly at stake. He wrote: ‘‘The extent to which the Free Exercise Clause requires government to refrain from impeding religious ex-ercise defines nothing less than the re-spective relationships in our constitu-tional democracy of the individual to government and to God.’’ 
Properly understanding the status 
and substance of religious freedom nat-urally puts those relationships in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.065 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7214 October 7, 2015 
order. Misunderstanding or distorting 
those principles interferes with these relationships and imperils this funda-mental human right. 
In 1997, the Supreme Court held that 
RFRA applies only to the Federal Gov-ernment because the Congress did not have authority to extend its protection to State and local government. As Smith had done, this decision made every religious practice by everyone vulnerable to government restriction. By these two decisions, the Supreme Court ensured that no one in America had either constitutional or statutory protection to practice their faith. 
I introduced the Religious Liberty 
Protection Act in June 1998 to reestab-lish the religious freedom that the Su-preme Court had again taken away, having been an author of the Religious 
Freedom Restoration Act. Like RFRA 
did, this legislation set a tough legal standard reflecting the true status and substance of religious freedom and left it to the courts to apply this standard to individual cases. Unfortunately, al-though it had bipartisan support, con-sideration of this bill stalled in the 105th Congress. 
I next introduced a Religious Land 
Use and Institutionalized Persons Act to protect religious freedom for as many and as completely as possible. It set the same rigorous standard for gov-ernment interference in the practice of religion, requiring that such actions be the least restrictive means of achiev-ing a compelling government purpose. Within 2 weeks both the Senate and House had passed this legislation with-out objection. As he had done with RFRA, President Bill Clinton signed this legislation into law. 
It is shocking how little it took—just 
two Supreme Court decisions—to stall America’s centuries-long journey of re-ligious freedom. As a result, the law today does not adequately protect reli-gious freedom. You and I can claim the First Amendment’s protection only if the Federal Government explicitly tar-gets our religious practice. The First Amendment is not available at all when State and local governments re-strict or even prohibit religious prac-tice altogether. Even the legislation passed unanimously by Congress is un-available when State and local govern-ments restrict religious freedom. 
We live in troubled times, and many 
things we once took for granted are being challenged and even attacked. Today the rhetoric about religious freedom does not match the reality. 
In his 1810 State of the Union Ad-
dress, President James Madison said that a well-instructed people can alone be a free people. The more we under-stand how religious freedom is inalien-able and preeminent, how it is deep in substance and broad in application, the better equipped we are to promote and defend it. Only then will government not only pay lipservice to the funda-mental right to religious freedom but will provide for and properly accommo-date it so that it will be a reality for all of us. These remarks are very important 
because a lot of people don’t realize that religious freedom is not as free as the original Founding Fathers expected it to be. Even though we have had some very interesting cases, not the least of which was the Religious Freedom Res-toration Act case, we are not there as far as true and noble protection of reli-gious freedom throughout this country. 
Fortunately, most States do respect 
this, and fortunately, hopefully, most governmental people respect this as well. But that is not enough. We need to change these things and get reli-gious freedom the preeminent position it really holds as the first clause of the First Amendment. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
ILLIS ). The Senator from Oklahoma. 
INTERNATIONAL COMMITMENTS ON CARBON  
EMISSIONS  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, we are a 
little more than a month away from the United Nations climate conference in Paris. The countries continue to roll out their international pledges to re-duce carbon emissions in an attempt to control global warming. I can’t believe it, but this is the 21st year they have done this. 
I wrote a book once about this, and 
the last chapter is the longest chapter. It talks about the motivation and why the United Nations wants to get into this thing and what is in it for them. 
I think we all know that every time 
the United Nations does something, it is contrary to the interest of the United States. We write a letter, which is usually a threat to withhold funding, and that really gets them upset. Of course, what they really want is to have something there that they can draw on so that they don’t have to be obligated to any of the countries that are participating. 
Anyway, this is not the time to get 
into that, but I am just saying that this is the 21st year they have had this conference, and every year the same thing happens: The 192 countries get in there and they follow the lead of the United States by saying that they are going to be reducing their emissions, and of course it doesn’t happen. 
In 2009, Copenhagen hosted such a 
meeting. I remember going over there, and some of the people who attended at that time were Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, and John Kerry—Clinton and Kerry were in the Senate at that 
time—B
ARBARA BOXER , and N ANCY  
PELOSI . They all went over to assure 
everyone in Copenhagen that the United States was going to pass cap- and-trade legislation. 
So I waited until they had all fin-
ished their business, and I went over. It was the shortest trip to Europe I had ever taken. I was there 3 hours. I was the one-man truth squad. I said: You have been hearing from all of these leaders, but it is not going to happen. We are not going to pass it. And of course we didn’t. 
We are going through the same thing 
now. While the verbal commitments are creating positive press coverage for 
a lot of people who want to believe this stuff—and the President is seeking to solidify his legacy—most of these pledges are empty and only place the United States in a position of economic hardship, while other countries con-tinue on their current trajectory with CO
2emissions. 
Let’s start with India. On Friday we 
received a report from India. I didn’t see it personally until 2 days ago. It was the most recent country to submit its domestic global warming plan. In-dia’s plan will cost—and I am stating what they have in the plan they have presented—$2.5 trillion over the next 15 years. Do the math. That is approxi-mately $160 billion a year in costs in order for them to do what is expected of them as a developing country. Their pledge is based on a premise that devel-oped countries—that is us, the United States, always picking up the bills— will pick up these costs by financing the Green Climate Fund. 
President Obama has pledged $3 bil-
lion to go to the Green Climate Fund, but the Senate and House appropri-ators have pledged zero, nothing, no money. If you stop and look at one country, such as India, with an esti-mated cost of $2.5 trillion, $3 billion is such a minuscule fraction, it is not even measurable. That isn’t going to happen, and so the President cannot deliver on that promise. 
India’s approach to addressing its 
carbon emissions is a continuation of the rich-poor country divide that has plagued the United Nations process in achieving climate agreement from the very start. That is what prompted the Byrd-Hagel resolution of 1997. I remem-ber it so well. I was sitting in this Chamber. I had only been here for 3 years at that time. We all agreed to it. It passed 95 to 0. It was unanimous. Ev-eryone who was in the Chamber at the time voted for it. It said: We are not going to come back. They were really addressing this to Clinton and Gore during their administration. Gore had gone down to see his friends in Central America, I guess it was—I am not sure—to put this thing together. He said: We are going to join you in this commitment to reduce CO
2emissions. 
Well, that sounded good until they 
came back and they had the Kyoto Convention. They never submitted it to this body because no treaty can be ratified unless it is ratified by the Sen-ate. We never even saw it. What is the reason for that? The reason is they knew it wouldn’t pass because the Byrd-Hagel amendment—and several of us were cosponsors of that—said that we won’t agree and ratify any conven-tion that comes to us and doesn’t treat the developing countries like the devel-oped countries. Unless it does one of two things, we will reject it: one, if it hurts us economically—of course they all do—and two, if China doesn’t have to do the same thing we have to do. Well, that is what happened, and of course none of these things have passed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.066 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7215 October 7, 2015 
Now the President is trying to do 
with regulations what he failed to be able to do through legislation, and we are seeing that every day in the com-mittee that I am fortunate enough to chair, the Environment and Public Works Committee. All of these rules are coming before us, and these rules are a result of things they tried to do legislatively, but they couldn’t do—the WOTUS rule. 
If you talk to farmers and ranchers 
in America, they will say that of all the regulations that come from the EPA that are the most damaging to farmers and ranchers, it is the WOTUS rule, and that is the waters of the United States. The Chair is certainly very familiar with this. That means that while we have had State jurisdic-tion over our water for many years, it had one exception, and that is for navi-gable waters. 
I think all of us who are conserv-
atives would agree that the Federal Government should have jurisdiction over navigable waters because that af-fects a lot more than just States. So they tried to do that with legislation. That legislation was offered 6 years ago by Senator Feingold of the Senate, who is from Wisconsin, and Congressman Oberstar, who is from Minnesota. Not only did we overwhelmingly defeat their legislation, but we defeated them at the polls in the next election, so it gives you an idea of the unpopularity of this. Since the President was not able to do it with legislation, he tried to do it with regulation. Well, that is the way it is with CO
2emissions. 
So India sent their plan over. They 
are the third largest CO 2emitter, only 
behind China and the United States. Its demand for coal is expected to surpass U.S. consumption by the end of the decade unless the United States helps front India the cash it needs to execute its trillion-dollar climate plan, but that is not happening. As a Member of this body, we will do everything we can to stop it, and we will be successful. We know for a fact that is not what Amer-ica wants to do. 
Now we have China. It has pledged to 
peak its carbon emissions around 2030 and increase its renewables to 20 per-cent of the primary energy use. Subse-quent to its commitment, China also announced a nationwide cap-and-trade system alongside a newfound partner-ship between U.S. cities. While all of these commitments—that is, they have partnership cities that say ‘‘We will do it in our State if you do it over there’’—they sound good to the media, but the facts don’t pan out because it is nothing more than business as usual. At the end of the day, the country gets to increase its emissions for the next 15 years. Here is what they call an agree-ment that is in the best interest of re-ducing CO
2worldwide. Yet they are 
committing not to reduce but to in-crease their emissions for the next 15 years, until 2030. 
When they first made their commit-
ment—I called it a nonbinding charade because as China’s economy has grown, 
so has its demand for electricity. China is the largest consumer and importer of coal in the world, accounting for 50 percent of global consumption. Fifty percent of the global consumption of coal is in one country—China. 
Over the next decade, China is ex-
pected to bring a new coal-fired power-plant online every 10 days to give it the electricity it demands. Unlike the United States, China does not have other inexpensive energy sources. Where we in the United States are ben-efiting from cheap natural gas, China doesn’t have the technology and re-sources to do it, so they can’t do that. Even though we have this huge shale revolution in this country where we are producing oil and natural gas— which brings up the other thing we need to do, and that is to do away with the export ban on natural gas and oil. But China doesn’t have the technology to do that, so all they can use is coal. And to continue to support the world’s largest economy, which China is, China will have no choice but to break its promise of hitting its emission peak by 2030, and that is not going to happen. 
Russia has pledged to reduce its car-
bon emissions between 25 and 30 per-cent by 2030. Here is the sticking point. Russia made this projection based on its carbon emissions baseline of 1990. By playing with numbers, Russia’s commitment will actually allow it to increase emissions between 700 and 900 tons in 2030. 
Then there is Mexico, South Korea, 
and South Africa. All of them will have made pledges not cut emissions but to slow the growth—not to cut emissions but slow the growth. In other words, these countries are committing to in-creased emissions through 2030. In the meantime, President Obama is com-mitting the United States to cut—not slow the growth but cut—its emissions from 26 to 28 percent by 2025. Nobody knows how they came to those years. There is no plan that we have seen that would do that. But this promise is also just as hollow as what we have been hearing from these other countries that I previously mentioned. 
Not only does the President not have 
the backing of the Senate and the American people, but outside groups are finding that the President’s meth-ods to achieve these reductions through climate regulations—pri-marily the Clean Power Plan—are faulty. According to a recent analysis by the U.S. Chamber, the President’s intended nationally determined con-tribution is about 33 percent short of meeting its stated target. So that is not going to work 
On July 8, David Bookbinder, former 
Sierra Club chief climate counsel, tes-tified before the committee that I chair about his own analysis that has found an even greater gap. It was in this same hearing where it was stated that to close the gap in the President’s climate commitment, the United States would likely have to consider regulating other industrial sectors, in-
cluding agriculture. So it is not just oil and gas and some of these emitters. It is everybody, and it is not going to happen because it can’t happen. It doesn’t work. 
After that committee hearing, I led a 
letter with 10 other Senators to the President requesting a detailed re-sponse for just how the United States intends to meet the pledge of 26- to 28- percent emissions reduction by 2025. It 
has been 3 months, and we still haven’t received a response. So they have been saying this. We are saying: How are you going to do it? Three months have gone by, and we still don’t know how he plans to do it. 
When we go to these other countries, 
they assume that America is like they are; if the President says it, he means it, and he is going to try to make it happen. With his pledge to the inter-national community, the President is setting up the American economy to suffer great pain for no gain. 
Now, his Clean Power Plan lacks 
credibility. The EPA does not even bother to assess the minuscule environ-mental benefits associated with the Clean Power Plan and with the cost of the plan. We are talking about some-thing that would be upwards of $400 bil-lion a year. That is very similar to when they tried to do this with cap- and-trade legislation. 
I had the occasion and I do this: 
Every time I hear a big number, I go back to my State of Oklahoma and I do a calculation. I find out how many families in my State of Oklahoma filed a Federal tax return, and then I do the math. As it turned out, that would cost about $3,000 per family. Now, to some people who believe the world is coming to an end and global warming is caus-ing it, that might sound like: Well, $3,000 a family is not that big a deal. But let’s remember—and I would re-mind the Chair—that it was just a short while ago when Lisa Jackson, who was the President’s nominee and eventually became the Director of the EPA, was asked by me on live TV in our committee: If we do pass any of these things, either by regulation or by legislation, will that have the effect of reducing CO
2emissions worldwide? She 
said: No, because this isn’t where the problem is. It is in China. It is in India and in these other countries that I mentioned before. So we would be doing that. Even if you are a believer in the doom philosophy, we would be doing it in a way that is not going to work. 
So despite all the costs they have, 
the President’s climate regulations would only reduce CO
2concentrations 
by 0.2 percent. Global average tempera-ture rise would be—would be, I say, not will be but would be—reduced only by .0016 degrees Farenheit. It could not even be measurable. And the sea level rise would be reduced by 0.2 millime-ters, which is the thickness of two human hairs. 
So it is no wonder the President is 
working so hard to circumvent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.068 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7216 October 7, 2015 
Congress’s role in committing the 
United States to the agreement. 
I only say this because we are now 
getting close to December and we have been through this so many times be-fore, and this isn’t going to be any dif-ferent. There is going to be a dif-ference, and that is that they are not going to attempt to do it by passing legislation. They want to circumvent Congress because they know Congress reports to the people and the people don’t want this. 
I can remember when global warm-
ing—when they had their annual Gal-lup poll every March. It used to be that when asked what were the critical con-cerns about America, global warming was always—in 2002, 2003, 2004, and 2005—between first and second place of the greatest concern. Do we know what it is today? Out of 15, it is number 15. So the people have caught on. They know it will be the largest tax increase in history and that it will not accom-plish anything. 
Mr. President, what is our timing sit-
uation? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There 
are no time limitations. 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I wish to 
make some other comments because something very good happened, and it is not normally the case. We passed the Defense authorization bill. Here we are in the midst of over two decades of wars and we are being challenged on all fronts—from national states to ter-rorist organizations and extremists to cyber and lone-wolf attacks. Our mili-tary is directly engaged in Asia, Africa, Eastern Europe, Syria, Afghanistan, and Iraq, and the demands that this country is placing on them continues to increase. It is greater than anything I have ever seen in the years I have been here and probably the greatest in history in terms of the numbers of threats to America from different countries. 
Yesterday we voted to pass the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act, or the NDAA, for the 54th consecutive year. I have been worried. The last few years we ended up passing it not this early but passing it in December. If we had gone to December 31 in those years or even in this year, all of a sudden our people wouldn’t get hazard pay and they wouldn’t get reenlistment bonuses and we couldn’t let that happen. So I am glad we did it earlier this year. I think it is the most important bill we pass every year. 
It is our constitutional duty to pro-
vide oversight over the President and his administration. There is an old wornout document that nobody reads anymore. It is called the Constitution. If we read article I, section 8 of the Constitution, it tells us what we are supposed to be doing—No. 1, defending America, and No. 2, roads and high-ways. I am very glad we passed the highway bill. It is over in the House, and I am optimistic they will be able to pass it over there as well. So the Constitution says the most 
important thing we do is defending America. It is our constitutional duty to do it. 
The NDAA contains provisions that 
take care of military men and women— the pay, the benefits, the bonuses, the new starts, the reenlistment bonuses, military construction, and all of this stuff. This bill addresses things such as additional protections for victims of sexual assault. It is a good bill, and most of the members of this committee have been to the floor today and have talked about. 
I just wanted to mention a couple of 
things that may have been overlooked by some of the other speakers. They should be focusing on accomplishing their missions instead of wondering if this bill authorizes spending priorities critical to our national security and supports the resources requirement of the Department of Defense. While this bill does not contain every provision that the Senate wanted, that I wanted, that the House wanted, and that the President would like to have, the final language is overall good policy for our national defense. It provides authoriza-tions in a timely manner. This vital piece of legislation sets the course for our national security and provides for our Nation’s nearly 2.1 million all-vol-unteer force. 
I was a product of the draft many 
years ago. I have often said that is one of the things that this country prob-ably ought to go back to. We wouldn’t have a lot of the problems today if we had to have kids go through the dis-cipline and the appreciation for our country. But nonetheless, this is an all-volunteer force, and it has worked beautifully. 
I make it a point, when I go to Af-
ghanistan or Iraq or Africa and these places where we have troops stationed, to sit down in the mess halls, to go out in the field and eat with them or listen to the problems they have and try to boost them up a little bit because they know that under this administration, which I have called the disarming of America, defending America is not the high priority that it should be. This is a time when each service chief, sec-retary, and combatant commander has testified that no service will be able to meet the wartime requirements under sequestration. 
The President and many people in 
this body wanted sequestration to take place but only for domestic purposes as well as military, and we are saying this is where the problem is. Let’s look at Secretary Carter, our Secretary of De-fense. He said recently: 
Readiness remains at troubling levels 
across the force. Even with the fiscal year 2016 budget, the Army, Navy, and Marine Corps won’t reach their readiness goals until 2020 and the Air Force until 2023. 
At a time when former Secretary 
Hagel says—listen to this. I don’t know why more people in America didn’t hear this. This is the Secretary of De-fense, Secretary Hagel, who said: ‘‘American dominance in seas, in the 
skies, and in space can no longer be taken for granted.’’ This is America, and people are thinking that the Presi-dent might even veto this bill. 
Admiral Winnefeld, who is Vice Chief 
of Staff, said: ‘‘There could be for the first time in my career instances where we may be asked to respond to a crisis and we will have to say that we can-not.’’ 
General Dempsey, Chairman of the 
Joint Chiefs of Staff, says we are put-ting our military on a path where ‘‘the force is so degraded and so unready’’ that it would be ‘‘immoral to use it.’’ 
General Dempsey labels it ‘‘unlike 
any in his lifetime.’’ 
So the passage of this legislation is 
absolutely necessary. We have passed it. We have done the responsible thing. And I think we need to be sure that we use full pressure to make sure the President does not veto this bill, be-cause he is toying with a veto. 
We have never seen anything like 
this in the history of this country. We have a level of threat to America, and we are going to have to make sure that we pass this bill. I am very proud that it was passed by the majority in the Senate. 
I know I am the last speaker tonight. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum, just to see if there is any last message that has to be given. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNIZING COASTAL RIDGE 
ELEMENTARY SCHOOL 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I wish 
to commend Coastal Ridge Elementary School in York, ME, on being named a 2015 National Blue Ribbon School of Excellence. This year, Coastal Ridge Elementary was one of only 335 schools across the country and one of only two schools from Maine to receive this prestigious recognition of high accom-plishment by the U.S. Department of Education. 
Created in 1982, the Blue Ribbon 
Schools Award honors schools that are either academically superior in their States or that demonstrate significant gains in student achievement. The schools singled out for this national recognition are models of high edu-cational standards and accountability. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.070 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7217 October 7, 2015 
This award recognizes Coastal Ridge 
Elementary as a model of excellence and high achievement. The students’ success can be attributed to the school’s focus on creating a healthy climate where adults model respect and selflessness. Principal Sean Mur-phy noted that while the award is based on exemplary test scores in math and reading, the school’s emphasis on the arts, sciences, and social develop-ment has contributed to the students’ overall achievement. 
I am pleased that the U.S. Depart-
ment of Education has selected Coastal Ridge Elementary School for this well- deserved honor and congratulate not only the students, but also the admin-istrators, teachers, staff, and parents on this outstanding achievement. To-gether, they are making a difference in the lives of hundreds of students by helping them become energetic learn-ers and engaged citizens. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MINOT 
CONSOLIDATED SCHOOL 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I wish 
to commend Minot Consolidated School in Minot, ME, on being named a 2015 National Blue Ribbon School of Excellence. This year, Minot Consoli-dated was one of only 335 schools across the country and one of only two schools from Maine to receive this prestigious recognition of high accom-plishment by the U.S. Department of Education. 
Created in 1982, the Blue Ribbon 
Schools award honors schools that are either academically superior in their States or that demonstrate significant gains in student achievement. The schools singled out for this national recognition are models of high edu-cational standards and accountability. 
With just 240 students from pre-
kindergarten to sixth grade, Minot Consolidated takes pride in a strong sense of community that contributes to the success of its students. Staff, families, and community members have come together to create a wel-coming school environment where stu-dents are challenged, motivated, and rewarded for good work. Self-con-fidence and personal responsibility are strongly encouraged and have produced positive results for Minot Consolidated’s high-achieving student body. 
I am pleased that the U.S. Depart-
ment of Education has selected Minot Consolidated School for this well-de-served honor and congratulate not only the students, but also the administra-tors, teachers, staff, and parents on this outstanding achievement. To-gether, they are making a difference in the lives of hundreds of students by helping them become energetic learn-ers and engaged citizens. ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO ETHEL LA ROCK AND 
ANDREW KIM 
∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I wish to 
recognize Ethel La Rock and Andrew Kim, two Montana veterans who are also the first two individuals set to be interviewed as part of our office’s par-ticipation in the Veterans History Project. 
The Veterans History Project’s mis-
sion is to collect, preserve, and make accessible the personal accounts of American wartime veterans, resulting in an incredible resource for research-ers, educators, and future generations to hear directly from veterans and to better understand the realities of past wars. 
Ethel La Rock retired from the 
United States Army as a lieutenant colonel in 1976 after 24 years of service. She served as a nurse in Korea and Vietnam. She was awarded the Bronze Star Medal in 1967 for meritorious serv-ice in Vietnam, which I had the honor to present to her in August. 
Andrew Kim retired from the United 
States Navy after 25 years of service in 1969 as a chief boatswain’s mate. As a 15-year-old, he watched the bombing of Pearl Harbor and then enlisted as soon as he turned 17. His tours of duty in-cluded WWII, the Korean conflict, the Cuban Missile Crisis, and the Vietnam war. 
Thank you to Ethel and Andy for 
their service to our Nation and for sharing their stories with the people of Montana. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JESSICA ANDERSON 
∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I wish to 
recognize Jessica Anderson, an out-standing educator at Powell County High School in Deer Lodge, MT. 
Ms. Anderson is the epitome of ‘‘lead-
ing by example.’’ With experience in teaching both prekindergarten through eighth grade and now high school, she has developed a unique teaching style that has inspired countless students. 
Her technology-based teaching style 
has led to her classroom’s collabora-tion with students on opposite sides of the world. She is also a cofounder of #MTedChat on Twitter, where edu-cators can come together to share, col-laborate, and challenge each other to improve. 
Ms. Anderson’s instruction of stu-
dents both in the classroom and online through the Montana Digital Academy has truly underscored the importance of universal education in our increas-ingly digital age. Not only am I proud to recognize her today, but also con-gratulate her on recently being award-ed the title of 2016 Montana Teacher of the Year. 
I thank her for promoting the edu-
cational ideals that Montanans hold so dear and look forward to watching the continual positive influence she will have on Montana’s future leaders. ∑ RECOGNIZING LOCAL MONTANA 
BREWERIES 
∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I wish to 
recognize the achievement of three local Montana breweries. Montana Brewing Company in Billings, Madison River Brewing Company in Belgrade, and KettleHouse Brewing Company in Missoula received medals for their ex-cellent beer this year at the Great American Beer Festival, one of the largest beer festivals in the Nation. Out of more than 6,000 entries, these 
three great breweries were recognized as having the best beer in a certain category. Madison River Brewing Com-pany received a gold medal in Scottish- style ale for their Cold Smoke, and KettleHouse Brewing Company fol-lowed with a silver medal in the same category for their Copper John Scotch Ale. Montana Brewing Company re-ceived a bronze medal in Irish-style red ale for their Hooligan’s Irish Red Ale. 
I would also like to recognize that 
Montana Brewing Company has re-ceived 16 medals since 1998, and KettleHouse Brewing Company has re-ceived 3 medals since 2009 at the Great American Beer Festival. The dedica-tion and excellence of all three brew-eries are an example of Montana as a whole. I applaud their achievements. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO EARLE G. 
SHETTLEWORTH, JR. 
∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I 
wish to recognize the outstanding de-votion of Earle G. Shettleworth, Jr., who has worked tirelessly to preserve Maine’s rich heritage throughout his career. After more than four decades with the Maine Historic Preservation Commission, Earle stepped down as di-rector on October 1, 2015. Despite his retirement and to the delight of the people of Maine, Mr. Shettleworth will continue to hold the esteemed position of Maine’s State historian. 
Mr. Shettleworth’s interest in his-
toric preservation was sparked when he was just 13 years old, after witnessing the destruction of Portland’s Union Station. Shortly after this defining event, Mr. Shettleworth became the youngest founding member of Greater Portland Landmarks and has had a dis-tinguished career in public service ever since. Throughout his life, Earle has greatly appreciated architecture and art, which have added to his passion and devotion to preserving Maine’s his-tory. 
Mr. Shettleworth has served on a 
wide range of historical commissions and societies, including the Maine His-toric Preservation Commission. During his years with the commission, Earle helped designate over 1,500 properties in Maine as historic places in the Na-tional Register, and by the time he re-tired, he was the longest serving State historic preservation officer in the United States. 
Mr. Shettleworth holds a bachelor’s 
degree from Colby College and a mas-ter’s degree from the American and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.048 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7218 October 7, 2015 
New England Studies Program at Bos-
ton University. He has published doz-ens of articles and authored numerous books. As a reporter at the Portland Evening Express, Mr. Shettleworth au-thored a series of 52 articles called ‘‘Portland Heritage,’’ which explored the history of the city’s notable build-ings. Mr. Shettleworth has received honorary doctorates of humane letters from Bowdoin College and the Maine College of Art for his scholarship in the fields of history, historical preserva-tion, and art history. 
I would like to join the Maine His-
toric Preservation Commission and the people of Maine in recognizing and thanking Mr. Shettleworth for his tire-less work and dedication to the great State of Maine. Earle not only pre-served Maine’s history, but also in-spired greater public interest in our State’s rich heritage. The State of Maine owes Mr. Shettleworth im-mensely for all his hard work, and we cannot begin to thank him enough. I wish him all the best in his retire-ment. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHIEF PETTY 
OFFICER MIKEL S. COOK 
∑Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize yeoman CPO Mikel S. Cook, on the occasion of his retirement from the United States Navy. 
In his 22-year career in the United 
States Navy, yeoman Chief Petty Offi-cer Cook has served with great distinc-tion and made countless sacrifices to our country. I commend him for his service and extraordinary dedication to duty and the United States of America. 
Yeoman Chief Petty Officer Cook 
graduated from boot camp in 1994 from Recruit Training Command in Orlando, FL. Following graduation, he attended Yeoman ‘‘A’’ School in Meridian, MS. He reported to his first sea assignment with the Seabees assigned to Naval Mo-bile Construction Battalion 7. He later reported to the USS Rainier, AOE–7, participating in Operations Southern Watch and Enduring Freedom and earning his enlisted surface and air warfare pins. His final sea assignment was with Fleet Air Reconnaissance Squadron 2 out of Whidbey Island, WA. 
Yeoman Chief Petty Officer Cook 
also served with distinction in a vari-ety of assignments ashore: as executive assistant to the Deputy Chief of Staff— Operations and Intelligence, Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe in Mons, Belgium; and as a naval analyst with the special liaison detachment, North Atlantic Treaty Organization, Brussels, Belgium. 
After completing his last sea tour, 
yeoman Chief Petty Officer Cook re-ported to his current assignment as congressional liaison in the Navy Ap-propriations Matters Office, where he helped the Department of the Navy achieve their financial and legislative goals. For 5 years, yeoman Chief Petty Officer Cook has demonstrated excep-tional leadership and foresight, engag-ing Members of the Appropriations 
Committee and its staff to provide in-formation essential to resourcing the Navy for its role as the world’s domi-nant sea power. In an increasingly dif-ficult budget environment, he provided essential support in shepherding four Navy budgets through the appropria-tions process, serving our Navy with insight and dedication. 
I join my colleagues today in saying 
thank you to yeoman CPO Mikel S. Cook for his extraordinary dedication to duty and steadfast service to this country throughout his distinguished career in the U.S. Navy. We wish him; his wife, Robyn; and his daughter, Norah, ‘‘Fair Winds and Following Seas’’ in his well-deserved retirement. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JAMES BRUBAKER 
∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Mr. James Brubaker, direc-tor of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs regional offices in Sioux Falls, SD, and Fargo, ND, since 2010. Mr. Bru-baker will be retiring from the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs on October 30, 2015, after an accomplished career. 
Mr. Brubaker graduated with a bach-
elor’s degree in financial administra-tion from Michigan State University in 1982. He joined the Department of Vet-erans Affairs in 1987 and has diligently served veterans in offices throughout the Nation. As the director of the Da-kotas Veterans Affairs regional offices, he administered benefits for nearly 156,000 veterans in South Dakota, North Dakota, and 15 counties in Min-nesota. Under Mr. Brubaker’s leader-ship, the Sioux Falls and Fargo re-gional offices have maintained an ex-cellent compensation rating related claim-based accuracy of over 95 per-cent, one of the best ratings in the Na-tion. This significant achievement demonstrates Mr. Brubaker’s manage-ment ability and his dedication to serv-ing our Nation’s veterans. 
I would like to extend my sincere 
thanks and appreciation to Mr. Bru-baker for his fine work. I wish him con-tinued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
At 11:52 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, without amendment: 
S. 986. An act to require the Secretary of 
the Interior to take into trust 4 parcels of Federal land for the benefit of certain Indian Pueblos in the State of New Mexico. 
S. 1300. An act to amend the section 221 of 
the Immigration and Nationality Act to pro-vide relief for adoptive families from immi-grant visa fees in certain situations. 
S. 2078. An act to reauthorize the United 
States Commission on International Reli-gious Freedom, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the 
House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: H.R. 1525. An act to require the Securities 
and Exchange Commission to make certain improvements to form 10–K and regulation S–K, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1553. An act to amend the Federal De-
posit Insurance Act to specify which smaller institutions may qualify for an 18–month ex-amination cycle. 
H.R. 1839. An act to amend the Securities 
Act of 1933 to exempt certain transactions involving purchases by accredited investors, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2091. An act to amend the Fair Credit 
Reporting Act to clarify the ability to re-quest consumer reports in certain cases to establish and enforce child support payments and awards. 
H.R. 2168. An act to make the current Dun-
geness crab fishery management regime per-manent and for other purposes. 
H.R. 3102. An act to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to reform programs of the Transportation Security Administration, streamline transportation security regula-tions, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 3510. An act to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop a cyberse-curity strategy for the Department of Home-land Security, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
The President pro tempore (Mr. 
HATCH ) announced that on today, Octo-
ber 7, 2015, he has signed the following enrolled bill, previously signed by the Speaker of the House: 
H.R. 2835. An act to actively recruit mem-
bers of the Armed Forces who are separating from military service to serve as Customs and Border Protection officers. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 6:05 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bills: 
S. 986. An act to require the Secretary of 
the Interior to take into trust 4 parcels of Federal land for the benefit of certain Indian Pueblos in the State of New Mexico. 
S. 1300. An act to amend the section 221 of 
the Immigration and Nationality Act to pro-vide relief for adoptive families from immi-grant visa fees in certain situations. 
S. 2078. An act to reauthorize the United 
States Commission on International Reli-gious Freedom, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bills were subsequently 
signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bills were read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 1525. An act to require the Securities 
and Exchange Commission to make certain improvements to form 10–K and regulation S–K, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
H.R. 1553. An act to amend the Federal De-
posit Insurance Act to specify which smaller institutions may qualify for an 18-month ex-amination cycle; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
H.R. 1839. An act to amend the Securities 
Act of 1933 to exempt certain transactions involving purchases by accredited investors, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
H.R. 2091. An act to amend the Fair Credit 
Reporting Act to clarify the ability to re-quest consumer reports in certain cases to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.001 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7219 October 7, 2015 
establish and enforce child support payments 
and awards; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
H.R. 2168. An act to make the current Dun-
geness crab fishery management regime per-manent and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
H.R. 3102. An act to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to reform programs of the Transportation Security Administration, streamline transportation security regula-tions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
H.R. 3510. An act to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop a cyberse-curity strategy for the Department of Home-land Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following bill was read the sec-
ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
S. 2146. A bill to hold sanctuary jurisdic-
tions accountable for defying Federal law, to increase penalties for individuals who ille-gally reenter the United States after being removed, and to provide liability protection for State and local law enforcement who co-operate with Federal law enforcement and for other purposes. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. VITTER, from the Committee on 
Small Business and Entrepreneurship, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: 
S. 2116. A bill to improve certain programs 
of the Small Business Administration to bet-ter assist small business customers in ac-cessing broadband technology, and for other purposes. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. 
BURR): 
S. 2147. A bill to amend the Employee Re-
tirement Income Security Act of 1974 and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 with respect to participant votes on the suspension of bene-fits under multiemployer plans in critical and declining status; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. B
EN-
NET, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. 
CASEY , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mrs. M URRAY , 
Mr. N ELSON , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. 
SCHUMER , Mr. S ANDERS , Ms. B ALDWIN , 
Mr. L EAHY , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. U DALL , 
Ms. H IRONO , Mr. K ING, Ms. M IKULSKI , 
Mr. C OONS , Mr. F RANKEN , and Mr. 
MERKLEY ): 
S. 2148. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to prevent an increase in the Medicare part B premium and deductible in 2016; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and 
Mr. F
RANKEN ): 
S. 2149. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Opportunity Act to add disclosure re-quirements to the institution financial aid offer form and to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to make such form manda-tory; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and 
Mr. F
RANKEN ): 
S. 2150. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to make technical im-provements to the Net Price Calculator sys-tem so that prospective students may have a more accurate understanding of the true cost of college; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. THUNE (for himself and Mr. 
C
ASEY ): 
S. 2151. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to provide liability protections for volunteer practitioners at health centers under section 330 of such Act; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. CORKER (for himself, Mr. 
C
ARDIN , Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. C OONS ): 
S. 2152. A bill to establish a comprehensive 
United States Government policy to encour-age the efforts of countries in sub-Saharan Africa to develop an appropriate mix of power solutions, including renewable energy, for more broadly distributed electricity ac-cess in order to support poverty reduction, promote development outcomes, and drive economic growth, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and 
Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ): 
S. 2153. A bill to amend title XI of the So-
cial Security Act to require applicable man-ufacturers to include information regarding payments made to physician assistants, nurse practitioners, and other advance prac-tice nurses in transparency reports sub-mitted under section 1128G of such Act; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN: 
S. 2154. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to repeal the percentage depletion allowance for certain hardrock mines; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Ms. C
ANT-
WELL , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. M ERKLEY , 
Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. W YDEN ): 
S. 2155. A bill to amend the Outer Conti-
nental Shelf Lands Act to permanently pro-hibit the conduct of offshore drilling on the outer Continental Shelf off the coast of Cali-fornia, Oregon, and Washington; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN: 
S. 2156. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to provide a criminal penalty for launching drones that interfere with fighting fires affecting Federal property or responding to disasters affecting interstate or foreign commerce, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. BOXER: 
S. 2157. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to provide a criminal penalty for operating drones in certain locations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. LANKFORD: 
S. 2158. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to repeal the credit for electricity produced from certain renewable resources; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. VITTER (for himself and Mr. 
T
ILLIS ): 
S. 2159. A bill to amend title XIX of the So-
cial Security Act to allow for greater State flexibility with respect to excluding pro-viders who are involved in abortions; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. KIRK (for himself and Mr. 
H
ELLER ): 
S. 2160. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, relating to enlistment and con-sequences of certain service in the Armed Forces, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. W
HITE-
HOUSE , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. F RANKEN , 
and Ms. W ARREN ): 
S. 2161. A bill to provide for the adjustment 
of status of certain nationals of Liberia to that of lawful permanent residents and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. BLUNT (for himself, Mr. S
CHU-
MER, Mr. R OBERTS , Mrs. C APITO , and 
Mr. L EAHY ): 
S. 2162. A bill to establish a 10-year term 
for the service of the Librarian of Congress; considered and passed. 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. 
D
AINES , and Mr. G ARDNER ): 
S. 2163. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Transportation to require that broadband conduits be installed as a part of certain highway construction projects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. WYDEN: 
S. 2164. A bill to extend the secure rural 
schools and community self-determination program and to make permanent the pay-ment in lieu of taxes program and the land and water conservation fund; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. VITTER (for himself, Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mrs. F ISCHER , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. 
AYOTTE , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. G ARD-
NER, Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. E NZI, Mr. R UBIO, Mr. 
MARKEY , and Mr. C OONS ): 
S. Res. 280. A resolution recognizing the 
month of October 2015 as ‘‘National Women’s Small Business Month’’; considered and agreed to. 
By Ms. STABENOW (for herself and 
Mr. T
HUNE ): 
S. Res. 281. A resolution designating the 
week of October 5 through October 9, 2015, as ‘‘National Health Information Technology Week’’ to recognize the value of health infor-mation technology in transforming and im-proving the healthcare system for all people in the United States; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. SCHATZ: 
S. Con. Res. 23. A concurrent resolution 
supporting the establishment of a bipartisan Museum Study Commission to study the es-tablishment of a National Museum of the American People to tell the immigration and migration stories of all people of the United States; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 208 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the 
name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
208, a bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to gain and main-tain operational control of the inter-national borders of the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 275 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07OC6.022 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7220 October 7, 2015 
275, a bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for the coverage of home as a site of care for infusion therapy under the Medicare program. 
S. 377 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 377, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to increase access to ambulance services under the Medi-care program and to reform payments for such services under such program, and for other purposes. 
S. 502 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the names 
of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ), the Senator from New Mexico 
(Mr. U DALL ), the Senator from New 
Mexico (Mr. H EINRICH ), the Senator 
from Michigan (Mr. P ETERS ), the Sen-
ator from Oregon (Mr. W YDEN ), the 
Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M UR-
PHY), the Senator from Maine (Mr. 
KING), the Senator from Massachusetts 
(Mr. M ARKEY ), the Senator from Wis-
consin (Ms. B ALDWIN ), the Senator 
from Vermont (Mr. S ANDERS ) and the 
Senator from Maryland (Ms. M IKULSKI ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 502, a bill to focus limited Federal resources on the most serious offenders. 
S. 520 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 520, a bill to amend the Neotropical Migratory Bird Conserva-tion Act to reauthorize the Act. 
S. 628 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 628, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for the designation of maternity care health professional shortage areas. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presumptions relating to the exposure of certain veterans who served in the vicinity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes. 
S. 743 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 743, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to recognize the service in the reserve components of the Armed Forces of certain persons by honoring them with status as veterans under law, and for other purposes. 
S. 1013 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1013, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage and payment for complex rehabilitation technology items under the Medicare program, and 
for other purposes. 
S. 1056 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1056, a bill to eliminate racial profiling by law enforcement, and for other purposes. 
S. 1081 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1081, a bill to end the use of body-gripping traps in the National Wildlife Refuge System. 
S. 1383 
At the request of Mr. P ERDUE , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1383, a bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to subject the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection to the regular ap-propriations process, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1493 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1493, a bill to provide for an in-crease, effective December 1, 2015, in the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of cer-tain disabled veterans, and for other purposes. 
S. 1766 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1766, a bill to direct the Secretary of Defense to review the discharge characterization of former members of the Armed Forces who were discharged by reason of the sexual orientation of the member, and for other purposes. 
S. 1915 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1915, a bill to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to make anthrax vaccines and antimicrobials available to emergency response providers, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1945 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the 
names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ), the Senator from 
Arkansas (Mr. B OOZMAN ) and the Sen-
ator from New York (Mr. S CHUMER ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 1945, a bill to make available needed psy-chiatric, psychological, and supportive services for individuals with mental ill-ness and families in mental health cri-sis, and for other purposes. 
S. 1979 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was withdrawn as a co-
sponsor of S. 1979, a bill to direct the Chief of Engineers to transfer an ar-chaeological collection, commonly re-
ferred to as the Kennewick Man or the Ancient One, to the Washington State Department of Archeology and Historic Preservation. 
At the request of Mrs. M
URRAY , the 
names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) and the Senator from Oregon 
(Mr. M ERKLEY ) were added as cospon-
sors of S. 1979, supra. 
S. 2021 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 2021, a bill to prohibit Federal agen-cies and Federal contractors from re-questing that an applicant for employ-ment disclose criminal history record information before the applicant has received a conditional offer, and for other purposes. 
S. 2031 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 2031, a bill to reduce tempo-rarily the royalty required to be paid for sodium produced on Federal lands, and for other purposes. 
S. 2034 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
names of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) and the Senator from West 
Virginia (Mrs. C APITO ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 2034, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide additional aggravating factors for the imposition of the death penalty based on the status of the victim. 
S. 2067 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the 
names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) and the Senator from North 
Carolina (Mr. B URR) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 2067, a bill to establish EUREKA Prize Competitions to accel-erate discovery and development of dis-ease-modifying, preventive, or curative treatments for Alzheimer’s disease and related dementia, to encourage efforts to enhance detection and diagnosis of such diseases, or to enhance the qual-ity and efficiency of care of individuals with such diseases. 
S. 2068 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2068, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to in-clude automated fire sprinkler system retrofits as section 179 property and classify certain automated fire sprin-kler system retrofits as 15-year prop-erty for purposes of depreciation. 
S. 2091 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2091, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to stimulate international tourism to the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 2142 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07OC6.015 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7221 October 7, 2015 
MERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 2142, a bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act to establish an ef-ficient system to enable employees to form, join, or assist labor organiza-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 2146 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO), the Senator from Wyoming 
(Mr. B ARRASSO ), the Senator from 
Alaska (Mr. S ULLIVAN ) and the Senator 
from Oklahoma (Mr. I NHOFE ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 2146, a bill to hold sanctuary jurisdictions account-able for defying Federal law, to in-crease penalties for individuals who il-legally reenter the United States after being removed, and to provide liability protection for State and local law en-forcement who cooperate with Federal law enforcement and for other pur-poses. 
S.J. RES. 22 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. 
Res. 22, a joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chap-ter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Corps of En-gineers and the Environmental Protec-tion Agency relating to the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act. 
S. RES. 237 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the 
names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ), the Senator from New Mexico 
(Mr. H EINRICH ), the Senator from Con-
necticut (Mr. M URPHY ) and the Senator 
from Oregon (Mr. M ERKLEY ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. Res. 237, a resolu-tion condemning Joseph Kony and the Lord’s Resistance Army for continuing to perpetrate crimes against humanity, war crimes, and mass atrocities, and supporting ongoing efforts by the United States Government, the African Union, and governments and regional organizations in central Africa to re-move Joseph Kony and Lord’s Resist-ance Army commanders from the bat-tlefield and promote protection and re-covery of affected communities. 
S. RES. 278 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
Res. 278, a resolution welcoming the President of the Republic of Korea on her official visit to the United States and celebrating the United States-Re-public of Korea relationship, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , 
Mr. F RANKEN , and Ms. W ARREN ): 
S. 2161. A bill to provide for the ad-
justment of status of certain nationals of Liberia to that of lawful permanent residents and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. REED. Mr. President, today I am 
pleased to reintroduce the Liberian Refugee Immigration Fairness Act along with Senators W
HITEHOUSE , KLO-
BUCHAR , WARREN , and F RANKEN . 
This bill, which I have introduced 
every Congress since 1999, seeks to pro-vide a path to citizenship for qualifying Liberian refugees who came here dec-ades ago to escape Liberia’s civil wars. Since this time, they have been in our country legally through short term ex-tensions of Temporary Protected Sta-tus and Deferred Enforced Departure. After years of uncertainty about whether they will be able to stay in their communities or whether their families will be split up, this bill give eligible Liberians the chance to apply for legal permanent residency, and begin the process of finally becoming citizens. 
Similar safeguards were included in 
the last Comprehensive Immigration Reform bill that the Senate passed, and I look forward to working with my col-leagues to provide this critical and long overdue support for our Liberian community. 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, 
Mr. D AINES , and Mr. G ARDNER ): 
S. 2163. A bill to amend title 23, 
United States Code, to direct the Sec-retary of Transportation to require that broadband conduits be installed as a part of certain highway construction projects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, as a fifth 
generation Montanan, I have seen first-hand the struggles rural America faces when it comes to broadband connectivity. I worked in the cloud computing industry for 13 years, so I also know the opportunities created by technology and connectivity. 
Not only does access to broadband 
connect rural Americans and tribal communities to the rest of the world, but there are many farming applica-tions that will enable farmers in Mon-tana to be more efficient and equip them to feed the growing population. Despite the importance of connecting these communities, Montana remains ranked among the worst States for broadband connectivity and there are too many instances where the Federal Government stands in the way of broadband infrastructure deployment. This is especially important for States like Montana where 29 percent of the State is federally owned. Every Federal agency has their own set of require-ments for siting infrastructure on Fed-eral lands, and the process can take up to 10 years in some cases. This burden-some, bureaucratic process is driving industry away from serving rural America and tribal lands. 
That is why I am proud to introduce 
the bipartisan Streamlining and In-vesting in Broadband Infrastructure act with my colleagues Senator K
LO-
BUCHAR and Senator G ARDNER . The bill 
implements a dig once policy that in-corporates broadband conduit installa-
tion into new highway projects. It also directs the Federal Government to fur-ther consolidate and streamline siting on Federal lands by establishing a fee schedule for the grant of property in-terests and by developing a master ap-plication form for communications construction on all Federal lands. Mak-ing effective use of existing resources and streamlining these processes are essential to continue broadband de-ployment in rural America. By making it easier for providers to lay the groundwork for broadband, we take an important step toward connecting our unserved communities. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 280—RECOG-
NIZING THE MONTH OF OCTOBER 2015 AS ‘‘NATIONAL WOMEN’S SMALL BUSINESS MONTH’’ 
Mr. VITTER (for himself, Mrs. S
HA-
HEEN , Mrs. F ISCHER , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. 
AYOTTE , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. G ARDNER , 
Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. P ETERS , 
Mr. E NZI, Mr. R UBIO, Mr. M ARKEY , and 
Mr. C OONS ) submitted the following 
resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 280 
Whereas the Small Business Administra-
tion has declared the month of October 2015 to be ‘‘National Women’s Small Business Month’’ along with the celebration of the an-niversary of the signing of the Women’s 
Business Ownership Act of 1988 (Public Law 100–533; 102 Stat. 2689) that established the National Women’s Business Council and the Women’s Business Center program; 
Whereas there are over 9,900,000 women- 
owned small businesses in the United States; 
Whereas women-owned small businesses 
collected $1,600,000,000,000 in total receipts in 2012, which is an increase of 35 percent since 2007; 
Whereas the rate of growth for women- 
owned employer firms is 3 times that of men- owned employer firms; 
Whereas, since 2007, the number of women- 
owned small businesses in the United States has increased by 2,100,000 and women-owned small businesses have added nearly 1,500,000 more jobs; 
Whereas Congress continues to support the 
National Women’s Business Council and the focus of the National Women’s Business Council on alleviating obstacles faced by women small business owners and women en-trepreneurs; and 
Whereas the celebration of ‘‘National 
Women’s Small Business Month’’ would honor women small business owners and women entrepreneurs and recognize the sig-nificance of their contributions to the small business community: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) recognizes the month of October 2015 as 
‘‘National Women’s Small Business Month’’; 
(2) honors the vital role of women small 
business owners and women entrepreneurs in the United States during ‘‘National Women’s Small Business Month’’; 
(3) recognizes the significant contributions 
of women small business owners and women entrepreneurs to the small business commu-nity; 
(4) supports and encourages young women 
entrepreneurs to pursue their passions and create more start-up businesses; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07OC6.017 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7222 October 7, 2015 
(5) recognizes the importance of creating 
policies that promote a business-friendly en-vironment for small business owners that is free of unnecessary regulations and red tape; and 
(6) supports efforts to increase awareness 
of the value of women-owned small busi-nesses on the economy of the United States. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 281—DESIG-
NATING THE WEEK OF OCTOBER 5 THROUGH OCTOBER 9, 2015, AS ‘‘NATIONAL HEALTH INFORMA-TION TECHNOLOGY WEEK’’ TO RECOGNIZE THE VALUE OF HEALTH INFORMATION TECH-NOLOGY IN TRANSFORMING AND IMPROVING THE HEALTHCARE SYSTEM FOR ALL PEOPLE IN THE UNITED STATES 
Ms. STABENOW (for herself and Mr. 
T
HUNE ) submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 281 
Whereas 2015 celebrates the 10th anniver-
sary of National Health Information Tech-nology Week; 
Whereas Congress has emphasized that the 
use of health information technology is es-sential to providing coordinated care, ex-panding access to care, and improving the quality and safety of the mental and phys-ical health of all people in the United States; 
Whereas health information technology is 
essential for improving patient care, ensur-ing patient safety, stopping duplicative tests and paperwork, and reducing healthcare costs; 
Whereas Congress has recognized that the 
convergence of medical advances, health in-formation technology, and high-speed broadband networks are transforming the de-livery of care by bringing the healthcare pro-vider and patient together virtually, espe-cially those in disadvantaged populations and geographies; 
Whereas by 2020, the market segment for 
the healthcare-related Internet of Things, which allows data to move among people, sensors, and machines, is expected to ap-proach $120,000,000,000; 
Whereas personalized medicine is an im-
portant emerging healthcare topic that in-cludes the tailoring of medicines and treat-ments to the unique genetic blueprint and lifestyle and environmental data of each pa-tient and comparing that information to the information of other individuals to predict illness and determine best treatments; 
Whereas Congress has recognized and 
taken action to modernize regulations so as to grow the health information technology market, improve the health of all people in the United States, create high-demand jobs, and stimulate market innovation; and 
Whereas it is necessary to continue activi-
ties that are foundational to the trans-formation of healthcare delivery in the United States, including— 
(1) innovation in health information tech-
nology; 
(2) opening interoperability between sys-
tems and devices; and 
(3) the exchange of health information con-
fidently and securely among different pro-viders, systems, and insurers: Now, there-fore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates the week of October 5 
through October 9, 2015, as ‘‘National Health Information Technology Week’’; 
(2) recognizes the value of information 
technology and management systems in transforming healthcare for the people of the 
United States; 
(3) encourages all interested parties to pro-
mote the use of information technology and management systems to transform the healthcare system of the United States; and 
(4) calls on all people to be engaged in their 
mental and physical health through the use of health information technology. 
f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-
TION 23—SUPPORTING THE ES-TABLISHMENT OF A BIPARTISAN MUSEUM STUDY COMMISSION TO STUDY THE ESTABLISHMENT OF A NATIONAL MUSEUM OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE TO TELL THE IMMIGRATION AND MIGRA-TION STORIES OF ALL PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES 
Mr. SCHATZ submitted the following 
concurrent resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: 
S. C ON. RES. 23 
Whereas the United States was founded 
and built by people from every country who made the United States the economic, mili-tary, scientific, and cultural leader of the world; 
Whereas as of October 2015, there is no na-
tional museum in Washington, DC, that— 
(1) celebrates the making of the people of 
the United States; or 
(2) tells the migration history of any group 
of people to or within the United States; 
Whereas a National Museum of the Amer-
ican People would— 
(1) recount the history of all groups of peo-
ple who came to the United States and the contributions of those people to the United States; 
(2) have the theme E Pluribus Unum , the 
original motto of the United States; 
(3) celebrate every ethnic and minority 
group in the United States; 
(4) foster a sense of belonging to the United 
States; 
(5) contribute to a common national iden-
tity as people of the United States; 
(6) highlight the Declaration of Independ-
ence and the Constitution, the founding doc-uments of the United States; 
(7) explore the ways in which those docu-
ments shaped the character of the people of the United States and infused the people of the United States with common values; and 
(8) be a resource for State, local, and eth-
nic museums throughout the United States that present exhibits that celebrate the her-itage of the people of the United States; 
Whereas the people of the United States do 
not have a comprehensive and accurate pic-ture of the history of all of the people who founded and continue to build the United States; 
Whereas people from every ethnic group in 
the United States would visit a National Mu-seum of the American People to learn their own history and the history of every other ethnic group in the United States; 
Whereas a National Museum of the Amer-
ican People would attract foreign visitors and dignitaries because few foreigners know the story of the individuals who— 
(1) became citizens of the United States at 
the founding of the country; and 
(2) migrated to the United States from 
other countries; 
Whereas a museum that tells the story of 
the making of the people of the United States and celebrates all individuals who mi-grated and settled in the United States and the territories of the United States belongs near the National Mall in Washington, DC; Whereas Canada and Mexico have major 
popular museums in, or adjacent to, the cap-ital cities of those countries that tell the story of the making of the people of Canada and Mexico, respectively; 
Whereas the goals of a National Museum of 
the American People would be— 
(1) to be the best storytelling museum in 
the world; 
(2) to recount 1 of the most amazing stories 
in human history; 
(3) to celebrate all of the people who have 
become people of the United States; and 
(4) to foster learning at the museum and 
throughout the United States; 
Whereas non-Federal funding sources will 
be sought to defray the costs of a Museum Study Commission to study the establish-ment of a National Museum of the American People and the funding will commence on the date on which the President signs an Ex-ecutive order creating the bipartisan com-mission; 
Whereas no Federal appropriations will be 
sought to provide funding for— 
(1) the design, construction, or operation a 
National Museum of the American People; or 
(2) the exhibitions or components of the 
museum; and 
Whereas the National Museum of the 
American People will benefit all people of the United States: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-
resentatives concurring), That Congress sup-
ports the establishment of a bipartisan Mu-seum Study Commission to study the estab-lishment of a National Museum of the Amer-ican People to tell the immigration and mi-gration stories of all people of the United States, if none of the funding to plan, con-struct, or operate the museum is from Fed-eral appropriations. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 7, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Oc-tober 7, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SR–253 of the Russell Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘Removing Barriers to Wireless Broadband Deploy-ment.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 7, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., in room SD–406 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to con-duct a hearing entitled, ‘‘Oversight of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07OC6.009 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7223 October 7, 2015 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 7, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on October 7, 2015, in room SD–628 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, at 2:15 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND  
ENTREPRENEURSHIP  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship be authorized to meet dur-ing the session of the Senate on Octo-ber 7, 2015, at 11 a.m., in room SR–428A of the Russell Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Special Committee on Aging be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 7, 2015, at 2 p.m., in room SD–562 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting Seniors from Identity Theft: Is the Federal Government Doing Enough?’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON ANTITRUST , COMPETITION  
POLICY , AND CONSUMER RIGHTS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, Sub-committee on Antitrust, Competition Policy, and Consumer Rights, be au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate, on October 7, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘S. 2102, The ‘Stand-ard Merger and Acquisition Reviews Through Equal Rules Act of 2015’.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON EAST ASIA , THE PACIFIC , AND 
INTERNATIONAL CYBERSECURITY POLICY  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations Sub-committee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy be authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on October 7, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing the North Korea Threat and U.S. Policy: Strategic Patience or Ef-fective Deterrence?’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. TRANSNATIONAL DRUG 
TRAFFICKING ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 232, S. 32. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 32) to provide the Department of 
Justice with additional tools to target extraterritorial drug trafficking activity, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (S. 32) was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 32 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the 
‘‘Transnational Drug Trafficking Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. POSSESSION, MANUFACTURE OR DIS-
TRIBUTION FOR PURPOSES OF UN-LAWFUL IMPORTATIONS. 
Section 1009 of the Controlled Substances 
Import and Export Act (21 U.S.C. 959) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) 
as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; and 
(2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘It shall’’ 
and all that follows and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘It shall be unlawful for any person to manufacture or distribute a controlled substance in schedule I or II or flunitrazepam or a listed chemical intending, knowing, or having reasonable cause to be-lieve that such substance or chemical will be unlawfully imported into the United States or into waters within a distance of 12 miles of the coast of the United States. 
‘‘(b) It shall be unlawful for any person to 
manufacture or distribute a listed chem-ical— 
‘‘(1) intending or knowing that the listed 
chemical will be used to manufacture a con-trolled substance; and 
‘‘(2) intending, knowing, or having reason-
able cause to believe that the controlled sub-stance will be unlawfully imported into the United States.’’. 
SEC. 3. TRAFFICKING IN COUNTERFEIT GOODS 
OR SERVICES. 
Chapter 113 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in section 2318(b)(2), by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 2320(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2320(f)’’; and 
(2) in section 2320— (A) in subsection (a), by striking paragraph 
(4) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(4) traffics in a drug and knowingly uses 
a counterfeit mark on or in connection with such drug,’’; 
(B) in subsection (b)(3), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘coun-terfeit drug’’ and inserting ‘‘drug that uses a counterfeit mark on or in connection with the drug’’; and 
(C) in subsection (f), by striking paragraph 
(6) and inserting the following: ‘‘(6) the term ‘drug’ means a drug, as de-
fined in section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321).’’. 
f 
SOCIAL MEDIA WORKING GROUP 
ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 234, H.R. 623. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 623) to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to establish a so-cial media working group, and for other pur-poses. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
H.R. 623 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘DHS Social 
Media Improvement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. SOCIAL MEDIA WORKING GROUP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title III of the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 181 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 318. SOCIAL MEDIA WORKING GROUP. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish within the Department a social media working group (in this section referred to as the ‘Group’). 
‘‘(b) P
URPOSE .—In order to enhance the dis-
semination of information through social media technologies between the Department and ap-propriate stakeholders and to improve use of so-cial media technologies in support of prepared-ness, response, and recovery, the Group shall identify, and provide guidance and best prac-tices to the emergency preparedness and re-sponse community on, the use of social media technologies before, during, and after a natural disaster or an act of terrorism or other man- made disaster. 
‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Membership of the Group 
shall be composed of a cross section of subject matter experts from Federal, State, local, tribal, territorial, and nongovernmental organization practitioners, including representatives from the following entities: 
‘‘(A) The Office of Public Affairs of the De-
partment. 
‘‘(B) The Office of the Chief Information Offi-
cer of the Department. 
‘‘(C) The Privacy Office of the Department. ‘‘(D) The Federal Emergency Management 
Agency. 
‘‘(E) The Office of Disability Integration and 
Coordination of the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency. 
‘‘(F) The American Red Cross. ‘‘(G) The Forest Service. ‘‘(H) The Centers for Disease Control and Pre-
vention. 
‘‘(I) The United States Geological Survey. ‘‘(J) The National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
Administration. 
‘‘(2) C
HAIRPERSON ; CO-CHAIRPERSON .— 
‘‘(A) C HAIRPERSON .—The Secretary, or a des-
ignee of the Secretary, shall serve as the chair-person of the Group. 
‘‘(B) C
O-CHAIRPERSON .—The chairperson shall 
designate, on a rotating basis, a representative from a State or local government who is a mem-ber of the Group to serve as the co-chairperson of the Group. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A07OC6.006 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7224 October 7, 2015 
‘‘(3) A DDITIONAL MEMBERS .—The chairperson 
shall appoint, on a rotating basis, qualified in-dividuals to the Group. The total number of such additional members shall— 
‘‘(A) be equal to or greater than the total 
number of regular members under paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(B) include— ‘‘(i) not fewer than 3 representatives from the 
private sector; and 
‘‘(ii) representatives from— ‘‘(I) State, local, tribal, and territorial enti-
ties, including from— 
‘‘(aa) law enforcement; ‘‘(bb) fire services; ‘‘(cc) emergency management; and ‘‘(dd) public health entities; ‘‘(II) universities and academia; and ‘‘(III) nonprofit disaster relief organizations. ‘‘(4) T
ERM LIMITS .—The chairperson shall es-
tablish term limits for individuals appointed to the Group under paragraph (3). 
‘‘(d) C
ONSULTATION WITHNON-MEMBERS .—To 
the extent practicable, the Group shall work with entities in the public and private sectors to carry out subsection (b). 
‘‘(e) M
EETINGS .— 
‘‘(1) I NITIAL MEETING .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Group shall hold its initial meeting. 
‘‘(2) S
UBSEQUENT MEETINGS .—After the initial 
meeting under paragraph (1), the Group shall meet— 
‘‘(A) at the call of the chairperson; and ‘‘(B) not less frequently than twice each year. ‘‘(3) V
IRTUAL MEETINGS .—Each meeting of the 
Group may be held virtually. 
‘‘(f) R EPORTS .—During each year in which the 
Group meets, the Group shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a report that includes the following: 
‘‘(1) A review and analysis of current and 
emerging social media technologies being used to support preparedness and response activities re-lated to natural disasters and acts of terrorism and other man-made disasters. 
‘‘(2) A review of best practices and lessons 
learned on the use of social media technologies during the response to natural disasters and acts of terrorism and other man-made disasters that occurred during the period covered by the report at issue. 
‘‘(3) Recommendations to improve the Depart-
ment’s use of social media technologies for emer-gency management purposes. 
‘‘(4) Recommendations to improve public 
awareness of the type of information dissemi-nated through social media technologies, and how to access such information, during a nat-ural disaster or an act of terrorism or other man-made disaster. 
‘‘(5) A review of available training for Fed-
eral, State, local, tribal, and territorial officials on the use of social media technologies in re-sponse to a natural disaster or an act of ter-rorism or other man-made disaster. 
‘‘(6) A review of coordination efforts with the 
private sector to discuss and resolve legal, oper-ational, technical, privacy, and security con-cerns. 
‘‘(g) D
URATION OF GROUP .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Group shall terminate 
on the date that is 5 years after the date of en-actment of this section unless the chairperson renews the Group for a successive 5-year period, prior to the date on which the Group would oth-erwise terminate, by submitting to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representa-tives a certification that the continued existence of the Group is necessary to fulfill the purpose described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(2) C
ONTINUED RENEWAL .—The chairperson 
may continue to renew the Group for successive 5-year periods by submitting a certification in accordance with paragraph (1) prior to the date on which the Group would otherwise termi-nate.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 317 the following: 
‘‘Sec. 318. Social media working group.’’. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported substitute amendment be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The committee-reported amendment 
in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. 
The amendment was ordered to be 
engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. 
The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 623), as amended, was 
passed. 
f 
LIBRARIAN OF CONGRESS SUCCES-
SION MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. 2162, introduced earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2162) to establish a 10-year term 
for the service of the Librarian of Congress. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to re-consider be laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (S. 2162) was ordered to be 
engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2162 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Librarian of 
Congress Succession Modernization Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. APPOINTMENT AND TERM OF SERVICE OF 
LIBRARIAN OF CONGRESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall ap-
point the Librarian of Congress, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. 
(b) T
ERM OF SERVICE .—The Librarian of 
Congress shall be appointed for a term of 10 years. 
(c) R
EAPPOINTMENT .—An individual ap-
pointed to the position of Librarian of Con-gress, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, may be reappointed to that posi-tion in accordance with subsections (a) and (b). 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall 
apply with respect to appointments made on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3. CONFORMING AMENDMENT. 
The first paragraph under the center head-
ing ‘‘ LIBRARY OF CONGRESS ’’ under the center 
heading ‘‘LEGISLATIVE’’ of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act Making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the Government for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and ninety- eight, and for other purposes’’, approved Feb-ruary 19, 1897 (29 Stat. 544, chapter 265; 2 U.S.C. 136), is amended by striking ‘‘to be ap-pointed by the President, by and with the ad-vice and consent of the Senate,’’. 
f 
NATIONAL DYSLEXIA AWARENESS 
MONTH 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Judi-ciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 275. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the resolution 
by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 275) calling on Con-
gress, schools, and State and local edu-cational agencies to recognize the signifi-cant educational implications of dyslexia that must be addressed and designating Oc-tober 2015 as ‘‘National Dyslexia Awareness Month.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 275) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in the R
ECORD of October 1, 
2015, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
NATIONAL WOMEN’S SMALL 
BUSINESS MONTH 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 280, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 280) recognizing the 
month of October 2015 as ‘‘National Women’s Small Business Month.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table with no in-tervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 280) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07OC6.027 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7225 October 7, 2015 
NATIONAL HEALTH INFORMATION 
TECHNOLOGY WEEK 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 281. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 281) designating the 
week of October 5 through October 9, 2015, as ‘‘National Health Information Technology Week’’ to recognize the value of health infor-mation technology in transforming and im-proving the healthcare system for all people in the United States. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
know of no further debate on the reso-lution. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Hearing 
no further debate, the question is on agreeing to the resolution. 
The resolution (S. Res. 281) was 
agreed to. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the pre-amble be agreed to and the motions to reconsider be laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) PROVIDING FOR CORRECTIONS TO 
THE ENROLLMENT OF H.R. 1735 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of H. Con. Res. 81, which is at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 81) 
providing for corrections to the enrollment of the bill H.R. 1735. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the concurrent resolution be agreed to and the motion to recon-sider be laid upon the table with no in-tervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The concurrent resolution (H. Con. 
Res. 81) was agreed to. 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, OCTOBER 
8, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Thursday, Oc-tober 8; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use 
later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business until 10:45 a.m., with the time equally divided between the two leaders or their designees, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each; that at 10:45 a.m., the Senate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 2028; that the time from 10:45 a.m. until 11:30 a.m. be controlled by the majority, that the time between 11:30 a.m. and 12:15 p.m. be controlled by the Demo-crats, and that the time between 12:15 p.m. and 12:45 p.m. be equally divided between the two leaders or their des-ignees; further, that notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, the vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to H.R. 2028 occur at 12:45 p.m. on Thursday, October 8. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:53 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, October 8, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07OC6.079 S07OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1439 October 7, 2015 
ADOPTIVE FAMILY RELIEF ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 6, 2015 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support 
of this legislation and appreciate Chairman G
OODLATTE ’s work to bring it to the floor. 
Mr. Speaker, all of us have had constituents 
who have adopted children internationally. These families go through a long, complex and very emotional process as they wait on legal decisions and government reviews. 
Along with the emotional stress can come fi-
nancial stress too. In a number of cases, as wait times lengthen and lengthen, an adoptive child’s American visa will expire before they are able to leave their home country. This means the American parents adopting this child have to reapply and repay hefty fees. 
But under this legislation, that reapplication 
fee can be waived if a family is faced with ex-traordinary circumstances outside their control. 
This is common sense. Mr. Speaker, passage of this bill—and the 
President’s signature—means immediate help for hundreds of American families seeking to adopt children from the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The Foreign Affairs Committee has been particularly focused on this tragic and frustrating situation. 
These American families have been unable 
to bring their legally adopted children home from the DRC because of a bureaucratic chokehold by the Congolese government. In some cases, some children who had a loving home ready and waiting in the United States died in Congo’s orphanages. Yes, died. 
Nearly every congressional district has a 
family impacted by this tragic policy of the Congolese government. 
I have met with a number of families from 
Southern California, who have adopted chil-dren from the DRC that they now cannot take home. Some of these families have paid over $1,000 in fees to the U.S. government—and will continue to pay more—to keep their adop-tive child’s visa active, while they wait in limbo for the Congolese government to do the right thing. 
Mr. Speaker, last month marked the two- 
year anniversary of the DRC suspending inter-national adoptions. For two years these fami-lies have been hurting. The Congolese system is failing these children, for sure. But today, the American system will respond to give these families some relief during this time of distress. We are doing all we can to see that these legally adopted children are allowed into loving American homes, but for now, we can all feel good about relieving this financial bur-den. CONGRATULATIONS TO THE PEO-
PLE OF TAIWAN ON DOUBLE TEN DAY 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, as the people 
of Taiwan celebrate their national day, Double Ten Day, on October 10th, I would like to ex-tend my congratulations and best wishes to them. 
The United States and Taiwan enjoy a long-
standing relationship that stems from our shared values: democracy, the rule of law, and free enterprise. Not only an important se-curity partner, Taiwan is also a strong eco-nomic partner—in fact, our 10th—largest trad-ing partner now almost two years running. In 2014, Colorado’s exports to Taiwan reached $191.5 million, a 32.6% increase from 2012. Taiwan is Colorado’s 7th largest export market in Asia, and 14th largest export market in the world. Colorado companies have substantial opportunities to expand their business and co-operation with Taiwan. These accomplish-ments have been greatly aided by the Taipei Economic and Cultural Office and I am proud that it now calls Denver home. Equally impor-tant are the Taiwanese-Americans living in Colorado and the wealth of knowledge and entrepreneurial energy they bring to Colorado. The Taiwanese-American community has thrived in the Centennial State and has served as an economic engine for the 6th Congres-sional District. Furthermore, our students rep-resent a bright future and it has been my honor to work closely with the Colorado Chi-nese Language School, which is organized by the Taiwanese community, by presenting cer-tificates to excelling students at their ‘‘Year- End’’ celebration. 
Given the increasing importance of Taiwan’s 
trade with the rest of the world, it is in our best interest to see Taiwan and its 23 million peo-ple enjoy a balanced trade partnership that is fully integrated in global and regional trading regimes. Taiwan should be allowed to join the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), as it is a close ally and an important economic engine of Asia-Pacific. Additionally, I support a Bilat-eral Investment Agreement between the United States and Taiwan to provide greater protections for investors, while fostering con-fidence and encouraging movement in other items on the trade agenda. 
I believe the United States should continue 
to enhance our friendship with Taiwan and we in Congress must to do everything in our power to enrich this valuable relationship. HONORING THE LIFE OF COACH 
ANTHONY ‘‘TONY’’ NAPOLET 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the life of a dear friend and mentor. A devoted family man, a respected teacher and coach, Anthony ‘‘Tony’’ Napolet, passed away Saturday, Sept. 26, 2015, at the age of 77, surrounded by his loving family. Tony was born July 4, 1938, in Warren, the son of Har-old and Lucy (DiPaolo) Napolet. 
Tony was a 1956 graduate of St. Mary’s 
High School. Tony also received his Bach-elor’s Degree in Education from Marquette University in Milwaukee, where he played and lettered in football. Following graduation, Tony coached the freshman squad at Marquette while attending Marquette University’s School of Law. Tony returned to the Warren area, where he would begin an illustrious coaching career that would span five decades. 
Tony coached football for more than 50 
years with over 35 years as a head coach. He took pride in all his teams and his kids. His overall record was 214–104–3. Tony won many championships, to include two state run-ner-ups, three regional championships, five state semi-finals, and a 1991 state champion-ship. 
Coach Napolet was recognized with many 
honors from countless organizations which in-cluded Coach of the Year in 1991, the 1995 John F. Kennedy Golden Eagle Award, the 2004 Mahoning Valley Italian-American Sports Hall of Fame Man-of-the-Year, the 2006 Asso-ciated Press Coach of the Year, the 2011 Kennedy Sports Hall of Fame, Warren Sports Hall of Fame, and the 2013 Ohio High School Football Coaches Association Hall of Fame. He was a past member of the Ohio High School Football Coaches Association and Trumbull County Coaches Association. 
Although Coach Tony Napolet’s football ca-
reer is impressive, his greatest success is the impact he has made on his family, friends, players, fellow coaches, and community. You will never find a more compassionate, gen-erous, and loving person than Tony Napolet, a proud Italian American, a loving father, grand-father, brother, uncle, and friend. Tony always lived by his lifelong mantra, God, family, Catholic education, and football. 
Tony was a man of strong faith. He was an 
active member of St. Mary’s Church in War-ren. 
Tony will be deeply missed by his two sons, 
Harold J. and Mario R. (Paula) Napolet of Pickerington; and his loving daughter, Natalie A. (Greg) Hoso; his beloved grandchildren, Aarika and Anthony Napolet, Mario, Olivia, and Ella Napolet, and Ambrose, Ava and Gennaro Hoso. 
Tony is also survived by his two sisters, 
Norma Napolet and Marie Guanciale; his brother-in-law, Manlio Guanciale; and his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07OC8.001 E07OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1440 October 7, 2015 
nephew and niece, Christopher and Joanna 
Guanciale. He is also survived by his former wife and dear friend, Mary Jo Napolet. 
Tony was preceded in death by his parents, 
Harold and Lucy (DiPaolo) Napolet. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. MARK 
ISAACS 
HON. JOHN C. CARNEY, JR. 
OF DELAWARE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Mr. CARNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Mr. Mark Isaacs and his work on behalf of Delaware farmers. This weekend, Mr. Isaacs’ work was acknowledged by the Sussex County Farm Bureau with the Distin-guished Service to Agriculture Award. Mr. Isaacs is a lifelong resident of Delaware— born and raised in Sussex County. He re-ceived his Bachelor’s and Master’s degrees from Clemson University, and a Doctorate from Virginia Tech. 
In 1986, Mr. Isaacs began his career at the 
University of Delaware. Since then, he has contributed to UD, and Delaware’s agriculture community, in innumerable ways. Mr. Isaacs now serves as the Director of the Elbert N. & Ann V. Carvel Research and Education Cen-ter. He oversees, directs, and supports re-search in addition to teaching students in sev-eral subject areas. 
Mr. Isaacs not only plays an active role at 
UD, he also has given back to our community in many other ways. He has worked with high school students on special projects and with local high schools to improve their agriculture and environmental programs. He has also served on boards of education, agriculture task forces, and policy and scholarship com-mittees. 
I want to thank Mr. Isaacs for his dedicated 
service to the Delaware farm community, and commend him on his well-deserved Distin-guished Service Award. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF JOSE M. TORRES 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the life and legacy of the late Jose M. Torres. Jose Torres was a son of Guam and a member of our greatest generation who suffered the occupation of Guam during World War II. Jose passed away on September 28, 2015 at the age of 88. He was also an author, radio show host and medical researcher who shared his deep love for Guam and our peo-ple. 
In February of 2015, Jose’s memoir of his 
World War II experiences was published by the University of Guam Micronesian Area Re-search Center. His book, ‘‘Massacre at Ata ˚te’’, 
tells the story of a brave battle he fought in against the Japanese during the Japanese oc-cupation of Guam. 
Jose wrote the story and had it published to 
preserve a very important part of Guam’s his-tory and have it shared with future genera-tions. He had joined a group of men from the 
village of Merizo who lost their families when Japanese soldiers massacred them in nearby caves. Jose was the youngest of the group and joined the men in helping the U.S. Navy by providing intelligence on the Japanese oc-cupiers and giving updates on the situation facing the Chamorros. The battle dem-onstrated the strength and perseverance of the Chamorro people, especially during such a difficult time and with barely any weapons. 
Jose also served the island as a medical re-
searcher with the National Institutes of Health. Jose’s team studied the high rates of Parkin-son’s disease, Dementia, and Lou Gehrig’s disease on Guam. Additionally, Jose will be remembered fondly for his love of classical music which he demonstrated through hosting the two-hour radio program ‘‘Classical Con-cert’’ on Guam’s public radio. 
I am deeply saddened by the passing of 
Jose M. Torres, and I join the people of Guam in celebrating his life and recognizing his dedi-cated service to Guam. My thoughts and pray-ers are with his family, loved ones and friends. He will be missed, and his memory will live on in the hearts of the people of Guam. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF H OYIN YUEN, 
MIDDLE SCHOOL ART EDUCATOR OF THE YEAR 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
recognition of HoYin Yuen, who was named the Middle School Art Educator of the Year for 2016 by the Massachusetts Art Education As-sociation. 
Every year, the Massachusetts Art Edu-
cation Association recognizes outstanding educators, like Yuen, who set an example in providing quality art education to students while also contributing to their profession. Yuen became an art teacher because he knew it would always be a fulfilling vocation. A native of Cape Cod, Yuen pursued an under-graduate degree at Emmanuel College and a Master’s in Art Education from the University of Massachusetts-Dartmouth, but he always wanted to return to his community to teach and impact young minds. He takes particular interest in teaching middle school students, where he finds the age group both challenging yet rewarding. 
Yuen employs a variety of creative mediums 
to teach a broad curriculum over the course of the school year. His enthusiasm for art and passion for teaching has not gone unnoticed by his colleagues. Many have admired his ability to adapt his assignments to address the needs of all his students and his teaching style leaves his students, parents and other teachers alike at ease. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring 
HoYin Yuen for receiving this prestigious rec-ognition. I know all my colleagues in the House join me in wishing him nothing but suc-cess in the future. RECOGNIZING THE YMCA OF CEN-
TRAL FLORIDA AND THE ROPER FAMILY YMCA COMMUNITY IM-PACT 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to recognize the YMCA of Central Florida and the good work they do in our com-munity. 
With its focus on Youth Development, 
Healthy Living and Social Responsibility, YMCA of Central Florida is helping us change our approach to community health and chronic disease prevention. Today, I bring to your at-tention how this is happening on a local level through public private partnerships. 
In West Orange County as part of Metropoli-
tan Orlando, the Roper YMCA Family Center is expanding to become the community’s des-tination for healthy living, made possible in partnership with its local healthcare system and healthcare district. Leveraging each orga-nization’s strengths and resources, the Roper Y will be making health education more acces-sible to thousands more residents, offering more Y Diabetes Prevention programs, and helping residents of all ages and incomes start and stick to healthier lifestyles. 
On behalf of the citizens of Central Florida, 
I wish to thank and congratulate the Roper YMCA Family Center and its partners, the West Orange Healthcare District and Health Central Hospital—Orlando Health, for their commitment to improving the health of Central Florida. 
f 
REMEMBERING LEON FRANKEL 
HON. STEVE ISRAEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to re-
member a remarkable hero of the United States and Israel, Leon Frankel. I would like to recognize his heroic efforts and remarkable sacrifice in defending both countries during World War II and Israel’s War of Independ-ence. 
Leon was born in St. Paul, Minnesota in 
1923 and, at a young age, he was fascinated with the thought of flying. After he graduated high school, he pursued his dream and was accepted into the V–5 Naval Aviation Pro-gram. After completing the program, Leon joined Air Group 9, and as a pilot in Torpedo Squadron 9 he flew 25 missions while aboard the USS Lexington and the USS Yorktown . In 
February of 1945, Leon took part in the first Navy raid on Tokyo. 
After the War, Leon returned to his native 
Minnesota and served in the Navy Reserves. In May of 1948, he was recruited by the newly-founded State of Israel to become a member of their first Fighter Squadron, the 101. He fought bravely for the nascent nation against almost impossible odds, flying 25 mis-sions during Israel’s War of Independence. 
After returning to the United States, Leon 
rejoined his Navy Reserve Squadron, and served until 1959 when he was honorably dis-charged. As a testament to his exemplary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07OC8.002 E07OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1441 October 7, 2015 
service to the United States, Frankel was 
awarded many decorations including the Navy Cross, two Distinguished Flying Crosses, three Air Medals and two Presidential Citations. 
It is with a heavy heart that I must an-
nounce Leon Frankel passed away this week. However, he will never be forgotten and his life will be remembered as one of exceptional service and commitment to both the United States and Israel. Leon Frankel is a true hero. 
f 
HONORING BARRY CICERO 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Mr. Barry Cicero of Western Springs who passed away on October 2, 2015. Barry was known for his remarkable dedication to his family, church, community, and fellow vet-erans. 
Mr. Cicero was a veteran of the United 
States Army and served as a nuclear weap-ons storage specialist in Alaska during the Vietnam War era. He was a graduate and ac-tive alum of both St. Mel’s High School and DePaul University. For many years he worked as Director of Auditing at UFCW Union and Pension Funds. 
Barry honorably served the American Le-
gion in Illinois for many years. He held mul-tiple leadership roles including Post Com-mander at the Robert E. Coulter, Jr. Post, Fifth District Commander, and First Division Commander. Mr. Cicero continued to work as a community relations contact with American Legion even after his term as commander ended. He was consistently engaged in pro-grams to help his fellow veterans and every-one in the community. 
Mr. Cicero will best be remembered for his 
compassion, integrity, and warm spirit. He was active at St. John of the Cross Catholic Church and was a loving family man. Those of us who knew him will miss his thoughtfulness and enthusiastic kindness. 
Today I ask my colleagues to join me in 
honoring Mr. Barry Cicero, a truly admirable man. His leadership and dedication to his community were extraordinary and will not be forgotten. 
f 
RECOGNIZING TAIWAN’S 104TH 
NATIONAL DAY 
HON. ALBIO SIRES 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Mr. SIRES. Mr. Speaker, I rise, along with 
the other co-chairs of the Congressional Tai-wan Caucus—Representative M
ARIO DIAZ- 
BALART , Representative G ERALD E. C ONNOLLY , 
and Representative G REGG HARPER —to com-
memorate the upcoming 104th National Day of the Republic of China (ROC) on October 10th. Marking this special occasion underscores the critical importance of the United States and Taiwan relationship throughout history. 
The pillars of United States cross-Strait pol-
icy are the 1979 Taiwan Relations Act and the 1982 Six Assurances. The United States sup-ports peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait 
and the democratic institutions of Taiwan. Any future evolution in cross-Strait relations can only be achieved through the non-use of force and by respecting the will of the people of Tai-wan. Further, we hope to continue to work with our colleagues in Congress on providing Taiwan access to meaningful participation in international organizations, such as in the World Health Organization (WHO) and Inter-national Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO). 
Mr. Speaker, as we observe the ROC’s 
104th National Day, we should use this occa-sion to rededicate ourselves to the tenets of our longstanding and close partnership with Taiwan. The commitment of the United States to provide Taiwan with a sufficient defensive capability under the Taiwan Relations Act is critical to both peace in the Taiwan Strait and regional stability. It also serves U.S. national interests as we continue to re-balance atten-tion and resources to the Asia-Pacific. Our commercial relationship with Taiwan, our tenth largest trading partner, will also be well-served by a framework of peace and stability in the region. 
Mr. Speaker, the people of Taiwan are 
noble, peaceful, and hard-working. We invite our colleagues in the House of Representa-tives to learn more about our friendship with Taiwan and join the Congressional Taiwan Caucus, the largest nation-based caucus in the House of Representatives. Again, we are honored to rise today to celebrate the 104th birthday to our great friend, Taiwan. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JOE P. 
OLIVEIRA 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with 
my colleague Mr. D AVID VALADAO to pay trib-
ute to the life of our good friend, Joe P. Oliveira Sr. of Lemoore, California who re-cently passed away at the age of 89. He leaves behind his loving family including his daughters, Marlene Jeung and husband Don, Patty Silva and husband Denny, Debbie Etchebehere and husband Jean, Cheryl Silva and husband Russ; daughter in law, Pam Oliveira, Son-in-law Darryl Ray, Brothers Jon, Frank, Westley, Leonard, Manuel, Edward, Louie and sister Mary, along with 16 grand-children; and 29 great grandchildren. 
Joe P. Oliveira Sr. was born in Hanford, CA 
on January 28, 1926 to John P. and Eliza Leal Oliveira he was the fourth born of 12 children. Joe P., as he liked to be called, was a man who dedicated himself to his family and the dairy industry in the San Joaquin Valley and California. He returned to the family dairy after his honorable discharge from the U.S. Army- Air Force in 1947. He bought his own dairy in 1953 and throughout his working years he dedicated his time and efforts to his love of dairy. 
He served on the Kings County Creamery 
Association Board for over 20 years and Chal-lenge Cream and Butter Association Board for fifteen years. This experience and his involve-ment with the Western Dairyman’s Association prompted then Governor Reagan to appoint Joe P. to the Milk Pooling Formulation Com-mittee which resulted in a program that helped 
all dairymen. 
After selling his dairy, he worked full time for 
Western Dairyman’s from 1973 to 1987 and upon his retirement he was presented with a Resolution from the California State Legisla-ture recognizing his contributions to the dairy industry. 
Joe P. married the love of his life Adeline 
Paulo; they were blessed with one son, and five daughters. He was actively involved in the Lemoore Trinity Association for over 50 years. He led the efforts of many, placing calves on dairy farms where his many friends raised them. They were then sold with the donations going towards building a new hall at Lemoore Trinity Association. He also served on the Kings County Grand Jury. 
It goes without saying that Joe P. Oliveira 
Sr. was an honorable man with a commitment to his family and friends and the agricultural community in the San Joaquin Valley that will forever live in the lives of the people he so graciously touched. His passion for family, education, and his community will be remem-bered by all who knew him. He was my friend and I will miss him a great deal. He conducted his life with reverence for humanity. It is with great pride that I honor him for all he did on behalf of the San Joaquin Valley and for Cali-fornia. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect that Mr. 
V
ALADAO and I ask our colleagues in the 
House of Representatives to join us in hon-oring the life of Joe P. Oliveira Sr., a remark-able Californian. We are honored and hum-bled to join his family in celebrating the life of this amazing man who will never be forgotten. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF PETER J. 
ADONIZIO, RECIPIENT OF 2015 ITALIAN-AMERICAN ASSOCIA-TION’S LIFETIME ACHIEVEMENT AWARD 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Peter J. Adonizio who will be awarded the Italian-American Association’s Lifetime Achievement Award on Sunday, Octo-ber 11, 2015. A native of Pittston, Pennsyl-vania, Peter has a long history of service to his local community and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. 
Peter attended Scranton Preparatory School 
and is a graduate of St. Leo University in Flor-ida. In 1983, Peter studied at the Simmons In-stitute of Funeral Service, earning a diploma in Mortuary Science. Upon completing his intern-ship and completing the requirements of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, Peter be-came a licensed funeral director in 1984. 
After completing his education, Peter 
worked for his family’s asphalt company until 1991. He then worked as a probation officer for Luzerne County, PA. In 1993, Peter was appointed by Luzerne County as a deputy cor-oner. Four years later, he was appointed Dep-uty Court Administrator, also earning his dis-trict magistrate certification. In 2000, after a Pennsylvania Supreme Court order and the formation of the Unified Judicial Court System, Peter became a Deputy Court Administrator 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07OC8.007 E07OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1442 October 7, 2015 
for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Dur-
ing that time, Peter received a special com-mendation from the Pennsylvania Supreme Court for his service to the judicial system as a member of the Judicial Council’s Committee on Judicial Security and Emergency Prepared-ness. He retired in 2013, after twenty years of service. 
In addition to his career in government, 
Peter also worked as a funeral director. Peter established the Peter J. Adonizio Funeral Home in 2001 in West Pittston. As a result of flooding caused by Tropical Storm Lee in 2011, Peter relocated his funeral home to Wil-liam Street in Pittston. Adonizio is a member of the Luzerne County Funeral Directors Asso-ciation, Pennsylvania Funeral Directors Asso-ciation, and the National Funeral Directors As-sociation. 
It is an honor to recognize Peter for all of 
his community and state accomplishments, and I extend my congratulations on his award. I wish him the best in all future endeavors and thank him for the contributions he has made serving his fellow Pennsylvanians. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THOMAS 
QUIGLEY ON HOMETOWN HERO AWARD 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I am hon-
ored to congratulate Thomas Clayton Quigley of Bedford, Texas, on his receipt of the City of Bedford’s Hometown Hero Award for his serv-ice to our nation and outstanding citizenship in his community. 
Thomas chose to enlist in the United States 
Army in 1942, in the midst of World War II. He graduated Officer Candidate School and be-came a First Lieutenant who served in Com-pany E, 2nd Battalion, 23rd Infantry Regiment in the 2nd Infantry Division. After training in Scotland and England, Thomas and his unit landed on Omaha Beach on June 7, 1944, shortly after the first D-Day landings to liberate Europe from Nazi Germany. He was wounded twice in France but ultimately continued to fight, participating in the Battle of the Bulge. He recounts that, in the middle of war, he and his men were often too busy to be afraid, re-flecting that, ‘‘it was our job, the one we signed up for.’’ 
After Germany surrendered, Thomas was 
stationed at Fort Swift in Texas, awaiting de-ployment to the Pacific, which was preempted by the Japanese surrender in August, 1945. While at Fort Swift, he met his wife, Barbara, when he and some friends decided to talk to some young women on a porch in Austin. He offered to help her when she brought out some water and she says ‘‘He has been help-ing me ever since.’’ Together they have been married almost seventy years and have three children—Barbette, Kay, and Keith—and three grandchildren and two great-grandchildren. He says that surviving the war is ‘‘one of [his] greatest accomplishments’’ but that it is his ‘‘wonderful family that has made [him] truly blessed.’’ 
Thomas took advantage of the G.I. bill and 
went to study at Michigan State University, bringing his new wife with him. They returned to Texas for the weather (Thomas says, ‘‘I 
survived the Bulge weather but couldn’t stand the cold Michigan weather’’), and he grad-uated from Texas Tech with a degree in agronomy. At first, like many returning vet-erans, finding a job in civilian life was difficult and he was a guard at the gate of a food plant. He eventually became a dispatcher for Central Freight Lines for 28 years, retiring in 1984. Even after retirement, Thomas was en-gaged and industrious, becoming the owner of a local 9-hole golf course and driving range. 
In his later years, Thomas has also become 
involved in keeping the recorded memories of World War II available for the public and future generations. With two Purple Hearts and two Bronze Stars, he went with Barbara to the 40th anniversary ceremonies at Normandy in 1984. Since that experience, he has written a memoir book, World War II, My War, logged his oral accounts in the National World War II museum in New Orleans, Louisiana, received the French Legion of Honor medal, and been featured recounting the Battle of the Bulge on the History Channel in 2008. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 24th Congres-
sional District of Texas, I ask all my distin-guished colleagues to join me in congratu-lating Thomas Quigley on the Hometown Hero Award, honoring his valor and strong citizen-ship, and thanking him for his selfless sacrifice for our nation and freedom in the Second World War. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for 
roll call votes 519 through 520 due to congres-sional travel. 
Had I been present. I would have voted yes 
on Number 519 and yes on Number 520. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. EVAN H. JENKINS 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
on roll call no. 535, due to an in-district event announcing new funding for displaced coal miners and their families to pay for job retrain-ing and educational opportunities, I was un-able to cast my vote on this bill. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF GREATER 
BEALLWOOD BAPTIST CHURCH’S 139TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is 
my honor and pleasure to extend my sincere congratulations to the congregation of Greater Beallwood Baptist Church in Columbus, Geor-gia as they celebrate a remarkable 139 years. 
An anniversary celebration will be held on Sunday, October 11, 2015 at 2:30 p.m. at the church in Columbus. The event will also be an opportunity to welcome Reverend Adrian J. Chester as the church’s new pastor. 
Greater Beallwood Baptist Church traces its 
roots back to the post-Civil War era in 1876, when Beallwood Baptist Church was first orga-nized under the leadership of Reverend Bos-ton Miles and Deacon Albert Harper. 
Over the years, the church would see many 
outstanding leaders but perhaps the most noteworthy were Reverend I.S.H. Allen, who served sixteen fruitful years from 1920 until his passing in 1936, and Reverend James Carter Cook, who served for four decades as the church grew and flourished tremendously. 
In addition to the achievements of pastors, 
many laymen have also made significant con-tributions to the life of the church. In 1905, Deacon Eddie Borders became chairman of the Board of Deacons and served for over fifty years. The church would see many more dedi-cated citizen leaders, men and women, called to serve all the way into the 21st century. 
In 1956, Beallwood Baptist Church became 
incorporated and the name was changed to Greater Beallwood Baptist Church, Inc. A growing church membership at Greater Beallwood meant pastors had a larger flock to shepherd. In 1975, Greater Beallwood began meeting in worship every Sunday morning, rather than two Sundays out of the month. The church then called upon its first assistant pastor, Reverend Billy J. Carter, to assist in growing pastoral duties. 
In January 1987, the church was blessed 
when the Lord placed Reverend Willie L. Hill over this flock. Much was accomplished during Rev. Hill’s twenty-eight years as pastor, in-cluding increased participation in the learning programs of the church, especially Sunday School and Bible Study. In 2010, Rev. Hill in-stituted Children’s Church for children ages 5 through 12. Not only did Rev. Hill’s leadership grow the congregation in number and in spirit, but it also was instrumental in the building of a new sanctuary that would accommodate the numerous church services and meetings. 
In 2014, God had strategically placed Rev-
erend Adrian J. Chester as the church’s first youth pastor. After Rev. Hill’s retirement in 2015, Rev. Chester became the seventeenth pastor of Greater Beallwood Baptist Church. 
Today, Greater Beallwood is blessed to 
have numerous ministries and fellowship op-portunities. Fellowship at Greater Beallwood is characterized by unconditional love, rich in re-lationship with God, family, and friends. The members of Greater Beallwood reflect this idea of fellowship throughout the community by serving those in need. 
The story of the Greater Beallwood Baptist 
Church, which began as a small group of peo-ple worshipping 139 years ago and has grown into an expansive and successful church, is truly an inspiring one of the dedication and perseverance of a faithful congregation of peo-ple who put all their love and trust in the Lord. 
Mr. Speaker, today I ask my colleagues to 
join me in recognizing the membership of the Greater Beallwood Baptist Church in Colum-bus, Georgia for their long history of coming together through good and difficult times to praise and worship our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07OC8.004 E07OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1443 October 7, 2015 
104TH COMMEMORATION OF 
TAIWAN’S NATIONAL DAY 
HON. STEVE KING 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, as Taiwan 
approaches the 104th commemoration of the National Day of the Republic of China next October 10th, it is important that we remember a few key points. First, the Republic of China, Taiwan is an extraordinary friend and ally of the United States. This year we commemorate the 70th anniversary of the allied victory in World War II. We must not forget the critical contribution of the Republic of China to free-dom’s victory over the forces of fascist tyr-anny. Second, Mr. Speaker, Taiwan deserves to be commended for having consolidated its representative democracy in an extremely challenging regional environment. Finally, peo-ple of Taiwan are hard-working and admirable. 
The current framework of U.S.-Taiwan rela-
tions has developed successfully in large part to the passage of the Taiwan Relations Act in 1979. The United States has sold defensive arms to Taiwan, allowing it to remain a re-spected force in the region. It is extremely im-portant that the transfer of sophisticated de-fensive weapons such as Perry Class Naval vessels and other weaponry supported in the National Defense Authorization Act, take place soon. 
The government of Taiwan has set forth a 
noteworthy peace-seeking agenda in recent years, and it has accomplished a remarkable reduction in cross-strait tensions. History will certainly note President Ma Ying-jeou’s East China Sea Peace Initiative and South China Sea Peace Initiative with deep admiration for these wise and responsible proposed solutions to critically important regional challenges. 
f 
PROVISO EAST CLASS OF 1975— 
40TH YEAR REUNION 
HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, I take this opportunity to commend and congratulate the Proviso East Class of 1975 on their 40th year reunion. As all of us know, we can take great engagement to make use of the lessons learned and skills developed while students at Proviso East. 
The Class of 1975 can be proud of the her-
itage, accomplishments and proud of what being a Pirate has meant. The Class of 1975 can have pride in the accomplishments of the Proviso East graduates who left a great school well prepared to confront the challenges of ev-eryday life. The families have been and con-tinue to be role models of excellence and community engagement. 
Best wishes and good luck to the Proviso 
East Class of 1975. HONORING THE SERVICE OF THE 
FRESNO EOC 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the service of the Fresno County Eco-nomic Opportunities Commission as they cele-brate 50 years of dedicated service to Fresno County. Fresno EOC has spent five decades investing in people and assisting them in be-coming self-sufficient. Further this agency ad-ministers numerous human services and eco-nomic development programs. These pro-grams include pre-school education, voca-tional training, juvenile and drug abuse coun-seling, treatment for serious juvenile offenders, youth recreation, and senior citizen hot meal services to name a few. 
As one of the largest and most effective 
poverty fighting organizations in the country, Fresno EOC has touched the lives of more than 145,000 residents of Fresno County. Through programs that make real measurable differences, Fresno EOC continues to give families the immediate help they need and the long-term support that allows them to build better lives. 
When Congress passed the Economic Op-
portunity Act of 1964, the goal was to obtain equality of opportunity in education, employ-ment, health and living conditions for every American in our Country and Fresno EOC has done an exemplary job of accomplishing these goals. Over the past 5 decades, Fresno EOC has made countless contributions to our city and the entire San Joaquin Valley. From pro-grams ranging from Head Start, to the Local Conservation Corps, and Fresno CDFI, Fresno EOC has done so much to make our commu-nity a better place. 
The results of these programs have allowed 
local organizations like Fresno EOC to lever-age nearly $2.20 in private capital from every dollar that the federal government invests in Community Service Block Grant (CSBG). 90 percent of CSBG funds go directly to local communities to provide critical services such as child care, job training, housing, and finan-cial education that improve self-sufficiency. 
Fresno EOC employs over 1,300 full and 
part time staff members committed to trans-forming lives. With over 30 programs to serve the community, they bridge the gaps with al-most every aspect of the underserved popu-lation. There are more than 1,100 Community Action Agencies across the nation offering services every year in 99 percent of U.S. counties. These agencies serve 16 million low- income individuals, primarily members of working families and seniors, and in Fresno we are lucky to have one of the largest Com-munity Action Agencies in the nation. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I 
ask my colleagues in the House of Represent-atives to join me as we celebrate Fresno EOC’s 50th year of improving economic op-portunities and empowering individuals in the San Joaquin Valley. This agency is making a difference and creating better opportunities for 
our future generations. 
f 
CELEBRATING TAIWAN’S 104TH 
NATIONAL DAY 
HON. ILEANA ROS-LEHTINEN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, on Octo-
ber 10, Taiwan’s 104th National Day will be celebrated, marking the anniversary of the Re-public of China’s founding. For many years, Taiwan has been a strong ally of the United States, one which shares our interests and values, including an enduring commitment to democracy and the freedom of expression. Approximately one hundred miles from com-munist China, Taiwan is a beacon of freedom in the Pacific, serving as an inspiration for the world’s oppressed and as a model for future democratic transitions. 
As we celebrate Taiwan’s 104th National 
Day, we must also think about how we can strengthen the U.S.-Taiwan alliance. Taiwan is increasingly under pressure from an aggres-sive China that is attempting to assert its dominance in the Pacific and it is crucial that the United States provides the kind of assist-ance—politically, militarily, and economically— that will allow Taiwan to resist any type of Chi-nese coercion. China’s military buildup, con-struction of artificial islands, and territorial claims, has greatly escalated tensions in the Asia-Pacific and the risk of conflict with Tai-wan. Taiwan’s recent successful efforts to re-duce tensions in the Asia-Pacific can be used as a model to find further peaceful solutions in maritime Asia. 
In order to assist Taiwan, the United States 
should ensure its meaningful participation in international organizations and entities that it has expressed an interest in participating, in-cluding at the United Nations. The United States should also help Taiwan upgrade its air force and its navy, including assisting in the procurement of diesel-electric submarines, so that Taiwan has the capacity to deter Chinese aggression and act as a force for peace and stability in the region. The United States should also be economically assisting Taiwan, our 10th largest trading partner, in order to help it resist China’s economic pressure. By strengthening U.S.-Taiwan trade ties, we can give Taiwan the economic and political flexi-bility it needs to diversify, reduce its reliance on China, and resist Chinese intimidation. 
Taiwan is a vibrant democratic partner and 
ally that the United States cannot afford to ne-glect. We must remember that not only is the Taiwan Relations Act the law of the land in the United States but, together with President Reagan’s Six Assurances, forms the corner-stone of U.S.-Taiwan relations. As Taiwanese all around the world celebrate Taiwan’s Na-tional Day, we here in the United States stand with our ally, ready to ensure we are sup-porting her and its people to the best of our ability. Happy Double Tenth Day. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07OC8.009 E07OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1444 October 7, 2015 
IN RECOGNITION OF CATHERINE R. 
O’DONNELL, ESQ., RECIPIENT OF THE WILKES-BARRE LAW & LI-BRARY ASSOCIATION PRESI-DENT’S AWARD 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Catherine R. O’Donnell, Esq., who was selected for the President’s Award by the Wilkes-Barre Law & Library Associa-tion. The President’s Award honors attorneys who display exemplary professionalism, integ-rity, and ethics throughout his or her legal ca-
reer. It is the highest award that the Wilkes- Barre Law & Library Association bestows. 
Cathy has been practicing law for over 25 
years. She graduated cum laude from the Uni-versity of Pittsburgh with a joint degree in business and economics and a minor in his-tory. In 1987, Cathy received her Juris Doctor and Master of Business degrees from the Uni-versity of Pittsburgh. She is a member of the Pennsylvania and District of Columbia Bar. In addition, Cathy is a member of The American Association for Justice and the Pennsylvania Association for Justice. 
In October of 2000, Governor Thomas 
Ridge appointed Cathy as a District Justice. Unanimously confirmed by the Pennsylvania Senate, Cathy honorably served our state until January 2002. Today, Cathy practices estate planning and administration at the O’Donnell Law Offices. Her skill and knowledge as a lawyer has earned her recognition as a Penn-sylvania Super Lawyer, ALM Top-Rated Trusts and Estates Lawyer, Martindale-Hubbell’s Bar Register of Preeminent Women Lawyers and Martindale-Hubbell’s AV Preeminent Rating from 2002–2015. In 2015, she was named one of Rue Rating’s Best Attorneys of Amer-ica. 
Cathy remains an active member of her 
local community. Cathy is a past president of the Parent’s Associates of Wyoming Valley Montessori School and the Lower and Upper Schools of Wyoming Seminary. She is also a past president of the pastoral council of the former St. Therese’s Church in Wilkes-Barre. She is a current member of the Orphans’ Court Practice Committee and current Chair of the Religious Outreach Committee of the Wilkes-Barre Law Library Association. Cathy is a board member of Junior Leadership of Wilkes-Barre, a member of the United Way Cabinet, and a board member for Dress for Success of Luzerne County. 
It is an honor to recognize Cathy O’Donnell 
for her many accomplishments, and I extend Cathy my congratulations for being awarded the Wilkes-Barre Law & Library Association President’s Award. I commend Cathy for her service to our community. 
f 
HONORING MR. TERRANCE KELLY 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor 
Mr. Terrance Kelly for his extraordinary con-tributions to the music industry and to the faith 
community. Mr. Kelly is currently the Artistic Director of the Oakland Interfaith Gospel Choir, where he leads over 100 rehearsals and 50 performances annually. 
Mr. Kelly graduated from the Texas South-
ern University with a Bachelor of Arts in Busi-ness Management. He went on to study at Holy Names University with a focus on Vocal Performance. Mr. Kelly began his career work-ing with Jazz Camp West as Choir Director and Voice Teacher. 
During his time with Jazz Camp West, Mr. 
Kelly led the popular All Camp Gospel Choir, helping select the songs, instruct the band, and lead performances. His dedication to music also led Mr. Kelly to begin working with Imani Community Church, where he is cur-rently Minister of Magnification. Mr. Kelly co-ordinates all musical presentations for the church, as well as leading many different choirs. He also facilitates the Imani Ya Watume liturgical dancers. 
Additionally, Mr. Kelly serves as Artistic Di-
rector of the Oakland Interfaith Gospel Choir. He has composed and arranged music for the Oakland Interfaith Gospel Choir, the Oakland Interfaith Youth Choir, and the Oakland Inter-faith Community Choir. The incredible works of music he has worked on have inspired and moved audiences throughout the Bay Area, California, and the world. 
In his long career in music and faith, Mr. 
Kelly received many honors. Most recently, Mr. Kelly taught workshops about gospel music at the International Gospel Music Acad-emy of Denmark. His musical talent has been recognized by many influential people, such as Tramaine Hawkins, MC Hammer, John Lee Hooker, and Former President Jimmy Carter. He has received an Emmy Award for his cho-ral arrangement of PSA for KGO–TV, as well as 2 Gospel Academy Awards for Outstanding Director of the Year and Excellence in Choral Music. The San Francisco Opera had the op-portunity to work with Mr. Kelly in their ren-dition of Moby Dick in 2012. 
Mr. Kelly has also mentored students of 
music, many of whom have gone on to attend schools such as the Berklee School of Music, 
Howard University, and Walt Disney’s Cali-fornia Institute of the Arts. Throughout his pro-lific career, Mr. Kelly has impacted the lives of musicians and fans alike, throughout the Bay Area and the world. 
On behalf of the residents of California’s 
13th Congressional District, Mr. Terrance Kelly, I salute him. I thank him for a lifetime of service and congratulate him on his many achievements. I wish him success as he con-tinues to serve the residents of the East Bay. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RANDY NEUGEBAUER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I was not 
able to be present for a series of votes on June 2, 2015, July 10, 2015 and September 10, 2015. 
Had I been present, I would have voted: Roll Call Vote Number 268 on June 2nd, 
Agreeing to Rule for THUD and CJS Appro-priations, I would have voted aye. Roll Call Vote Number 269 on June 2nd, 
Approving the Journal, I would have voted aye. 
Roll Call Vote Number 431 on July 10th, 
Agreeing to Brat Amendment to H.R. 6, 21st Century Cures Act, I would have voted aye. 
Roll Call Vote Number 432 on July 10th, 
Agreeing to Lee Amendment to H.R. 6, 21st Century Cures Act, I would have voted nay. 
Roll Call Vote Number 491 on September 
10th, Providing for consideration of H. Res. 411, I would have voted aye. 
f 
CONGRATULATING ORATORY PRE-
PARATORY FOR BEING NAMED A BLUE RIBBON SCHOOL BY THE DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION 
HON. LEONARD LANCE 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Oratory Prep School of Summit, New Jersey for being named a Blue Ribbon School by the United States Department of Education. 
The National Blue Ribbon Schools award 
honors public and private elementary, middle and high schools where students perform at very high levels or where significant improve-ments are being made in students’ levels of achievement. Oratory Prep was cited as an ‘‘Exemplary High Performing’’ school, as measured by state assessments and national tests. This recognition is a testament to the outstanding work and dedication of the faculty and staff, as well as the efforts and successes of the students in creating a safe and wel-coming school where students master chal-lenging content. 
The curriculum at Oratory Prep has pre-
pared students to attend some of the finest universities in the Nation and the extra-curricular activities, electives, leadership train-ing and guest speakers offer students a wide array of academic experiences. Oratory Prep’s athletic program continues to grow as well, both in scope and success. 
This is a prestigious award to receive and 
Oratory Prep is a proud example of academic excellence and worthy of this national distinc-tion. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. EVAN H. JENKINS 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
on roll call no. 534, due to an in-district event announcing new funding for displaced coal miners and their families to pay for job retrain-ing and educational opportunities, I was un-able to cast my vote on this bill. Had I been present, I would have voted yea. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07OC8.013 E07OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1445 October 7, 2015 
RECOGNIZING ARMY SGT. 
WILLIAM ‘‘WILD BILL’’ GUARNERE 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life and service of Sgt. William ‘‘Wild Bill’’ Guarnere, who served in the 101st Air-borne division of the United States Army dur-ing World War II. 
Sgt. Guarnere was a Philadelphia native 
who enlisted in the Army in 1942. His bravery earned him the nickname ‘‘Wild Bill’’ for his passion and perseverance in battle. Sgt. Guarnere’s first combat jump was Operation Overlord, in the early hours of the morning of June 6, 1944, hours before the first allied landing craft hit the beaches of Normandy on D-Day. A member of the famed ‘‘Band of Brothers’’ of the 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment’s ‘‘Easy Company’’, Guarnere served in some of the most significant en-gagements of the European theater, including Operation Market Garden. Ultimately, Sgt. Guarnere’s combat service ended when he lost a leg in the Battle of the Bulge. He was eventually awarded a Silver Star, two Bronze Stars, and two Purple Hearts for his bravery in the face of the enemy. 
On Saturday, September 19, the Delaware 
County Veterans’ Memorial Park will unveil a statue of ‘‘Wild Bill’’ Guarnere to commemo-rate his service and sacrifice. It’s a fitting trib-ute to a true American hero from Pennsyl-vania. 
Mr. Speaker, Sgt. Guarnere’s admirable 
service displayed an extraordinary devotion to his country and his fellow soldiers. I am hon-ored to recognize him today as one of the true heroes of our Greatest Generation. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,150,568,904,537.03. We’ve 
added $7,523,691,855,623.95 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
LEADING A HALL OF FAME 
BUSINESS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Alfred Froberg, Jr. of Alvin, Texas for receiving the 2015 Junior Achievement Hall of Fame award. 
Mr. Froberg received this award thanks to 
his positive impact on the Alvin and Brazoria County business community. He is deeply 
dedicated to growing and promoting busi-nesses all across his hometown. As a member of the Junior Achievement Hall of Fame, Mr. Froberg’s efforts serve as a model for other local businesses, helping them grow and suc-ceed. Brazoria County is proud to have such an inspiring business leader. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Alfred for being part of the Junior Achieve-ment Hall of Fame. 
f 
HEROES MAKING A DIFFERENCE 
IN THE SOUTH CAROLINA FLOODING 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-
er, the past few days have been an extraor-dinary catastrophe, correctly identified by Gov-ernor Nikki Haley of South Carolina as a ‘‘thousand year rain’’ causing flooding and damage across South Carolina. Fortunately, Hurricane Joaquin bypassed the state after causing destruction in the Bahamas but, it cre-ated a weather anomaly of record rainfall of over 20 inches and flooding. I am grateful to the National Weather Service and senior fore-caster John Quagliariello, for monitoring the situation and providing early warnings for our citizens. 
Six generations of my family have lived on 
Wilton Road in Springdale, which was washed away during the storm for the first time ever since construction in 1890. I am grateful that our home was spared major damage, though thousands were not so fortunate. 
Our state officials were true leaders and 
handled the catastrophe impressively. When visiting the State Emergency Response Center in Pine Ridge, I thanked Governor Nikki Haley, Adjutant General Bob Livingston, and Attorney General Alan Wilson for leading the recovery, as well as South Carolina Emergency Man-agement Division Kim Stinson. I am further grateful for the National Guard’s role in aiding the relief efforts—three of my sons, Alan, Ju-lian, and Hunter, were activated for National Guard disaster service. 
I visited the world-class Lexington County 
Emergency Response Center, led by Director Bo Davenport, with Sheriff Jay Koon and County Administrator Joe Mergo where I thanked the dedicated personnel who saved many lives. 
In between stops, I appreciated thanking 
Columbia Mayor Steve Benjamin for his lead-ership and I thanked Homeland Secretary Jeh Johnson for coming to tour the impacted areas this Friday with Congressman J
IMCLYBURN  
and myself. Mayor Mike Miller of Wagener as-sured me his Aiken County community was secure. 
Lexington Mayor Steve MacDougall and 
Town of Lexington Police Chief Terrence Green gave me a first-hand tour of multiple pond dam breaks, including the Mill Pond blocking U.S. Highway 1 of Main Street in Lexington. 
I visited the Lake Katherine neighborhood 
with State Representative Kirkman Finlay of Columbia, where I met homeowners and vol-unteers already planning the reconstruction of 
their homes. Sheriff Leon Lott had experi-enced deputies at critical roadways. 
At the Red Cross shelter at A.C. Flora High 
School, I thanked the A.C. Flora Key Club and other volunteers who distributed bottled water, food, diapers, and clothes to those who had lost everything. I am grateful to Richland School District One Board Member Beatrice King and State Senator Joel Lourie for coordi-nating such a positive outpouring of donations from the community. 
Visiting the Richland County Emergency 
Center, led by Columbia Deputy Fire Chief Tisdale, there were dedicated personnel thoughtfully handling calls of distress. 
At the Seven Oaks Recreation Center shel-
ter, sponsored by the Irmo-Chapin Recreation Commission, I thanked the organizers: Direc-tor Elizabeth Taylor and Park Director John Cantey. I saw first-hand how those who had to flee their homes found people who cared and supported them. 
A lesson learned is that in the watersheds 
of multiple downstream dams, as exist in Rich-land and Lexington counties, there should be a coordination of lowering water levels to an-ticipate extraordinary rainfall to reduce the po-tential for sequential dam failures resulting in catastrophic loss of life and property damages. 
Late yesterday, I returned to my Congres-
sional office in West Columbia, where I found that a leak in the roof had caused the ceiling and light fixture above my desk to collapse. 
Though the destruction of the 1000-year 
event was catastrophic, it was a testament to the people of South Carolina working together for the common good. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF WEHADKEE 
MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH’S 141ST ANNIVERSARY 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is 
my honor and pleasure to extend my sincere congratulations to the congregation of Wehadkee Missionary Baptist Church in Roa-noke, Alabama as they celebrate a remarkable 141 years. An anniversary celebration will be held on Sunday, October 11, 2015. 
The Wehadkee Missionary Baptist Church is 
one of the oldest African-American churches in Randolph County, Alabama. Throughout its 141-year history, the church has been a bridge over troubled waters for the African- American community of Wehadkee-High Shoals-Springfield. 
Under the name ‘‘Perhaps,’’ the church was 
established in 1874, just eleven years after President Lincoln signed the Emancipation Proclamation. The church held its first services in a very small log cabin one mile south of its current location, which is 1216 County Road 310 in Roanoke, Alabama. 
Reverend Spy Flag was the founding Pastor 
of the church, serving from 1874 until approxi-mately 1884. Between 1884 and 1918, ten ministers led the church: Reverend Ben Goss, Reverend Symon Vickers, Reverend Aaron Strong, Reverend Tom Almond, Reverend Charlie Steward, Reverend Spencer Beasley, Reverend A.E. Stitt, Reverend John T. Hines, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07OC8.018 E07OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1446 October 7, 2015 
Reverend A.J. Turner, and Reverend A.J. 
Green. 
From 1918 to 1972, the six pastors who led 
the church included Reverend S.A. Adamson, Reverend C.C. Terry, Reverend G.W. Sims, Reverend J.P. Madison, Reverend B.O. Phil-lips, and Reverend R.L. Thompson. 
In March 1973, Reverend Elijah Jackson, Jr. 
was called to lead the flock and in April 1974, the Wehadkee Missionary Baptist Church was incorporated. In October of that same year, Reverend Jackson presided over the church’s first centennial celebration. 
For the past 42 years, Reverend Jackson 
has led the congregation with distinction as the longest serving Pastor of the church. His spouse, First Lady Farris Jackson, plays an important role in his ministry. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly join President 
Obama in celebrating the 141st anniversary of the Wehadkee Missionary Baptist Church. 
I am pleased to join in celebrating 
your 141st anniversary. 
Throughout our Nation’s history, 
places of worship have brought us to-gether in the spirit of faith and love. Offering space for celebration in times of joy and comfort in times of uncer-tainty, they help foster a strong sense of community and call on us to meet life’s most sacred responsibility—to give of ourselves in service to others. 
As you mark this special milestone, I 
hope you take pride in your commu-nity’s commitment to faith. May the years ahead be filled with continued blessings. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , August 28, 2015. 
f 
OCTAVIA GEE—BEST IN THE 
WORLD 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate nine year old Octavia Gee from Sugar Land, Texas for setting a world shot put record. 
Octavia, a student at Settler Way Elemen-
tary, recently competed at the Texas Vs. The World All Comers Meet with the goal of setting a world record in the nine-year-old division with an 8.8-pound shot put. If Octavia was nervous, she didn’t show it, blasting the old record with a throw of 7.28 meters. Even bet-ter—she broke the world record on her mom’s birthday. Octavia made her family, friends, and community proud. We look forward to seeing her set more records. We’ll definitely see Octavia in future Olympic games. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations to Octavia for setting a world shot put record. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 50TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE NATIONAL COLLE-GIATE HONORS COUNCIL 
HON. MARK TAKANO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, for 50 years the 
National Collegiate Honors Council has been enriching the lives and education of honors 
program students around the country. I rise today to congratulate them on this historic ac-complishment. Serving over 325,000 honors students at 800 colleges and universities, the NCHC is dedicated to excellence in education in diverse subject and curriculum areas. 
I would like to further honor the University of 
California, Riverside, in my home district. Since 1988 the University of California, River-side has provided a world-class honors edu-cation to its students. 
Founded on the principle of strengthening 
the involvement of faculty in undergraduate teaching and, through doing so, improve the quality of undergraduate education, the Uni-versity of California, Riverside’s honors pro-gram has produced significant results. 
With their four-year honors program, the 
University has a program that provides intel-lectual growth, personal development, and so-cial responsibility, at its core. The four-year honors program provides guidance and prepa-ration to students, and allows entry portals to select students who demonstrated academic excellence, interest in research, or creative ac-
tivities, that led to a senior thesis project. 
The robust honors program at The Univer-
sity of California, Riverside has proven to be at the pinnacle of education creating the glob-al citizens of today and tomorrow. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CLEMENCIA SPIZIRRI 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Clemencia Spizirri for being named Iowa’s Teacher of the Year by the Iowa Department of Education. 
Established in 1958, the Iowa Teacher of 
the Year Award recognizes one teacher each year who displays the ability to motivate, chal-lenge and inspire their students. They must be someone who is respected by their peers and students. The Teacher of the Year must be able to think outside the box and have a posi-tive influence on their students, not only inside the classroom but also outside the classroom. 
Clemencia is a shining example of all the 
qualities this award represents. She has dedi-cated her career to bettering the lives of her students through effective teaching techniques and a determination to provide high quality education for each and every one of her stu-dents. It is clear that Clemencia is uniquely qualified and deserving of this prestigious award. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate 
Clemencia for receiving this award and for her role in molding the leaders of our future gen-erations. Her hard work and dedication truly embodies our Iowa values, and I am proud to represent her in the United States Congress. I know that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in con-gratulating Clemencia and in wishing her noth-ing but the best moving forward. RECOGNIZING FLORIDA’S 16TH 
CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT FIRE AND RESCUE AND EMS PER-SONNEL 
HON. VERN BUCHANAN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize fire and rescue and EMS per-sonnel who have provided distinguished serv-ice to the people of Florida’s 16th Congres-sional District. 
As first responders, fire departments and 
emergency medical service teams are sum-moned on short notice to serve their respec-tive communities. Oftentimes, they arrive at scenes of great adversity and trauma, to which they reliably bring strength and composure. These brave men and women spend hundreds of hours in training so that they are prepared when they get ‘‘the call.’’ 
In 2012, I established the 16th District Con-
gressional Fire and Rescue and EMS Awards to honor officers, departments, and units for outstanding achievement. 
On behalf of the people of Florida’s 16th 
District, it is my privilege to congratulate the following winners, who were selected this year by an independent committee comprised of a cross section of current and retired fire and rescue personnel living in the district. 
Firefighter/EMT Michael Dunn of the Cedar 
Hammock Fire Rescue was chosen to receive the Preservation of Life Award. 
Lt. Don Rossow of the Englewood Area Fire 
Control District was chosen to receive the Dedication and Professionalism Award. 
District Chief/Paramedic Robin Thayer of 
the Manatee County Emergency Medical Serv-ices was chosen to receive the Career Service Award. 
Lt. Jason Wilkins, Lt. Jamie Mann, Fire-
fighter/EMT Nicholas Jones, Firefighter/Para-medic Sean Sponable and Firefighter/EMT Clayton Huber were chosen to receive the Unit Citation Award. 
Deputy Chief Brett Pollock of the West Man-
atee Fire and Rescue was chosen to receive the Career Service Award. 
Fire Investigator/Inspector Larry Betts of the 
Southern Manatee Fire and Rescue District was chosen to receive the Dedication and Professionalism Award. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF GREGORY THOMAS 
ALIA 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-
er, tragically Forest Acres, South Carolina, Po-lice Officer Gregory Thomas Alia was killed Wednesday, September 30th at Richland Fashion Mall in the line of duty protecting the people of his community. There was an out-pouring of love and appreciation for his serv-ices. The following obituary is from The State on October 2nd. 
Columbia—A Mass of Christian burial for 
Officer Gregory Thomas Alia, 32, will be held at 11 a.m. Saturday, October 3, 2015, at St. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07OC8.022 E07OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1447 October 7, 2015 
Joseph Catholic Church. Final Commenda-
tion and Farewell Prayers will be in St. Peter’s Cemetery. The family will receive friends from 6 until 8.00 p.m. Friday, October 2, 2015, at Dunbar Funeral home, Devine Street Chapel. 
Officer Alia died in the line of duty 
Wednesday, September 30, 2015. Born in Co-lumbia, he was the son of Dr. Richard Thom-as Alia and Mary Alexis Wade Alia. He was a graduate of Richland Northeast High School and the University of South Carolina with degrees in Criminal Justice and Media Arts. He was a founding father of Phi Sigma Kappa Gamma Triton Chapter. Officer Alia was with the Forest Acres Police Depart-ment for seven years. He was an Eagle Scout and a member of the St. Joseph Catholic Church. 
Surviving are his wife, Kassandra Kugler 
‘‘Kassy’’ Alia; son Salvatore David Alia; and his parents; sisters, Christine A. Corbly (Brett) of Indian Land, Rebecca Mesnil (Pierre) of Columbia; a niece, Madeleine; fa-ther-in-law and mother-in-law, David and Carol Ann Kugler; sisters-in-laws, Kristina Persinger (Brian), Knatalia Kugler, Kara Kugler; and numerous aunts, uncles and cousins. 
In lieu of flowers, memorials may be made 
to the Greg Alia Memorial Fund at www.gofundme.com/rw5b9wbc. Please sign the online guestbook at www.dunbarfunerals.com. 
The State further published a thoughtful 
front page article by Avery G. Wilkes on Octo-ber 4th reflecting the love and affection for the Alia family as headlined Officer was ‘strong and brave, selfless’. 
Hundreds gathered Saturday at St. Joseph 
Catholic Church and Elmwood Cemetery to mourn the death and celebrate the life of Forest Acres police officer Greg Alia. 
Alia, 32, a seven-year veteran of the Forest 
Acres Police Department, was shot and killed Wednesday morning by a suspect in Richland Mall. His funeral Mass and burial services were crowded with police officers and law enforcement officials, including For-est Acres Police Chief Gene Sealy, Richland County Sheriff Leon Lott and S.C. Attorney General Alan Wilson. 
Some mourners who packed into the down-
town Columbia church, including police from departments across South Carolina, wore blue ribbons in support of police. 
Alia on Saturday was recalled as a gentle 
patient protector who sought to serve others before himself. 
Christine Corbly, one of Alia’s sisters who 
spoke at the funeral Mass, said Alia’s over-whelming love and happiness were evident in the way he treated his family, friends and those he protected as a police officer. 
‘‘This is not the first time my brother 
rushed into danger, and if things had been different it wouldn’t have been the last,’’ Corbly said. 
‘‘This is not what made my brother a hero. 
What made my brother a hero was that every day he got up, put on his uniform, loved his family, loved his son, loved his wife, was full of commitment and happiness and content-ment that he poured into everything he did. 
‘‘He gave it his all.’’ Corbly, who is older than Alia, said she 
used to read to him stories about heroes, warriors and adventure when they were kids. She said Alia wasn’t usually drawn to the main character, preferring the sidekicks in-stead for their loyalty, selflessness and sac-rifice. 
‘‘It seems that is the man he tried to be-
come—strong and brave, selfless,’’ Corbly said. ‘‘Never the star, never the center, but rath-
er the one who sacrificed himself so the hero could escape and save the day.’’ 
Monsignor Richard Harris, who delivered 
the homily at the funeral Mass, said Alia al-ways looked for the good in others and that even when there wasn’t much good to find, he was still patient and understanding. 
‘‘We will miss Gregory Alia—his voice, a 
touch, a smile, and a presence that will be longed for in the weeks, months and years to come,’’ Harris said. ‘‘And there is the wish to say just one more, ‘I love you.’’’ 
Corbly thanked those in attendance for the 
outpouring of support the family has re-ceived over the past few days, most of all the memories of her brother that friends shared with them. 
A GoFundMe set up by Alia’s Phi Sigma 
Kappa fraternity brothers at the University of South Carolina had raised nearly 3500 do-nations, amounting to nearly $175,000, as of Saturday afternoon. 
That support also was visible on the way to 
Alia’s burial service, said Chris Scott, who grew up with Alia in Forest Acres and went to USC and then California with him before he came back to South Carolina to become a police officer. 
Officers and others lined the streets 
throughout Columbia, the officers saluting the funeral procession as it drove from St. Joseph’s on Devine Street to the cemetery on Elmwood Avenue. 
‘‘It blew me away,’’ Scott said. ‘‘There were officers at every corner. They 
saluted every time. 
‘‘Outside of every shop on the way, there 
were people standing there.’’ 
Scott said the driver of the hearse he rode 
said that in the more than 1,800 funerals he had worked, he had never seen anything like that. 
‘‘To see this tidal wave of support and peo-
ple that Greg knew and touched—he was the most magnetic, charming guy.’’ Scott said. ‘‘I think his greatest super-power was he could not just make friends, but he could bring people together and form groups of friends and then bring them together.’’ 
‘‘I know hundreds of people here, all 
through Greg, and every single one of them has an amazing incredible story.’’ 
A PERSONAL APPRECIATION OF GREG  
The Wilson family has a personal apprecia-
tion of Greg as in 1999, I joined my third son Julian Wilson accompanying Greg on a trek to the Philmont Scout Ranch at Cimmaron, New Mexico, with Greg’s Scout leaders being John Graham, Jim Flynn, Vincent VanBrunt, and Dave Cartledge, Scoutmaster of Troop 100 at St. Joseph Catholic Church of Columbia, South Carolina. Our oldest son Alan Wilson was grateful for Greg’s volunteering to put up campaign signs in Alan’s successful campaign for State Attorney General. And a dear family friend Adam Piper was fortunate to be a Phi Sigma Kappa Fraternity brother at the Univer-sity of South Carolina. 
f 
LOCAL ARTIST WINS BIG 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Lauren Luna for winning Best in Show at the Pearland Arts League Show. Lauren’s winning painting is called Late 
Nights (Burgundy St.) and is based on a pic-ture she took last year in New Orleans. Ms. Luna is active in our local art community and shares her passion for art as an art teacher at Mark Twain Elementary in Alvin, Texas. She is a true inspiration to her students by not only teaching them about the importance of art, but also showing them that they can follow their dreams. Ms. Luna’s students share her suc-cess and also encourage her to never give up. The Alvin community is proud of Lauren’s tal-ents both as an artist and teacher. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Lauren Luna for winning Best in Show. Your beautiful art is truly inspiring. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JUDGE JAMES 
PROUD 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
pay tribute to Judge James Proud, who is completing his service on the Delaware Coun-ty Court of Common Pleas. 
Judge Proud began his service to our coun-
try in 1968 when he entered the United States Army. Judge Proud soon entered the U.S. Army Engineer Officer Candidate School where he completed the program as a Distin-guished Military Graduate, finishing first in his class among 55 other candidates. 
Following his military service, Judge Proud 
received his law degree from Villanova Univer-sity and continued to serve southeastern Pennsylvania when he was appointed as a Judge of the Delaware County Court of Com-mon Pleas in 1996 by Governor Ridge. He served with honor and integrity, earning re-spect among his colleagues and others in the law enforcement and legal communities. Judge Proud also gave back to his community through his support for the Delaware County Chamber of Commerce, the Community De-velopment Committee, and the Delaware County Emergency Food and Shelter Pro-gram. 
Mr. Speaker, Judge Proud has dedicated 
his life to serving his community and his coun-try, and he leaves the bench with the con-tinuing gratitude of his friends and neighbors. I thank him for his service and wish him the best in retirement. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MICHAEL E. CAPUANO 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, last week I 
missed several roll call votes due to weather. I wish to state how I would have voted had I been present: 
Roll Call No. 534—Yes Roll Call No. 535—Yes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07OC8.027 E07OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1448 October 7, 2015 
RECOGNIZING PARK GEUN-HYE, 
PRESIDENT OF THE REPUBLIC OF KOREA 
HON. MIKE KELLY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today in recognition of Park Geun-hye, president of the Republic of Korea, on the oc-casion of her second visit to Washington, D.C. 
This year marks the 65th anniversary of the 
outbreak of the Korean War. As Korea has transformed itself in six decades from a war torn economy into the thirteenth largest econ-omy in the world, as well as an indispensable ally and linchpin of regional peace and stability in Northeast Asia, it stands as one of Amer-ica’s greatest foreign policy success stories of the post-World War II era. 
Today Korea is the sixth largest trading 
partner of the United States, the fifth largest market for agricultural goods, and the third largest destination for U.S. foreign direct in-vestment in the Asia-Pacific region. Bilateral trade between our two nations reached $101.3 billion in 2013 alone, cemented by the U.S.- Korea Free Trade Agreement. Overall, Amer-ican exports to Korea reached a record level of $44.5 billion last year. Trade with Korea in-jects billions of dollars into the U.S. economy, supporting thousands of American jobs. 
Next week, Korean President Park Geun- 
hye will be making her second visit to Wash-ington, D.C. While I regret not being here to welcome her in person, I want to express my heartfelt welcome and convey my best wishes for her every success. 
I know that President Park’s agenda for her 
visit will be important and robust. There are many challenges that confront us in the re-gion, as shown by the recent incident along the Demilitarized Zone in which two South Ko-rean soldiers were maimed by land mines laid by the North. Yet we shall remain resolute in countering North Korean provocations, and our iron-clad alliance will only be strengthened by President Park’s visit. 
In addition, I look forward to hearing about 
expanded U.S.-Korea cooperation in other areas including energy, space, health and cy-bersecurity. Again, I offer my best wishes to President 
Park on a productive and successful visit and I ask my colleagues to join me with their own expressions of friendship and support. 
f 
SWIMMING, BIKING AND RUNNING 
TO 375 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Jeff Gill for successfully com-pleting his 375th career triathlon last month. 
Triathlons have allowed Jeff to travel the 
world. Of all the places he’s traveled to com-pete, it was great to see Jeff complete his milestone triathlon in his hometown of Katy, Texas in a race he hasn’t missed in over 20 years. Jeff has already completed nine 
triathlons just this year and hopes to complete nine more. He is well on his way to number 475. 
We all look forward to cheering him along 
throughout his triathlon career. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congressional District of Texas, congratulations again to Jeff for com-pleting his 375th triathlon. 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, Oc-
tober 8, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
OCTOBER 20 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tions of Cherry Ann Murray, of Kansas, to be Director of the Office of Science, 
and Victoria Marie Baecher Wassmer, of Illinois, to be Under Secretary, both of the Department of Energy, and Mary L. Kendall, of Minnesota, to be Inspec-tor General, Suzette M. Kimball, of West Virginia, to be Director of the United States Geological Survey, and Kristen Joan Sarri, of Michigan, to be an Assistant Secretary, all of the De-partment of the Interior. 
SD–366 
OCTOBER 21 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and 
Forestry 
To hold hearings to examine agriculture 
biotechnology, focusing on Federal reg-ulation and stakeholder perspectives. 
SD–106 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Government Accountability Office report on Indian energy development. 
SD–628 
OCTOBER 22 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine Puerto 
Rico, focusing on the economy, debt, and options for Congress. 
SD–366 
OCTOBER 27 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Office of Surface Mining, Reclama-tion, and Enforcement’s proposed Stream Protection Rule. 
SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07OC8.031 E07OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1068 Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate agreed to the conference report to accompany H.R. 1735, National 
Defense Authorization Act. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S7173–S7225 
Measures Introduced: Eighteen bills and three res-
olutions were introduced, as follows: S. 2147–2164, S. Res. 280–281, and S. Con. Res. 23.
          Page S7219 
Measures Reported: 
S. 2116, to improve certain programs of the Small 
Business Administration to better assist small busi-ness customers in accessing broadband technology, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                                                            Page S7219 
Measures Passed: 
Transnational Drug Trafficking Act: Senate 
passed S. 32, to provide the Department of Justice 
with additional tools to target extraterritorial drug trafficking activity.
                                                   Page S7223 
DHS Social Media Improvement Act: Senate 
passed H.R. 623, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Department of Home-land Security to establish a social media working group, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute.
                       Pages S7223–24 
Librarian of Congress: Senate passed S. 2162, to 
establish a 10-year term for the service of the Librar-ian of Congress.
                                                          Page S7224 
National Dyslexia Awareness Month: Com-
mittee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 275, calling on Congress, schools, and State and local educational agencies to recognize the significant educational implications of dyslexia that must be addressed and designating Oc-tober 2015 as ‘‘National Dyslexia Awareness Month’’, and the resolution was then agreed to. 
                                                                                            Page S7224 
National Women’s Small Business Month: Sen-
ate agreed to S. Res. 280, recognizing the month of October 2015 as ‘‘National Women’s Small Business 
Month’’.                                                                           Page S7224 
National Health Information Technology Week: 
Senate agreed to S. Res. 281, designating the week of October 5 through October 9, 2015, as ‘‘National Health Information Technology Week’’ to recognize the value of health information technology in trans-forming and improving the healthcare system for all people in the United States.
                                Page S7225 
Enrollment Corrections: Senate agreed to H. Con. 
Res. 81, providing for corrections to the enrollment of the bill H.R. 1735.
                                            Page S7225 
Measures Considered: 
Energy and Water Development and Related 
Agencies Appropriations Act—Agreement: Sen-
ate continued consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 2028, making appropria-tions for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016.
                                                                 Pages S7195–S7216 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill at 10:45 a.m., on Thursday, October 8, 2015; that the time from 10:45 a.m. until 11:30 a.m. be controlled by the Majority, that the time between 11:30 a.m. and 12:15 p.m. be controlled by the Democrats, and the time between 12:15 p.m. and 12:45 p.m. be equally divided between the two Leaders, or their designees; and that notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, the vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill occur at 12:45 p.m.
                                                  Page S7225 
Conference Reports: 
National Defense Authorization Act: By 70 yeas 
to 27 nays (Vote No. 277), Senate agreed to the con-ference report to accompany H.R. 1735, to authorize 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:37 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07OC5.REC D07OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1069 October 7, 2015 
appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military ac-
tivities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year.
                      Pages S7175–95 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 71 yeas to 26 nays (Vote No. 276), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to waive all applicable sections of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and applicable budget resolu-tions, with respect to the conference report to ac-company the bill. Subsequently, the point of order that the pending measure was in violation of section 3101 of S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025, was not sustained, and thus the point of order fell. 
                                                                                            Page S7195 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S7218 
Measures Referred:                                         Pages S7218–19 
Measures Placed on the Calendar: 
                                                                            Pages S7173, S7219 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S7219–21 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S7221–22 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S7217–18 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S7222–23 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. 
(Total—277)                                                                 Page S7195 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 6:53 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thurs-day, October 8, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S7225.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies concluded a hear-ing to examine the National Institutes of Health, fo-cusing on investing in a healthier future, after re-ceiving testimony from Francis Collins, Director, Douglas Lowy, Acting Director, National Cancer In-stitute, Griffin P. Rodgers, Director, National Insti-tute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases, Walter J. Koroshetz, Director, National Institute of 
Neurological Disorders and Stroke, Jon R. Lorsch, Director, National Institute of General Medical Sciences, and Nora D. Volkow, Director, National Institute on Drug Abuse, all of the National Insti-tutes of Health, Department of Health and Human Services. 
IRANIAN INFLUENCE IN IRAQ AND CAMP 
LIBERTY CASE 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine Iranian influence in Iraq and the case of Camp Liberty, after receiving testimony from former Senator Joseph I. Lieberman, Yeshiva Univer-sity; General James L. Jones, USMC (Ret.), Atlantic Council Brent Scowcroft Center on International Se-curity, former National Security Advisor; and Colo-nel Wesley Martin, USA (Ret.), U.S. Foundation for Liberty, former Commander, Forward Operating Base Ashraf. 
WIRELESS BROADBAND DEPLOYMENT 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine remov-ing barriers to wireless broadband deployment, after receiving testimony from Douglas Kinkoph, Asso-ciate Administrator, Office of Telecommunications and Information Applications, National Tele-communications and Information Administration, Department of Commerce; Jonathan Adelstein, PCIA—The Wireless Infrastructure Association, Al-exandria, Virginia; Mayor Gary Resnick, Wilton Manors, Florida, on behalf of the National League of Cities and the National Association of Telecommuni-cations Officers and Advisors; Cory J. Reed, Deere and Company, Moline, Illinois; and Bruce Morrison, Ericsson Inc., Bellevue, Washington. 
NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION 
OVERSIGHT 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-
mittee concluded an oversight hearing to examine the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, after receiving testimony from Stephen G. Burns, Chairman, and Kristine Svinicki, William Ostendorff, and Jeffrey Baran, each a Commissioner, all of the Nuclear Reg-ulatory Commission. 
NORTH KOREA 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on East 
Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy concluded a hearing to examine the North Korea threat and United States policy, after receiving testimony from Robert L. Gallucci, Director, John W. Kluge Center, Library of Congress; Jay Lefkowitz, former Special Envoy for Human Rights in North Korea, Kirkland and Ellis LLP, New York, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:37 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07OC5.REC D07OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1070 October 7, 2015 
New York; and Victor D. Cha, Center for Strategic 
and International Studies, Washington, D.C. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee ordered favorably reported the fol-
lowing business items: 
S. 1607, to affirm the authority of the President 
to require independent regulatory agencies to comply with regulatory analysis requirements applicable to executive agencies, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 1818, to amend title 5, United States Code, to 
reform the rule making process of agencies, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 1820, to require agencies to publish an advance 
notice of proposed rule making for major rules, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 1817, to improve the effectiveness of major 
rules in accomplishing their regulatory objectives by promoting retrospective review, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 2109, to direct the Administrator of the Fed-
eral Emergency Management Agency to develop an integrated plan to reduce administrative costs under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act, with an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute; 
S. 1873, to strengthen accountability for deploy-
ment of border security technology at the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 2128, to require the Council of Inspectors Gen-
eral on Integrity and Efficiency to submit to Con-gress a report on Inspector General mandates; 
S. 2133, to improve Federal agency financial and 
administrative controls and procedures to assess and mitigate fraud risks, and to improve Federal agen-cies’ development and use of data analytics for the purpose of identifying, preventing, and responding to fraud, including improper payments; 
S. 2021, to prohibit Federal agencies and Federal 
contractors from requesting that an applicant for em-ployment disclose criminal history record informa-tion before the applicant has received a conditional offer, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute; 
S. 2093, to provide that the Secretary of Transpor-
tation shall have sole authority to appoint Federal Directors to the Board of Directors of the Wash-ington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority; 
H.R. 998, to establish the conditions under which 
the Secretary of Homeland Security may establish preclearance facilities, conduct preclearance oper-ations, and provide customs services outside the United States, with an amendment in the nature of 
a substitute; 
H.R. 322, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 16105 Swingley Ridge Road in Chesterfield, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Zachary M. Fisher Post Office’’; 
H.R. 323, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 55 Grasso Plaza in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Amanda N. Pinson Post Office’’; 
H.R. 324, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 11662 Gravois Road in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Lt. Daniel P. Riordan Post Office’’; 
H.R. 558, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 55 South Pioneer Boulevard in Springboro, Ohio, as the ‘‘Richard ‘Dick’ Chenault Post Office Building’’; 
H.R. 1442, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 90 Cornell Street in Kingston, New York, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Robert H. Dietz Post Office Building’’; 
H.R. 1884, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 206 West Commer-cial Street in East Rochester, New York, as the ‘‘Of-ficer Daryl R. Pierson Memorial Post Office Build-ing’’; and 
H.R. 3059, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 4500 SE 28th Street, Del City, Oklahoma, as the James Robert Kalsu Post Office Building. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported the following business items: 
S. 1579, to enhance and integrate Native Amer-
ican tourism, empower Native American commu-nities, increase coordination and collaboration be-tween Federal tourism assets, and expand heritage and cultural tourism opportunities in the United States; and 
H.R. 487, to allow the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma 
to lease or transfer certain lands. 
INDIAN AFFAIRS LEGISLATION 
Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine pending Indian Affairs legisla-tion, including S. 817, to provide for the addition of certain real property to the reservation of the Siletz Tribe in the State of Oregon, S. 818, to amend the Grand Ronde Reservation Act to make technical corrections, S. 1436, to require the Sec-retary of the Interior to take land into trust for cer-tain Indian tribes, S. 1761, to take certain Federal land located in Lassen County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Susanville Indian Rancheria, S. 1822, to take certain Federal land located in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:37 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07OC5.REC D07OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1071 October 7, 2015 
Tuolumne County, California, into trust for the ben-
efit of the Tuolumne Band of Me-Wuk Indians, S. 1986, to provide for a land conveyance in the State of Nevada, and H.R. 387, to provide for certain land to be taken into trust for the benefit of Morongo Band of Mission Indians, after receiving testimony from Michael R. Smith, Deputy Director, Bureau of Indian Affairs, Department of the Interior; Glenn Casamassa, Associate Deputy Chief, Forest Service, Department of Agriculture; Arlan D. Melendez, Reno Sparks Indian Colony, Reno, Nevada; Robert Martin, Morongo Band of Mission Indians, Banning, California; and Darren Daboda, Moapa Band of Pai-utes, Moapa, Nevada. 
FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Anti-
trust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights con-cluded a hearing to examine S. 2102, to amend the Clayton Act and the Federal Trade Commission Act to provide that the Federal Trade Commission shall exercise authority with respect to mergers only under the Clayton Act and only in the same procedural manner as the Attorney General exercises such au-thority, after receiving testimony from Edith Rami-rez, Chairwoman, Federal Trade Commission; Debo-rah A. Garza, Covington and Burling LLP, David A. Clanton, Baker and McKenzie LLP, and Abbott B. Lipsky, Jr., Latham and Watkins LLP, all of Wash-ington, D.C.; and Jonathan M. Jacobson, Wilson Sonsini Goodrich and Rosati, New York, New York. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Com-
mittee ordered favorably reported the following busi-ness items: S. 1811, to require the Administrator of the Small 
Business Administration to establish a program to make loans to certain businesses, homeowners, and renters affected by Superstorm Sandy, with amend-ments; 
S. 2116, to improve certain programs of the Small 
Business Administration to better assist small busi-ness customers in accessing broadband technology, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 2126, to reauthorize the women’s business cen-
ter program of the Small Business Administration; 
S. 2136, to establish the Regional SBIR State Col-
laborative Initiative Pilot Program, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 2138, to amend the Small Business Act to im-
prove the review and acceptance of subcontracting plans; and 
S. 2139, to amend the Small Business Act to pro-
hibit the use of reverse auctions for the procurement of covered contracts, with an amendment. 
PROTECTING SENIORS FROM IDENTITY 
THEFT 
Special Committee on Aging: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine if the Federal Government is doing enough to protect seniors from identity theft, after receiving testimony from Sean Cavanaugh, Dep-uty Administrator and Director, Center for Medicare, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, and Gary Cantrell, Deputy Inspector General for Inves-tigations, Office of Inspector General, both of the Department of Health and Human Services; Betty Balderston, Legal Services for the Elderly, Winthrop, Maine; and Marc Rotenberg, Electronic Privacy In-formation Center, Washington, D.C. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 12 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 3696–3707 were introduced. 
                                                                                            Page H6892 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H6893–94 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H. Res. 466, providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 538) to facilitate the development of en-ergy on Indian lands by reducing Federal regulations that impede tribal development of Indian lands, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 702) to adapt to changing crude oil market conditions (H. Rept. 114–290); and H.R. 
3442, to provide further means of accountability of the United States debt and promote fiscal responsi-bility (H. Rept. 114–291).
                                   Page H6892 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Stewart to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H6839 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:40 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                               Page H6843 
Privileged Resolution—Intent to Offer: Rep-
resentative Slaughter announced her intent to offer a privileged resolution.
                                               Page H6844 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:37 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07OC5.REC D07OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1072 October 7, 2015 
Question of Privilege: The Chair ruled that the res-
olution offered by Representative Slaughter did not constitute a question of the privileges of the House. Subsequently, Representative Slaughter appealed the ruling of the chair and Representative Stivers moved to table the appeal. Agreed to the motion to table the appeal of the ruling of the Chair by a yea-and- nay vote of 240 yeas to 183 nays, Roll No. 536. 
                                                                                    Pages H6856–58 
Unanimous Consent Agreement: Agreed by unan-
imous consent that the question of adopting a mo-tion to recommit on H.R. 3192 may be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule 20. 
                                                                                            Page H6858 
Homebuyers Assistance Act: The House passed 
H.R. 3192, to provide for a temporary safe harbor from the enforcement of integrated disclosure re-quirements for mortgage loan transactions under the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 and the Truth in Lending Act, by a vote yea-and-nay of 303 yeas to 121 nays, Roll No. 540. 
                                                                Pages H6858–69, H6880–81 
Rejected the Moulton motion to recommit the 
bill to the Committee on Financial Services with in-structions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and-nay vote of 185 yeas to 240 nays, Roll No. 539. 
                                                                      Pages H6868–69, H6880 
H. Res. 462, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bill (H.R. 3192) was agreed to by a yea-and- nay vote of 238 yeas to 181 nays, Roll No. 537, after the previous question was ordered. 
                                                                      Pages H6848–56, H6858 
Establishing a Select Investigative Panel of the Committee on Energy and Commerce: The House 
agreed to H. Res. 461, amended, establishing a Se-lect Investigative Panel of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, by a yea-and-nay vote of 242 yeas to 184 nays, Roll No. 538.
                          Pages H6869–79 
Agreed to the Foxx amendment by voice vote. 
                                                                                    Pages H6878–79 
Commission on Care—Minority Leader Appoint-ment: The Chair announced the Minority Leader’s 
reappointment of the following individual on the part of the House to the Commission on Care: Ms. Lucretia M. McClenney, Locust Grove, Virginia. 
                                                                                            Page H6881 
Senate Messages: Message from the Senate and mes-
sage received from the Senate by the Clerk and sub-sequently presented to the House today appear on page H6848. 
Senate Referral: S. Con. Res. 22 was referred to the 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
                                                                                            Page H6890 Quorum Calls—Votes: Five yea-and-nay votes de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H6857, H6858, H6879, H6880, H6880–81. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 7:14 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
DEVELOPMENT OF THE 2015 DIETARY GUIDELINES FOR AMERICANS 
Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a hear-
ing to review the development of the 2015 Dietary Guidelines for Americans. Testimony was heard from Tom Vilsack, Secretary, Department of Agriculture; and Sylvia Burwell, Secretary, Department of Health and Human Services. 
PLUTONIUM DISPOSITION AND THE MOX 
PROJECT 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-
tegic Forces held a hearing entitled ‘‘Plutonium Dis-position and the MOX Project’’. Testimony was heard from Frank G. Klotz, Administrator, National Nuclear Security Administration; John J. MacWilliams, Senior Advisor to the Secretary of En-ergy, Department of Energy; and a public witness. 
STRENGTHENING HEAD START FOR 
CURRENT AND FUTURE GENERATIONS 
Committee on Education and the Workforce: Full Com-
mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Strengthening Head Start for Current and Future Generations’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. 
PROTECTING AMERICA’S WORKERS: AN 
ENFORCEMENT UPDATE FROM THE OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH ADMINISTRATION 
Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-
committee on Workforce Protections held a hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting America’s Workers: An Enforce-ment Update from the Occupational Safety and Health Administration’’. Testimony was heard from David Michaels, Assistant Secretary of Labor for Oc-cupational Safety and Health, Department of Labor. 
EPA’S CO2 REGULATIONS FOR NEW AND 
EXISTING POWER PLANTS 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Energy and Power held a hearing entitled ‘‘EPA’s CO2 Regulations for New and Existing Power Plants’’. Testimony was heard from Janet McCabe, Acting EPA Administrator for Air and Radiation, Environmental Protection Agency. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:37 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07OC5.REC D07OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1073 October 7, 2015 
IMPROVING FEDERAL SPECTRUM SYSTEMS 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Communications and Technology held a hearing en-titled ‘‘Improving Federal Spectrum Systems’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. 
REFORMING FOOD AID: DESPERATE NEED 
TO DO BETTER 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Reforming Food Aid: Desperate Need to Do Better’’. Testimony was heard from pub-lic witnesses. 
FOOD SECURITY AND NUTRITION 
PROGRAMS IN AFRICA 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, 
Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Food Security and Nutrition Programs in Africa’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. 
REVIEWING PRESIDENT XI’S STATE VISIT 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Asia 
and the Pacific held a hearing entitled ‘‘Reviewing President Xi’s State Visit’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
EXAMINING THE MISSION, STRUCTURE, 
AND REORGANIZATION EFFORT OF THE NATIONAL PROTECTION AND PROGRAMS DIRECTORATE 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Cy-
bersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Technologies held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Mission, Structure, and Reorganization Effort of the National Protection and Programs Directorate’’. Tes-timony was heard from the following Department of Homeland Security officials: Suzanne Spaulding, Under Secretary, National Protection and Programs Directorate; Phyllis Schneck, Deputy Under Sec-retary, Cybersecurity and Communications, National Protections and Programs Directorate; and Ronald J. Clark, Deputy Under Secretary, National Protections and Programs Directorate; and Chris P. Currie, Di-rector, Emergency Management National Prepared-ness and Critical Infrastructure Protection Homeland Security and Justice Team, Government Account-ability Office. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee began 
a markup on H.R. 974, the ‘‘Yellowstone and Grand Teton Paddling Act’’; H.R. 1107, the ‘‘Bureau of Reclamation Transparency Act’’; H.R. 1452, to au-thorize Escambia County, Florida, to convey certain property that was formerly part of Santa Rosa Island National Monument and that was conveyed to Escambia County subject to restrictions on use and 
reconveyance; H.R. 1820, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to retire coal preference right lease applications for which the Secretary has made an af-firmative commercial quantities determination, and for other purposes; H.R. 2212, to take certain Fed-eral lands located in Lassen County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Susanville Indian Rancheria, and for other purposes; H.R. 2270, the ‘‘Billy Frank Jr. Tell Your Story Act’’; H.R. 2406, the ‘‘SHARE Act’’; and H.R. 3382, the ‘‘Lake Tahoe 
Restoration Act of 2015’’. 
NATIVE AMERICAN ENERGY ACT; BILL TO 
ADAPT TO CHANGING CRUDE OIL MARKET CONDITIONS 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 538, the ‘‘Native American Energy Act’’; and H.R. 702, to adapt to changing crude oil market conditions. The committee granted, by voice vote, a structured rule for H.R. 538. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–30 and provides that it shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in part A of the Rules Com-mittee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be of-fered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in part A of the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. Additionally, the rule grants a structured rule for H.R. 702. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–29 and provides that it shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives all points of order 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:37 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07OC5.REC D07OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1074 October 7, 2015 
against that amendment in the nature of a sub-
stitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in part B of the Rules Com-mittee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be of-fered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in part B of the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. Testimony was heard from Chairman Bishop of Utah, and Representatives Polis, Young of Alaska, Barton, Rush, Gene Green of Texas, Curbelo of Flor-ida, and Jackson Lee. 
THE EMV DEADLINE AND WHAT IT 
MEANS FOR SMALL BUSINESSES 
Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘The EMV Deadline and What It Means for Small Businesses’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
ENSURING AVIATION SAFETY IN THE ERA 
OF UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-
committee on Aviation held a hearing entitled ‘‘En-suring Aviation Safety in the Era of Unmanned Air-craft Systems’’. Testimony was heard from Michael G. Whitaker, Deputy Administrator, Federal Avia-tion Administration; James Hubbard, Deputy Chief, State and Private Forestry, U.S. Forest Service; and public witnesses. 
A CALL FOR SYSTEM-WIDE CHANGE: 
EVALUATING THE INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF THE VETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRATION 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘A Call for System-Wide Change: Evaluating the Independent Assessment of the Vet-erans Health Administration’’. Testimony was heard from Robert A. McDonald, Secretary, Department of Veterans Affairs; and public witnesses. 
RISING COSTS OF HIGHER EDUCATION 
AND TAX POLICY 
Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on 
Oversight held a hearing on the rising costs of high-er education and tax policy. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, 
OCTOBER 8, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
Russian strategy and military operations, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-
committee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, In-surance, and Data Security, to hold hearings to examine consumer product safety and the recall process, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-
ings to examine H.R. 2898, to provide drought relief in the State of California, S. 1894, to provide short-term water supplies to drought-stricken California, S. 1936, to provide for drought preparedness measures in the State of New Mexico, S. 1583, to authorize the expansion of an existing hydroelectric project, S. 2046, to authorize the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to issue an order continuing a stay of a hydroelectric license for the Mahoney Lake hydroelectric project in the State of Alas-ka, and S. 2083, to extend the deadline for commence-ment of construction of a hydroelectric project, 9:30 a.m., SD–366. 
Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining, 
to hold hearings to examine S. 414, to provide for con-servation, enhanced recreation opportunities, and develop-ment of renewable energy in the California Desert Con-servation Area, S. 872, to provide for the recognition of certain Native communities and the settlement of certain claims under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act, S. 1295 and H.R. 1324, bills to adjust the boundary of the Arapaho National Forest, Colorado, S. 1448, to des-ignate the Frank Moore Wild Steelhead Sanctuary in the State of Oregon, S. 1592, to clarify the description of cer-tain Federal land under the Northern Arizona Land Ex-change and Verde River Basin Partnership Act of 2005 to include additional land in the Kaibab National Forest, S. 1941 and H.R. 2223, bills to authorize, direct, expe-dite, and facilitate a land exchange in El Paso and Teller Counties, Colorado, S. 1942 and H.R. 1554, bills to re-quire a land conveyance involving the Elkhorn Ranch and the White River National Forest in the State of Colorado, S. 1955, to amend the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act to provide for equitable allotment of land to Alaska Native veterans, S. 1971, to expand the boundary of the California Coastal National Monument, and S. 2069, to amend the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to modify provisions relating to certain land ex-changes in the Mt. Hood Wilderness in the State of Or-egon, 2:30 p.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: business meeting to con-
sider S. 2152, to establish a comprehensive United States Government policy to encourage the efforts of countries in sub-Saharan Africa to develop and appropriate mix of power solutions, including renewable energy, for more broadly distributed electricity access in order to support poverty reduction, promote development outcomes, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:37 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07OC5.REC D07OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1075 October 7, 2015 
drive economic growth, S. 1789, to improve defense co-
operation between the United States and the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan, S. Res. 274, commemorating the 25th anniversary of the peaceful and democratic reunifica-tion of Germany, S. Res. 278, welcoming the President of the Republic of Korea on her official visit to the United States and celebrating the United States-Republic of Korea relationship, S. Res. 148, condemning the Gov-ernment of Iran’s state-sponsored persecution of its Baha’i minority and its continued violation of the International Covenants on Human Rights, and the nominations of Jennifer Ann Haverkamp, of Indiana, to be Assistant Sec-retary of State for Oceans and International Environ-mental and Scientific Affairs, Roberta S. Jacobson, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the United Mexican States, Robert Porter Jackson, of Virginia, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Ghana, Harry K. Thomas, Jr., of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Zimbabwe, Julie Furuta-Toy, of Wyoming, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Equatorial Guinea, and Dennis B. Hankins, of Minnesota, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Guinea, all of the Department of State, 9:45 a.m., SD–419. 
Subcommittee on State Department and USAID Man-
agement, International Operations, and Bilateral Inter-national Development, to hold hearings to examine ensur-ing an efficient and effective diplomatic security training facility for the twenty-first century, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
to hold hearings to examine threats to the homeland, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider 
S. 2123, to reform sentencing laws and correctional insti-tutions, and the nomination of Edward L. Gilmore, of Il-linois, to be United States Marshal for the Northern Dis-trict of Illinois for the term of four years, Department of Justice, 10:30 a.m., S–216, Capitol. 
Subcommittee on the Constitution, to hold hearings to 
examine eminent domain ten years after Kelo v. City of 
New London , 2 p.m., SD–226. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to 
examine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture , Subcommittee on Conservation 
and Forestry, hearing to review the 2015 fire season and long-term trends, 10 a.m., 1302 Longworth. 
Committee on Armed Services , Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘U.S. Strategy in Afghanistan’’, 9:30 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Military Personnel, hearing entitled 
‘‘Update on Military Suicide Prevention Programs’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce , Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Reviewing the Juvenile Justice System and How It Serves At-Risk Youth’’, 10 a.m., 
HVC–210. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce , Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Volks-wagen Emissions Cheating Allegations: Initial Ques-tions’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining 
Legislative Proposals to Combat our Nation’s Drug Abuse 
Crisis’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs , Subcommittee on the Mid-
dle East and North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Syrian Humanitarian Crisis from the Ground, Part I’’, 10:30 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security , Subcommittee on Bor-
der and Maritime Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting Maritime Facilities in the 21st Century: Are Our Na-tion’s Ports at Risk for a Cyber-Attack?’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Subcommittee on Transportation Security, hearing en-
titled ‘‘Reform and Improvement: Assessing the Path For-ward for the Transportation Security Administration’’, 2 p.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on the Judiciary , Full Committee, hearing en-
titled ‘‘Planned Parenthood Exposed: Examining Abortion Procedures and Medical Ethics at the Nation’s Largest Abortion Provider’’, 2 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources , Full Committee, markup 
on H.R. 974, the ‘‘Yellowstone and Grand Teton Pad-dling Act’’; H.R. 1107, the ‘‘Bureau of Reclamation Transparency Act’’; H.R. 1452, to authorize Escambia County, Florida, to convey certain property that was for-merly part of Santa Rosa Island National Monument and that was conveyed to Escambia County subject to restric-tions on use and reconveyance; H.R. 1820, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to retire coal preference right lease applications for which the Secretary has made an af-firmative commercial quantities determination, and for other purposes; H.R. 2212, to take certain Federal lands located in Lassen County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Susanville Indian Rancheria, and for other purposes; H.R. 2270, the ‘‘Billy Frank Jr. Tell Your Story Act’’; H.R. 2406, the ‘‘SHARE Act’’; and H.R. 3382, the ‘‘Lake Tahoe Restoration Act of 2015’’ (contin-ued), 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology , Full Com-
mittee, markup on H.R. 3033, the ‘‘Research Excellence and Advancements for Dyslexia (READ) Act’’; and H.R. 3293, the ‘‘Scientific Research in the National Interest Act’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Small Business , Subcommittee on Over-
sight, Investigations, and Regulations, hearing entitled ‘‘The Consequences of DOL’s One-Size-Fits-All Overtime Rule for Small Businesses and their Employees’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:37 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07OC5.REC D07OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1076 October 7, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Thursday, October 8 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond 10:45 a.m.), Sen-ate will continue consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 2028, Energy and Water Devel-opment and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. At 12:45 p.m., Senate will vote on the motion to invoke clo-ture on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Thursday, October 8 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Consideration of H.R. 538— 
Native American Energy Act (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E1442, E1445 
Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E1440 Buchanan, Vern, Fla., E1446 Capuano, Michael E., Mass., E1447 Carney, John C., Jr., E1440 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E1441, E1444 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1439, E1445 Costa, Jim, Calif., E1441, E1443 Davis, Danny K., Ill., E1443 Israel, Steve, N.Y., E1440 
Jenkins, Evan H., W.Va., E1442, E1444 Keating, William R., Mass., E1440 Kelly, Mike, Pa., E1448 King, Steve, Iowa, E1443 Lance, Leonard, N.J., E1444 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E1442, E1444 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E1441 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E1442 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E1445, E1447 Neugebauer, Randy, Tex., E1444 Olson, Pete, Tex., E1445, E1446, E1447, E1448 
Ros-Lehtinen, Ileana, Fla., E1443 Royce, Edward R., Calif., E1439 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E1439 Sires, Albio, N.J., E1441 Takano, Mark, Calif., E1446 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E1440 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E1445, E1446 Young, David, Iowa, E1446 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:37 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D07OC5.REC D07OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST