Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H4655 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 2015 No. 103 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER 
Pastor Randy Bezet, Bayside Com-
munity Church, Bradenton, Florida, of-fered the following prayer: 
Lord God, we humbly come before 
You today, and we thank You for Your love and Your Grace and Your peace that is made available to us all. 
God, we ask for Your divine wisdom 
and guidance here today, for You and You alone know the future and the things that are to come. We ask that You would lead us in the decisions we are a part of and that You would give us boldness to honor You. 
Would You empower every man and 
woman in this room to use the life You have given them for good? Let us be leaders who follow Your example, lead-ers who love sacrificially, give self-lessly, and serve graciously. May we all do our best to impact this incredible Nation of ours for the better. 
We ask Your blessing on this House 
and on our United States of America. 
In the name of Jesus, we pray. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-
woman from Washington (Mrs. M CMOR-
RISRODGERS ) come forward and lead 
the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS led the 
Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, 
indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
WELCOMING PASTOR RANDY 
BEZET 
The SPEAKER. Without objection, 
the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
UCHANAN ) is recognized for 1 minute. 
There was no objection. Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, it is 
an honor for me to welcome to the United States Capitol a tremendous community and spiritual leader, Pastor Randy Bezet, who led us in the opening prayer this morning. 
Pastor Bezet is the senior and found-
ing pastor of Bayside Community Church, which has several campuses lo-cated throughout my district. His church has been at the forefront of strengthening, encouraging, and serv-ing the people of Sarasota and Bra-denton, Florida. The pastor is an inspi-rational leader who mentors young pastors who are also passionate about revitalizing and restoring local church-es in their communities. 
I applaud the work and service the 
pastor and his church do in southwest Florida. It is a great honor and a privi-lege for me to welcome the pastor be-fore Congress today. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
SIMPSON ). The Chair will entertain up 
to five further requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
HAPPY 104TH BIRTHDAY, EDNA 
YODER 
(Mr. YODER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today for a very special occasion, to wish my grandmother, Edna Yoder, a 
happy 104th birthday. That is right. She is 104 years of age. The Lord has 
blessed my grandmother with great health and longevity, and I cannot be more thankful for her or proud of my grandmother on her birthday this up-coming Sunday. 
She is a true example of what has 
made America such a strong and vi-brant nation. Born in 1911 and one of 14 children, she worked tirelessly on the farm, milking cows at dawn and bring-ing in the wheat harvest in the hot Kansas sun. 
She has seen hard times, and she has 
seen good times over the past 104 years with a front seat to the great American century, but through it all, her faith in God and love of family define her life. She is a sweet, caring, and loving woman who continues to inspire me each and every day in so many ways. 
Today, Grandma, on behalf of the 
United States House of Representa-tives, I wish you a very happy 104th birthday. 
f 
LAND AND WATER CONSERVATION 
FUND 
(Ms. TSONGAS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which is set to ex-pire in less than 100 days, unless Con-gress takes action. 
We have a generational responsi-
bility to protect our Nation’s remain-ing natural wilderness areas for our children and grandchildren. For over 50 years, the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund has been an instrumental tool in this effort, and it has been used in almost every single county in the United States. 
LWCF protects and expands access to 
recreational areas and preserves our treasured natural and historic land-scapes. It does not cost taxpayer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.000 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4656 June 25, 2015 
money or contribute to the Federal 
deficit. In fact, according to a recent economic analysis, every dollar in-vested in the conservation of public lands through the LWCF leads to $4 in economic activity to local commu-nities. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
supporting the permanent reauthoriza-tion of the LWCF, ensuring that it re-mains one of our Nation’s most suc-cessful conservation tools. 
f 
BRINGING HEALTH CARE INTO 
THE 21ST CENTURY 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, it is 
time to personalize and modernize our healthcare system and bring it into the 21st century. 
We have an opportunity through the 
21st Century Cures Act to pass bipar-tisan reforms that will accelerate the discovery, development, deployment, and delivery of lifesaving and life-im-proving techniques and cures. 
The 21st Century Cures Act is the re-
sult of bipartisan work to ensure that our regulatory system keeps pace with the advances we are seeing in our science and technology fields. 21st Cen-tury Cures will make a difference in people’s lives. 
For the 10,000 known diseases, there 
are only 500 FDA-approved treatments. By removing barriers to research and development, by modernizing clinical trials, and by incorporating more pa-tient perspectives, we can more effec-tively develop treatments and cures to fight cancer, Alzheimer’s, and other diseases that affect millions of Ameri-cans. 
Mr. Speaker, in the coming weeks, 
we will have the opportunity to help bring the newest, cutting-edge medical technology to the people who need it the most. 
f 
REAUTHORIZE THE EXPORT- 
IMPORT BANK 
(Mrs. LAWRENCE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I am 
standing here today because the clock is ticking. Today is the last legislative day to prevent the shutdown of the Ex-port-Import Bank and avoid disaster for our economy. 
I have in my hand, sir, a letter re-
garding dozens of businesses in my dis-trict, the 14th District of Michigan, that rely on the Ex-Im Bank. It is clear the dire consequences if Congress does not act. 
In 7 years, Ex-Im has supported $93 
million in exports and nearly 600 jobs just in my district. This year alone, more than half a million dollars has been financed for businesses in the 14th District. All of this was done at no cost to our taxpayers. To reduce the deficit, to create more 
jobs, to remain globally competitive, we must reauthorize the Ex-Im Bank. 
f 
ELSON FLOYD 
(Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today in honor and in memory of Washington State Univer-sity president, Dr. Elson Floyd, who passed away on June 20, after a coura-geous battle against cancer. 
Dr. Floyd was a giant for eastern 
Washington. He embodied the values we seek in our leaders. He was vision-ary. He was kindhearted. He was a fear-less and passionate advocate for higher education, our region, and our State. He had the gift of making our dreams seem possible and of turning our aspi-rations into a reality. 
It has been my privilege to know him 
and call him friend. During this dif-ficult time, my prayers continue to be with his wife, his children, and the whole WSU family. Together, Washing-tonians are inspired and will carry on his legacy. 
Thank you, Dr. Floyd, for your tire-
less work. Rest in peace. 
f 
REAUTHORIZE THE EXPORT- 
IMPORT BANK 
(Mr. CARNEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. CARNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to join my many colleagues in highlighting the urgency of reauthor-izing the Export-Import Bank. 
On Monday, I visited a steel company 
in New Castle, Delaware, called V&S Delaware Galvanizing. This small busi-ness employees 60 hard-working Dela-wareans. Their jobs depend on the fi-nancing provided by the Export-Import Bank. The failure to authorize the Bank would be a failure to support and protect these and many other jobs in Delaware. 
If we are serious about making 
things here in America, if we are seri-ous about providing good middle class jobs to people who need them, if we are serious about creating an economy that is built to last, we will reauthor-ize the Export-Import Bank before it expires next week. 
The Ex-Im Bank creates jobs across 
the country. It sustains those jobs, and it also reduces the deficit. Last year alone, the Bank returned $700 million to the United States Treasury, and it supports 160,000 U.S. jobs. 
This shouldn’t be a partisan issue, 
and it never has been in the past. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to come together and take action today to en-sure that the Export-Import Bank can continue to grow our economy and cre-ate jobs across our country. NEGOTIATIONS WITH IRAN 
(Mr. GIBBS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, in less than 
a week, the deadline for the adminis-tration’s negotiations with Iran will pass. Many people, including myself, have serious concerns about the status and the outcome of these negotiations. 
Iran’s nuclear ambitions are a threat 
to the Middle East, especially to our closest ally, Israel. I remain skeptical of Iran’s commitment to disarmament and transparency. 
I believe there are five key issues 
that must be addressed for this to be a good deal for America and Israel. 
One, unrestricted access to inspec-
tion locations on short notice—inspec-tors must be given complete access at any time and at any place for verifica-tion inspections. 
Two, Iran must disclose the entirety 
of its previous activities and efforts to-wards a nuclear weapon. 
Three, sanctions must remain in 
place until Iran complies and proves its compliance, and we must show com-mitment to a robust response to any violation. 
Four, any deal must be long term, 
and it must not include the develop-ment of and access to nuclear weapons. 
Finally, any negotiations must in-
clude provisions that require Iran to dismantle its program completely with no path to a weapon in the future. 
I believe that only if these conditions 
are met should Congress and the Amer-ican people even consider a deal with Iran. 
f 
SUPPORTING MARRIAGE 
EQUALITY 
(Mr. KILMER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I join my 
colleagues today in supporting equality and dignity for every American regard-less of whom one loves. 
Very soon, the Supreme Court will 
make an historic decision about the rights of LGBT couples and families, and it is my hope they will respect that each of us deserves as an American cit-izen the ability to have a family and to love whom one loves. 
The economic downturn illustrated 
how important it is for all families to access the protections of civil marriage so they can live with more certainty and dignity even in challenging times. 
No matter what the Court decides, 
we will keep pushing so people in lov-ing, committed relationships through-out this Nation can say two simple words with extraordinary meaning: ‘‘I do.’’ We will keep fighting to ensure that people don’t face discrimination based on whom they love. 
Let me close with the words of Presi-
dent Kennedy, who said: ‘‘In giving rights to others which belong to them, we give rights to ourselves and to our country.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.002 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4657 June 25, 2015 
ALZHEIMER’S AND BRAIN 
AWARENESS MONTH 
(Mr. JOLLY asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to add my voice in support of Alz-heimer’s and Brain Awareness Month. 
Today, 5.3 million Americans are liv-
ing with Alzheimer’s, including 200,000 who are younger than 65. When you in-clude dementia and other brain dis-eases with Alzheimer’s, the number of diagnoses is nearly on par with cancer diagnoses. 
In fact, Alzheimer’s, itself, is the 
sixth leading cause of death in the United States, and of the top 10 causes of death, Alzheimer’s is the only one that today cannot be prevented, cannot be cured, and cannot be slowed. 
This week, Congress is taking action. 
Yesterday, the House Appropriations Committee approved an initial funding bill for the Department of Health and Human Services that provides a $300 million increase over last year’s level for Alzheimer’s research at the Na-tional Institute on Aging. 
Additionally, the committee con-
tinues its support for the Peer Re-viewed Alzheimer’s Research Program at the Department of Defense. 
These programs, coupled with several 
bills pending in the House, including the HOPE for Alzheimer’s Act, are a testament to the strong advocacy that we have been witnessing on Capitol Hill and throughout the country, but we must continue to do more. 
I encourage my colleagues to join me 
in this fight and join me in raising awareness of this most critical na-tional health concern. 
f 
b0915 
RETURNING TO THE SENATE H.R. 
1735, NATIONAL DEFENSE AU-THORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I offer 
a resolution constituting a question of the privileges of the House. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the resolution. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
H. R ES. 340 
Resolved, That the Senate amendment to 
the bill (H.R. 1735) entitled ‘‘To authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activi-ties of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes’’, in the opinion of this House, contravenes the first clause of the seventh section of the first arti-cle of the Constitution of the United States and is an infringement of the privileges of this House and that such bill, with the Sen-ate amendment thereto, shall be respectfully returned to the Senate with a message com-municating this resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The res-
olution presents a question of the privileges of the House. Without objection, the resolution is 
agreed to. 
For what purpose does the gentleman 
from Michigan seek recognition? 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the right to object, only to say I do not object. 
Mr. BOUSTANY. I thank the gen-
tleman. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Michigan withdraws his reservation. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO THE HOUSE AMENDMENT TO THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 1295, TRADE PREFERENCES EX-TENSION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, by di-
rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 338 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 338 
Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-
lution it shall be in order to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 1295) to extend the African Growth and Opportunity Act, the Generalized System of Preferences, the pref-erential duty treatment program for Haiti, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment thereto, and to consider in the House, without intervention of any point of order, a motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Ways and Means or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment. The Senate amendment and the motion shall be considered as read. The motion shall be debatable for one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the motion to adoption without intervening motion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, for the 
purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
LAUGHTER ), my 
friend, pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of de-bate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise this morning in support of a 
rule which would allow for an up-or- down vote in the House on the Senate amendment to H.R. 1295, the Trade Preferences Extension Act, so that it 
can be considered by the full House; and, if the bill passes, it will head to the President’s desk along with the trade promotion authority for the President’s signature. 
This bill that would be considered 
after passage of this rule renews the Generalized System of Preferences pro-gram, extending the African Growth and Opportunity Act, and reauthorizes Trade Adjustment Assistance, known as TAA. 
The activity on the floor of the 
House today represents a promise to Congress made by Speaker B
OEHNER  
and Senate Majority Leader M CCON-
NELL . After House Democrats voted 
down TAA last week, the House consid-ered and passed TPA, with a bipartisan majority, and sent it to the Senate. In the meantime, the Speaker and the Senate majority leader promised that they would ensure that both TPA and TAA receive votes in the House and the Senate. 
As promised, here we are today. The 
Senate yesterday delivered it, when it passed TPA 60–38, which is now headed to the President’s desk for his signa-ture. The Senate also passed the Sen-ate amendment to H.R. 1295, which will be considered today under the rule which we are speaking about. The final legislative step is for the House to con-sider the Trade Preferences Extension Act, and that is exactly what the rule will do. 
This rule and the underlying bill rep-
resents the end of a long process to de-liver trade promotion authority on be-half of the American people. Mr. Speaker, it is a Republican agenda about jobs. By passing TPA, the House and the Senate proved to the world that America is willing to lead and to stand for jobs and interaction between great countries to help lead in the 21st century. We believe in the rule of law, we believe in intellectual property, and we believe in an opportunity for con-sumers to have the best products, wherever they are around the world, at a great price. 
The world has responded, and our 
partner nations have indicated that they are now ready to begin the nego-tiation to bring their best deals to the table. As these negotiations heat up, it is vital that the administration follow the requirements of TPA, some 160 sep-arate, specific items which this House and the legislation very clearly talks about. It will lead negotiation to a deal that is good for the American people. If the administration violates that prom-ise, the House can turn off TPA and stop the process. 
Once a trade agreement is completed, 
the President is required to make pub-lic the text of an agreement for 60 days before the President seeks approval to it. The President must then submit the final text of any trade agreement to Congress 30 days before it gets a vote. Because of this important trans-parency feature of TPA, the American people have seen a better process than 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.003 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4658 June 25, 2015 
what existed today. We will have 
months to read the text of any deal be-fore Congress votes on it. 
Most importantly, though, Congress 
retains its right to vote up or down on any agreement. So if the President brings us a bad trade deal, we can and we would vote that down. This ensures that Congress, and only the U.S. Con-gress, can change and agree to any law or agreement that is made that be-comes U.S. law. 
We have also proved that Washington 
has learned from some States, like my home State of Texas, which benefit greatly from trade. Trade supports over 3 million jobs in Texas, and last year Texas exported $289 billion worth of goods and services to trading part-ners around the globe. Because of the process Congress has gone through the past few weeks, we can ensure that the growth, the availability of better jobs, and high-paying opportunities lie ahead for the American people. 
At a time when it has become very 
difficult to create jobs in this country, we will, through trade promotion au-thority and these trade deals, offer new and great opportunities for more jobs and to build more American products and to sell more products around the globe. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume, and I thank the gentleman very much for yielding me the time, but the procedural jockeying that has unfolded before us does a disservice to our Chamber, to our economy, and to our Nation. 
Mr. Speaker, without opportunity for 
Members to offer amendments, without clear consideration, and without, cer-tainly, robust debate, the bills have bounced from one Chamber to another, jumped back and forth between in every iteration that can be cooked up. 
The procedural machinations do deep 
disservice not only to the bills, but to the people it will impact, and I think even to the House of Representatives. Thomas Jefferson, who authored the legislative manual that guides our pro-cedure, would be pained to see the path by which these trade packages have come to the floor. 
From beginning to end, Members of 
this body have been shut out, shut out from reading the text of the Trans-Pa-cific Partnership that has now been fast-tracked, and we are not being able to discuss it with our constituents. 
It is not just the American Rep-
resentatives that have been silenced, either. The trade deal is upending leg-islative bodies across the world, and particularly in another great democ-racy involved in this agreement—Aus-tralia. The people’s representatives in Australia could not look at this bill, even though they had great concern that PhRMA was going to do great harm to their own health system in Australia as well as in New Zealand. They couldn’t even go to see about that unless they signed a paper that 
they would not discuss it for 4 years. So, two of the great democracies on the planet working on this trade bill, the United States and Australia, basically shut out the people’s representatives from knowing what it is that we are even talking about today. 
Mr. Speaker, I insert for the R
ECORD  
the text of an article about the Aus-tralians, an article from The Guardian from June 11, titled, ‘‘Leaked Trade Deal Terms Prompt Fears for Pharma-ceutical Benefits Scheme.’’ 
[From the Guardian, June 11, 2015] 
(Gabrielle Chan) 
The leak of new information on the Trans- 
Pacific Partnership agreement (TPP) shows the mega-trade deal could provide more ways for multinational corporations to influence Australia’s control of its pharmaceutical regulations. 
Revealed via Wikileaks, the annexe on 
‘‘transparency and procedural fairness for pharmaceutical products and medical de-vices’’ uncovered the draft agreements re-garding medicines between the 12 TPPA member countries. 
The leak comes as US Republican leaders 
announced a vote on Friday that may pro-vide Barack Obama a fast-track authority to complete the agreement with Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam. The countries represent 40% of the world’s economy. 
The leaked text, dated December 2014, laid 
out the draft rules for member countries re-garding medicines under national health care programs, in Australia’s case, the Phar-maceutical Benefits Scheme (PBS). The TPP has yet to be signed off. 
The Abbott government has argued the 
trade deal will provide access for Australian products to other markets. But it requires Australia to trade off regulations that stop access by other countries and particularly multinational companies to the Australian market. 
Critics have suggested the deal, which is 
likely to include Investor State Dispute Set-tlement (ISDS) clauses, will allow big cor-porations to sue Australian governments. Philip Morris International is currently challenging the former Labor government’s tobacco plain packaging laws under a Hong Kong trade treaty ISDS. 
Trade experts leaped on the rare informa-
tion release regarding the secret but wide- ranging trade deal. Deborah Gleeson, a lec-turer at the school of psychology and public health at La Trobe University, said the in-clusion of an annexe on health ‘‘serves no useful public interest purpose’’. 
‘‘It sets a terrible precedent for using re-
gional trade deals to tamper with other countries’ health systems and could cir-cumscribe the options available to devel-oping countries seeking to introduce phar-maceutical coverage programs in future,’’ Gleeson said. 
Jane Kelsey of the faculty of law of the 
University of Auckland described the annexe as one of the most controversial parts of the TPP in her analysis. She said the US phar-maceutical industry was using the trade agreement to target New Zealand’s Pharma-ceutical Management Agency (Pharmac), equivalent to the PBS. 
‘‘This ‘transparency’ annexe seeks to erode 
the processes and decisions of agencies that decide which medicines and medical devices to subsidise the public money and by how much,’’ Kelsey said. 
‘‘This leaked text shows the TPP will se-
verely erode Pharmac’s ability to continue to deliver affordable medicines and medical 
devices as it has for the past two decades. 
‘‘That will mean fewer medicines are 
subsidised, or people will pay more as co- payments or more of the health budget will go to pay for medicines instead of other ac-tivities or the health budget will have to ex-pand beyond the cap. 
‘‘Whatever the outcome, the big global 
pharmaceutical companies will win and the poorest and most vulnerable New Zealanders will lose.’’ 
AMA president Brian Owler said while doc-
tors were very concerned at the possible ef-fects on Australia’s healthcare systems, they were constantly dismissed by the trade min-ister Andrew Robb. 
‘‘When we have raised concerns about the 
effects on health, the only response is ‘we are not going to undermine the Pharma-ceutical Benefits Scheme’,’’ said Owler. 
‘‘We are worried about the Investor State 
Dispute Settlement (ISDS) mechanism and there are issues in terms of patents that would affect pharmaceutical prices. 
‘‘The problem is our concerns have been 
dismissed by the trade minister but we do not know what is in the text.’’ 
However, Robb said on Thursday that the 
government would not accept anything that would adversely affect the PBS, the health system more generally, or increase the price of medicines for Australians. 
‘‘It’s perhaps time to look at the enormous 
benefits that will flow from a more seamless trade and investment environment across 12 countries representing 40 percent of global GDP,’’ Robb said. 
‘‘New levels of market access and common 
sets of trading rules will help support growth, create new jobs and result in higher living standards.’’ 
Parliamentarians were offered the chance 
to see the TPP draft by Robb if they agreed to a four year non-disclosure agreement. 
A cross-party parliamentary working 
group has formed, including Greens senator Peter Whish-Wilson, Labor MP Melissa Parke and independent senator Nick Xeno-phon. 
Whish-Wilson, who has not seen the draft 
as he refused to agree to the terms of the agreement, said the latest leak suggested the Australian PBS could be undermined. 
‘‘These negotiations are happening behind 
closed doors, without the scrutiny of the par-liament,’’ he said. 
‘‘At the very least, the Australian people 
deserve to be reassured that the government won’t allow any deal which drives up the public health costs for Australian taxpayers such as further subsidising important new medicines including biologics.’’ 
During the most recent senate estimates in 
the past fortnight, Whish-Wilson questioned officials from the department of foreign af-fairs and trade about the strategic impor-tance of the TPP to the United States. 
The secretary of Dfat, Peter Varghese, said 
the whole purpose was to indicate a ‘‘ramped up US presence in Asia’’. 
‘‘The conclusion of the TPP is important 
to the United States in terms of its rebal-ance, because it is an important step in rela-tion to the economic engagement of the United States with the region, and the whole purpose of the re-balance was to indicate a ramped up US presence in Asia, and a rec-ognition of the importance of Asia in broader US geostrategic thinking,’’ Varghese said. 
‘‘We in Australia have never seen the TPP 
as an instrument for locking anybody out— in fact, quite the contrary.’’ 
The trade minister’s office was contacted 
for comment. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. So the two great 
democracies are now being cut out, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.006 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4659 June 25, 2015 
the 750,000 people that I represent in 
western New York have been silenced because I don’t go see a trade bill if I can’t discuss it with them. 
There has been no regular order and 
absolutely no Member input, with the exception of the Committee on Ways and Means. Now, the Senate had plenty of opportunity for amendments, and they were plentiful. Many of them were accepted. They also had robust debate, but not the House of Representatives. The opportunity in the Committee on Ways and Means to offer amendments did not result in acceptance of any Democratic amendments. 
Over the last 3 weeks, the Democrats 
and Republicans, alike, came to the Committee on Rules with ideas to try to make the trade package better. They ranged from currency manipula-tion to labor standards to environ-mental fixes to the investor-state dis-pute settlement, but one by one they were shut out. 
Perhaps one of the most critical is 
the investor-state dispute settlement, where three lawyers will be allowed to adjudicate all cases brought against any of the participating countries, in many cases resulting against change in their laws. I should note that the House of Representatives, in fear of all this, has already voted to do away with country of origin labeling. 
What is more, on the third rule that 
we have had in so many weeks on trade, we are being asked to vote on two separate bills packaged into one vote. On one hand, we have Trade Ad-justment Assistance, or TAA; on the other hand, we have the African Growth and Opportunity Act, or AGOA, which most of us have supported. The other part of this is a bill that was trounced in the House of Representa-tives. We find ourselves in the position of supporting the African Growth and Opportunity Act at the same time of a vote that most of us have voted against, the TAA. 
Linking these two bills together is 
untenable and goes again the mores of the Chamber. And as we see, when the process is strained, the bills suffer, but most of all, the people we represent suffer. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. SESSIONS. I yield myself such 
time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, the gentlewoman brings 
up a lot of good issues. We have been on the floor talking about this bill for a long, long time: hours of debate up in the Committee on Rules; hours of de-bate not only in the Committee on Ways and Means, but also watching the United States Senate for weeks work through this issue. 
I think the gentlewoman knows and 
understands that any final trade deal will result in our ability to see in writ-ing—and the public—this document; and the gentlewoman knows and under-stands it is simply not true if we try and say that we can’t see what is in the bill, we don’t know what is in the bill. Plenty of time, plenty of time to do 
that. It is just not available yet. 
So why would you put out something 
that has not yet been negotiated? I wouldn’t do that. And whether the ad-ministration has handled this entire process well or not may be up for spec-ulation, but I find it hard to criticize. Any Member of Congress was given an opportunity to come and read what ex-ists today. This is not the final deal. Members of Congress have not seen the final deal because it has not been nego-tiated. When it is negotiated, when whoever the President is brings a trade deal back to the United States, to the United States Congress, we will be able to see it. 
Secondly, very specifically, Chair-
man P
AULRYAN of the Committee on 
Ways and Means put in the law that any Member of Congress may take part in any of the trade talks as they evolve around the country. Members of Con-gress are allowed to do this, and I think that it is a real advantage to have more authority for Members of Congress of rules and regulations, put-ting us into the process to where we are a part of understanding not only what we would be voting on, but the importance of us being involved throughout the process. 
Lastly, the gentlewoman is right. I 
do understand that the rules and regu-lations that have been added, not every Member of this House would like them, but I felt like they were important. I would like to just go through some of those very quickly. 
One of them is that we are not going 
to allow any part of a trade deal to end up as an immigration deal. That is the wrong thing. This should be about trade, not about immigration. 
Secondly, it shouldn’t be about cli-
mate change, and we specifically said it cannot be about climate change. 
Lastly, we said that for our own au-
thority—and I think the constitutional bounds are there for us to say that—if there are any changes in this docu-ment, those changes have to come through Congress for us to approve them. 
b0930 
Of course, not every colleague that 
we have in the House would be for those rules, but I believe that they are in the best interest of this body. 
I believe they are in the best interest 
of making sure that the way the world sees us is that we work together from a democracy, a republic perspective; that we work back through the things that we agree to in law, in bilateral deals, would have to involve the United States Congress. It would have to in-volved the United States Senate and the President and us working together. 
By the authority granted within this 
TPA, that is exactly what we will do. I think it is well balanced. I think it is really a work of art that Chairman R
YAN has crafted, along with our col-
leagues in the Senate, and I am proud of that. I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself 1 minute. 
What the gentleman said sounds won-
derful, and so we are all going to have an opportunity to do it, but we have not been in on the negotiation. All we know about it is what has come through WikiLeaks, that it is being ne-gotiated mainly by financial services and pharmaceutical companies. 
Once we pass fast trade and it has 
passed both Houses, once that is done, the administration can do the trade bill itself in perfect secrecy, and we will not know it until it comes to the House. At that point, all we can do is vote up or down. It is my sincere hope that we vote it down. 
I am now pleased to yield 5 minutes 
to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. L
YNCH ). 
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank the gentlewoman for yielding. 
I want to begin this discussion by 
saying I have the utmost respect for the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
ES-
SIONS ). I have worked with him on 
other issues where we have agreed. That is not the case today. 
I also know that there will be Mem-
bers of the majority and Members of the minority that have a different opinion than I do on this matter, and it 
does not mean I have less respect for them; it just means we have a dif-ference of agreement on this one bill. 
Now, when I first met my wife, I was 
an ironworker. I worked as an iron-worker for 20 years. Then I went to law school and became an attorney. Then I ran for office and became a politician. My wife says it has been one dis-appointment after another. 
When I was an ironworker, I had an 
opportunity to work at the General Motors facility, the auto plant in Fra-mingham, Massachusetts. That was just before they made a decision to close that plant, close a couple in Michigan, and move them over the bor-der to Mexico. I have seen the effect that that has had on local communities where that has happened. 
I oppose this bill because I want a 
stronger America. That is why I oppose this bill. Our trade agreements nego-tiated under fast track have had a con-tinual pattern of exporting American jobs overseas. That is just the fact of the matter. 
Now, you might be surprised that a 
former union president, a Democrat, an ironworker would oppose a bill. The ob-ject of this bill is to provide public as-sistance to workers after we send their jobs overseas. That is the object of this bill. When their jobs are exported, we will give them public assistance and some training for a new job. 
I oppose this bill; some people find 
that surprising, but I can only draw on my own experience. I always felt that I would rather have my Representative fighting for my job than coming up with a public assistance program to support me after I lost my job. 
That is why I am here on the floor 
today. I think American workers want 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.007 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4660 June 25, 2015 
their Representative in the fight. They 
want them in the fight to protect their jobs, not to give them public assistance after they ship their jobs overseas. That is as simple as I can describe. 
I think I understand the American 
people. I think I understand the Amer-ican worker. I have been there, and this does not do the job. 
If you want to read this bill, you 
have to go to a secret location here on the Capitol Grounds. I had to give up my cell phone and my iPad. I had to give them my pen. I was not allowed to bring any paper. I can’t take notes. They bring in a big box with the bill, and they sat it down in front of me, and they let me read it. They do not allow me to talk to the people who sent me here about what is in that bill. 
That is not right. That is undemo-
cratic. There is a reason they don’t let me talk about that bill to the people I represent and everybody else in this Chamber—because they would not like it. They would tell you: Do not pass this bill; it is going to cost our jobs and our kids’ jobs. 
The people who are drafting this bill, 
though, as the gentlewoman from New York spoke, are industries like the chemical industry, the pharmaceutical industry. They are all drafting sections of this bill; yet the people who rep-resent American workers are kept out of the process. 
Later on, we will be able to vote up 
or down, but we cannot fix this bill. Unlike every other bill that comes to this floor that we are allowed to amend, we cannot fix this bill. We have to vote it up or down, and that is not right. That is not right. If we see a problem, we should be able to fix it. 
I was listening to a guy the other day 
talk about the fact that we shouldn’t really worry about not having manu-facturing jobs in America anymore, that we have a service economy. He de-scribed it as a Starbucks economy. 
Now, I love Starbucks as much as the 
next guy; I like my grande latte, but the Starbucks economy does not work unless you have someone who can walk into that store and pay $4 for a cup of coffee. This is not good for America. 
I was watching that Roosevelt show 
last night on PBS, and they talked about, after the Second World War, the world called America ‘‘the arsenal of democracy’’ because our industrial might, our manufacturing capacity, al-lowed us to marshal resources and save the world. 
We have continually exported mil-
lions and millions and millions of American manufacturing jobs in the industrial capacity. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. I yield the gen-
tleman an additional 2 minutes. 
Mr. LYNCH. I am just getting wound 
up. 
They referred to America after the 
Second World War as the arsenal of de-mocracy because we did save the world. Today, when the world looks at us after we have exported millions of 
manufacturing jobs and industrial ca-pacity overseas, I think they look at America and say: You know, in Amer-ica, they can make us a good cup of coffee if you can pay $4 a cup. 
This is not the direction we should be 
sending America. I have the utmost re-spect for my friends on the other side of aisle. Democrats on my side of the aisle are going to support this. We have to get America’s Representatives, Members of Congress, back in this fight. We have abnegated our responsi-bility. 
We negotiate a lot of complicated 
bills on this floor and over in the Sen-ate, nuclear regulatory issues, bank-
ruptcy—very complicated issues—war and peace; yet we can’t negotiate this trade deal. We have got to leave it up to multinational corporations. That is flat wrong. America wants their Rep-resentatives back in the fight on this issue. 
Let’s vote this bill down; let’s get rid 
of TPA and let the American workers have a voice on the floor of this House of Representatives on this bill. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
The gentleman, my friend from Mas-
sachusetts, is a great man and a very dear friend, but I would respond and say to the gentleman that you are going to have an opportunity, and I can’t wait to get you invited to every single round of these and have you find time to go do exactly what you think Members of Congress ought to be doing because, in fact, that is the way the TPA is written. 
Now, we haven’t agreed to it yet be-
cause it has not been signed by—well, that has—but this whole process. As soon as that takes place, the gen-tleman will have all the opportunity he wants to go and take part in every round of the discussions. 
I don’t believe that is what we were 
elected for. I don’t believe we were elected to go and have to do all the work that is described that the gen-tleman said to get back into the fight, to go offer the trade deals, to go do the negotiating. 
He will be given that chance. He will 
be given that chance every single day. As soon as it is signed by the Presi-dent, he can go at it. He can maybe even just tell the President he wants to do this for a full-time job; I don’t know, but he will have that oppor-tunity. 
Every Member of this body will have 
that same chance. He and every Mem-ber will have a chance to go and nego-
tiate, be in the room, be a part of the discussion, and make sure all these big, multilateral corporations that he talks about that will be in the room—which they won’t be because that would not be the right thing. There would be eth-ics violations. I am sure the White House, the executive branch, can notify him of that, but he will be allowed as a Member of Congress. 
Mr. Speaker, the things that are 
being talked about most as negative points about this bill, there is already 
an answer to it. That is what Repub-licans did. 
This is a Republican bill. This is 
about the authority of the House of Representatives, the United States Congress, to make sure we are in-volved. That has never been allowed be-fore. 
Fast track is what we used to have. 
That is what we did have. We now have a bill before us today which will help us complete the entire process, to make sure Members of Congress are in-volved, not just the United States ne-gotiator; but all the world will know the piece parts about how we are going to negotiate the trade deal. If it doesn’t come back that way, we will vote it down. 
Do we need to second-guess them now 
today? I don’t think so, but if any Member wants to be involved in this, they can just get on their plane and go wherever they want and get it done. By law, they will be allowed that oppor-tunity. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself 1 minute. 
I have great admiration for Mr. S
ES-
SIONS . We truly are good friends, and I 
know that he is absolutely sincere when he says that every Member of Congress is going to have input now into this bill that has not even begun. 
If there is no bill, then why is every-
body talking about going to read some-thing? For goodness sake, when you passed the TPA, we have passed fast track. You can’t say we are not oper-ating under fast track. 
I hear that all the time, and it really 
grates on me because fast track is what was passed here and in the Senate that gives to the administration the ability to negotiate that. 
It will come in here, and we may be 
reading all of it—if we have the ability to do that—before we vote; I am not even clear about that. But I do know that they negotiate it; it is brought over here, and we get to vote ‘‘yes’’ or ‘‘no.’’ We don’t amend it. There will be nothing that we can say about it, and we are stuck with it. 
Not only do we have fast track, but it 
is not just until the expiration of President Obama’s term; it is for years beyond, so a future President can do whatever they please because the Con-gress gave that authority to the execu-tive department. Why? I don’t know. 
It doesn’t just apply to this one trade 
bill. I hope everybody understands that. When they passed TPA here the other day, they were doing it for years to come. 
I yield such time as he may consume 
to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. L
YNCH ). 
Mr. LYNCH. I thank the gentle-
woman for yielding. 
I will try not to repeat the argu-
ments that the gentlewoman has put forward, but I do have to say that there is about 8 pounds of bill over there at a secure location, as I spoke of before, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.008 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4661 June 25, 2015 
that I can’t talk about it in public be-
cause I am precluded from doing that. I would violate the rules of the House and the classified status that has been accorded that material, so I can’t real-ly talk about it. 
I can say that it is very complicated. 
Like I say, there is probably, I am guessing, about 8 pounds of document there that you have to read. It is large-
ly aspirational. In other words, I will paraphrase without disclosing any clas-sified information. It largely says the parties will aspire or engage to do blah, blah, blah. It is largely unenforceable. 
Here is another part of the problem. 
We are negotiating the biggest multi-national trade agreement in the his-tory of the United States. You have got some countries that I think are reli-able partners and that we have a his-tory with. 
Canada, even before free trade agree-
ments, we had trade agreements with Canada. They have the rule of law there. It is not a race to the bottom with Canada or with Australia or with New Zealand. 
b0945 
I think we have rule of law estab-
lished in those countries. But we also, in the same agreement, are negotiating with Vietnam. 
I went to Vietnam not long ago, and 
when we talked issues, I sat down across the table from a bunch of Com-munist generals. They run the country. They have problems with prison labor. They have problems with child labor. They have serious problems with envi-ronmental standards in that country. 
Malaysia, do you know what the min-
imum wage in Malaysia is? Zero. They do that to try to attract companies. 
The situation in Chile and Peru, we 
have organizers that have tried to work on behalf of workers who have been killed in those countries. There is no rule of law established in those countries where we have had success in enforcing our agreements. That has been a major problem. 
So we are going to ask the American 
worker to compete with workers in Vietnam, who get, I think it is 90 cents an hour, 97 cents an hour—I don’t want to sell them short—97 cents an hour in a country that has had a history of major problems, as I have spoken about. Malaysia, the same thing. 
We can’t enforce our agreements. 
And on the issue of who has drafted this bill, it is my understanding that the chemical industry provisions in that TPP were drafted by the chemical industry. They like it. They got ex-actly what they wanted. The same thing with these other industries. 
And again, why is it a national secret 
that I can’t talk about a bill that is going to affect every American citizen today? And not only that, it is going to affect their sons and daughters. 
There is a reason that our kids com-
ing out of college can’t get jobs. We have got to wake up. 
I told this story before. I went to 
Korea recently, with JPAC. It was about the Korean war and recovering 
our sons and daughters who fought in that country and are still there. But while I was there, I looked for Amer-ican cars because we had passed a free trade agreement with Korea. We were there for days. I had two young Navy lieutenants with me. I said, Let’s all look for American cars. 
We saw two American cars in the 
time we were there in Korea. It is a big industrial country. They have got plen-ty of traffic. We saw hundreds of thou-sands of cars. I saw two American cars: the one I was driving in from the Em-bassy, and the one that the Navy lieu-tenants were driving in behind me. They have shut us out. 
You go to Japan, it is pretty much 
the same story. I said before, you need to hire a detective to find an American car in Japan. 
So we have had very little success in 
enforcing our trade agreements over-seas. We have got a lousy deal. 
So all I am asking is, look, I believe 
in—and you know what? I have to say, the EU did it right. The EU, when they negotiated with South Korea, they said: If you are going to sell cars into the EU from Korea, we want 30 percent of the components in that car to be made in the EU. And they created a lot of work for their auto parts industry. 
Think about it. We could do that. 
Congress could do that. We could main-tain that, if they are going to sell a foreign car here, we want 40 percent or 50 percent of the components to be manufactured here in the United States. We would create millions of jobs in the United States. There is nothing wrong with that. It is a good thing. We would restore industrial and manufacturing capacity in the United States if Congress got back in the game. 
I am not against free trade. I think 
free trade works when it is balanced. I want somebody in there fighting for the American worker. We don’t have that now. We don’t have that now. Con-gress has abdicated its responsibility by agreeing to buy a pig in a poke be-cause, when they bring that bill back on the floor here, we are going to have to vote up or down. 
You won’t have the ability to change 
the bill like you do on every other bill that is brought on the floor of Con-gress. You will not have that ability. Congress will have abdicated its re-sponsibility to represent the people that sent them here. 
Free trade can work. Let’s have a 
fair deal for the American worker. That is all I am asking for. 
If there were a fair deal for the Amer-
ican worker that I could read and talk to my constituents about—you know, I have got 727,514 bosses back in Massa-chusetts, and they sent me here to do my job, and I am trying to do that on their behalf. I think that every other Member of Congress is trying to do their job as well. We can’t do that if TPA goes through. We need to give the American worker a voice, and we can do that today. Let’s vote this stuff down. Let’s talk 
to the President. He is a good man, wants to create American jobs. Let’s have an open debate. It should not be a secret. It should not be a national se-cret about these agreements we are having with multinational corpora-tions. We should not be afraid that the American people might find out what is going on here. 
We should be proud of what we are 
doing here. We should want it plastered all over the front pages of the news-papers in this country. We should be proud of our work here. 
I can’t be proud of what is going on 
right now, and so I urge my colleagues to vote against it. Vote this down. Let’s change this system to a trans-parent system that the American peo-ple can be assured that their Rep-resentatives in Congress are doing the right thing. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I really, 
once again, appreciate the gentleman for coming to the floor and speaking directly with you and all of his col-leagues about the importance of this bill and, really, the problems he has with it. 
But I would also like to let you 
know, Mr. Speaker, that the number one selling car in Korea is an Amer-ican-made car. We signed a trade agreement in 2011 with Korea. The Toy-ota Camry from Georgetown, Ken-tucky, the Toyota made in George-town, Kentucky, is the number one selling vehicle in Korea starting last year. 
Now, there may not be a lot of them 
necessarily where the gentleman vis-ited in Korea, but that is a fact; and the gentleman from Georgetown, Ken-tucky, A
NDYBARR, who is a Member of 
this Congress, has talked about this for a long, long time. 
The trade agreements, when the 
United States engages with them, we end up with surpluses, and it is better for the American worker. The trade agreement jobs pay 30 percent more than the nontrade-associated jobs in this country; and by virtue of what we are doing we are trying to get a trade deal now where Japan would be in-volved because we do want Japan to open up their marketplaces. But where we have these agreements, that is what happens. The American worker wins. 
So TPA is already the law of the 
land. The question we have today is whether we are going to include in that package the last parts of this, which would be TAA, which do give, if there is a difference as a result of the trade deals where an industry, where a town, where a group of people were ‘‘harmed,’’ then the law would be there for retraining. 
I think that is the right vote. That is 
why Speaker B
OEHNER is bringing this 
back, even though, by and large, this concept was turned down by the Demo-cratic Party, from the very top of their organization to the bottom. That is why Speaker B
OEHNER understood the 
right and fair thing to do. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.009 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4662 June 25, 2015 
Senate Majority Leader M CCONNELL  
said the right thing to do is to bring it back; let’s see if we can repackage it. Let’s see if we can take a little bit of time, measure three times, saw again, see if we can get it right. That is what we are trying to do. 
Trade Promotion Authority that the 
gentleman has been speaking of is al-ready the law of the land. The question is will this last piece be a part of it. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. I yield myself 
such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, what we have heard this 
morning must certainly cause great confusion in the minds of America. Let me restate what has happened here. 
The Congress has passed fast-track 
authority, TPA, for 6 years. It goes be-yond this President’s term and covers 4 years of another. Why that happened, I am not really clear, but it certainly is something we have given away our right to negotiate trade agreements, which, by the way, the Constitution gives us the ability to do. 
Second, there will be no input. The 
Congress of the United States will not be writing that trade bill. That is pure-ly in the hands of the Trade Represent-ative and the Executive Department of the United States. 
Our next role, and the only one we 
have, is to vote up or down on whatever they present us. What a sad day it is. 
And I want to agree with Mr. L
YNCH . 
The very fact of passing this bill is an admission and knowing that we are going to lose jobs. 
My part of the district in western 
New York is just now starting to re-gain its footing after NAFTA. You have heard me say it a million times. Eastman Kodak, one of the iconic com-panies in the country—in the world, ac-tually—went from 62,000 employees down to foreign bankruptcy. What we have got, also NAFTA has put us, the losses there, as the fifth city that is under the poverty line in the United States. 
For heaven’s sake, it breaks my 
heart to think that my constituents are going to have to be facing this again, because people who have voted for all this don’t seem to understand what it is that they have done. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. I appre-ciate my colleagues, the gentleman from Massachusetts, the gentlewoman from New York, for their engagement today. 
Mr. Speaker, confirmed again, the 
number one car, the car of the year in Korea in 2013: Toyota Camry, made in Georgetown, Kentucky. I have had 10 people text me trying to give me more information about what a great oppor-tunity this is for American workers. 
Mr. Speaker, that is what this bill is 
about. It is about the jobs opportunity and a fair proposal, not just by the ad-ministration, not just by the House and the Senate but, really, a Republican 
bill for jobs. This is a jobs bill, a jobs bill that will allow the American work-er to have new boundaries, new oppor-tunities to go out in. 
And let me tell you, Mr. Speaker, I 
don’t travel very much. But I will tell you that I know from the stories that come back, people want American- made products. They want American- made, everything from jeans all the way to high-tech products. They want American products because of the reli-ability of the American workers, be-cause of the stability of America, and we have got a great opportunity with this final piece, part of this trade agreement to move it forward. 
I think 5 years from now we are 
going to look back and say, Wow, what did we do great? And you can mark it just like they do this year, 2 years ago, looking back to the Toyota Camry, number one in the Korean market. 
Mr. Speaker, today’s rule provides 
for, I think, just an up-or-down vote— it is really simple—to Senate amend-ment H.R. 1295, the Trade Preferences Extension Act. By passing this rule today, we can move on. The House will have an opportunity to consider the bill, and it will head to the President’s desk, this package of bills to the Presi-dent. 
I urge adoption of the rule and look 
forward to the debate that will follow on the real substance of the bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
b1000 
RAISING A QUESTION OF THE 
PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Speaker, I have a privileged resolution at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the resolution. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
H. R ES. lll 
Whereas on December 20, 1860, South Caro-
lina became the first State to secede from the Union; 
Whereas on January 9, 1861, Mississippi se-
ceded from the Union, stating in its ‘‘Dec-laration of Immediate Causes’’ that ‘‘[o]ur position is thoroughly identified with the in-stitution of slavery – the greatest material interest of the world.’’; 
Whereas on February 9, 1861, the Confed-
erate States of America was formed with a group of 11 States as a purported sovereign nation and with Jefferson Davis of Mis-sissippi as its president; Whereas on March 11, 1861, the Confederate 
States of America adopted its own constitu-tion; 
Whereas on April 12, 1861, the Confederate 
States of America fired shots upon Fort Sumter in Charleston, South Carolina, effec-tively beginning the Civil War; 
Whereas the United States did not recog-
nize the Confederate States of America as a sovereign nation, but rather as a rebel insur-rection, and took to military battle to bring the rogue states back into the Union; 
Whereas on April 9, 1865, General Robert E. 
Lee surrendered to General Ulysses S. Grant at Appomattox Court House in Virginia, ef-fectively, ending the Civil War and pre-
serving the Union; 
Whereas during the Civil War, the Confed-
erate States of America used the Navy Jack, Battle Flag, and other imagery as a symbols of the Confederate armed forces; 
Whereas since the end of the Civil War, the 
Navy Jack, Confederate battle flag, and other imagery of the Confederacy have been appropriated by groups as a symbols of hate, terror, intolerance, and as supportive of the institution of slavery; 
Whereas groups such as the Ku Klux Klan 
and other white supremacist groups utilize Confederate imagery to frighten, terrorize, and cause harm to groups of people toward whom they have hateful intent, including Af-rican Americans, Hispanic Americans, and Jewish Americans; 
Whereas many State and Federal political 
leaders, including United States Senators Thad Cochran and Roger Wicker, along with Mississippi House Speaker Philip Gunn and other State leaders, have spoken out and ad-vocated for the removal of the imagery of the Confederacy on Mississippi’s state flag; 
Whereas many Members of Congress, in-
cluding Speaker John Boehner, support the removal of the Confederate flag from the grounds of South Carolina’s capitol; 
Whereas Speaker John Boehner released a 
statement on the issue saying, ‘‘I commend Governor Nikki Haley and other South Caro-lina leaders in their effort to remove the Confederate flag from Statehouse grounds. In his second inaugural address 150 years ago, and a month before his assassination, President Abraham Lincoln ended his speech with these powerful words, which are as meaningful today as when they were spoken on the East Front of the Capitol on March 4, 1865: ‘With malice toward none, with charity for all, with firmness in the right as God gives us to see the right, let us strive on to finish the work we are in, to bind up the na-tion’s wounds, to care for him who shall have borne the battle and for his widow and his orphan, to do all which may achieve and cherish a just and lasting peace among our-selves and with all nations.’’’; 
Whereas the House of Representatives has 
several State flags with imagery of the Con-federacy throughout its main structures and House office buildings; 
Whereas it is an uncontroverted fact that 
symbols of the Confederacy offend and insult many members of the general public who use the hallways of Congress each day; 
Whereas Congress has never permanently 
recognized in its hallways the symbols of sovereign nations with whom it has gone to war or rogue entities such as the Confederate States of America; 
Whereas continuing to display a symbol of 
hatred, oppression, and insurrection that nearly tore our Union apart and that is known to offend many groups throughout the country would irreparably damage the reputation of this august institution and of-fend the very dignity of the House of Rep-resentatives; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.011 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4663 June 25, 2015 
Whereas this impairment of the dignity of 
the House and its Members constitutes a vio-lation under rule IX of the Rules of the House of Representatives of the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Speaker of the House of 
Representatives shall remove any State flag containing any portion of the Confederate battle flag, other than a flag displayed by the office of a Member of the House, from any area within the House wing of the Cap-itol or any House office building, and shall donate any such flag to the Library of Con-gress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The res-
olution presents a question of privi-lege. 
MOTION TO REFER  
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I have 
a motion at the desk. 
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report 
the motion. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. McCarthy moves that the resolution be 
referred to the Committee on House Admin-istration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from California is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, all 
time yielded is for the purpose of de-bate only. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman 
for bringing this resolution to the at-tention of the House. 
As I have said many times before, I 
am a big believer in the committee process to discuss all issues that come before the floor, especially one of this importance. I think this resolution should be referred to the Committee on House Administration to give other Members an opportunity to weigh in. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 
the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman yielding the time. 
Mr. Speaker, to someone who has 
lived his entire life in the State of Mis-sissippi and has had to endure a symbol that represented bigotry, hatred, and everything this country is not, I am convinced that an effort to remove this flag from the hallowed Halls of the House of Representatives is the right thing to do. 
We all know the history of the South. 
We know the secessionists’ motivations behind the Civil War, and my ancestors were those individuals who were held in bondage against their will. 
We are a Nation of laws. We should 
not identify with symbols of hatred and bigotry. That flag, those symbols should be put in a museum. They should not be flown under any cir-cumstance where there is freedom and dignity in this great institution of ours. 
I know it is a hard choice for Mem-
bers to do, but I saw what happened in Charleston, South Carolina, last Wednesday. The whole world saw it, and they did not like it. This is one step toward getting us healed as a Na-tion. 
I take it personally. I have had 
churches burned in my district. I have had men and women killed for trying 
to do the right thing; yet, when I see people trying to defend that way of life which that flag represents, this is not who we are as an institution. 
Because of that, I offer the privileged 
resolution. I understand where we are with it, but I have issues with it. 
I appreciate the gentleman yielding 
the 2 minutes. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose the 
referral of this resolution to com-mittee. 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
1 minute to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. M
ILLER ), the distin-
guished chair of the Committee on House Administration. 
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I certainly thank the major-ity leader for yielding the time. 
I would just say, Mr. Speaker, to my 
colleague from Mississippi, I certainly was moved personally just listening to him speak now; and I listened to him last night when he offered his privi-leged motion. 
I would say that the Committee on 
House Administration is looking for-ward to hearing more from Representa-tive T
HOMPSON , as well as all of the 
congressional delegation from the great State of Mississippi, on this reso-lution. As well, our committee, of course, would want to have an oppor-tunity to hear from all of the elected representatives at the State level of the great State of Mississippi. 
We want to say that we sincerely ap-
preciate Representative T
HOMPSON for 
offering his privileged resolution and to assure the gentleman from Mis-sissippi, Mr. Speaker, that our com-mittee will give this measure every se-rious consideration and every thought-ful consideration. 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the mo-tion to refer. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to refer. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on the motion to refer will be followed by 5-minute votes on adop-tion of House Resolution 338 and the motion to suspend the rules on H.R. 1615. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 240, nays 184, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 385] 
YEAS—240 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta 
Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) 
Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) 
Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. 
Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo 
Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho 
Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—184 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) 
Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette 
Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.005 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4664 June 25, 2015 
Gallego 
Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal 
Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) 
Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—9 
Clarke (NY) 
Clyburn Hurt (VA) Kelly (MS) 
Napolitano Payne Peters 
Sanford Young (AK) 
b1038 
Mses. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas and D ELBENE, Messrs. HAS-
TINGS, CLAWSON of Florida, SERRANO, and JOHNSON of Georgia changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Messrs. FLORES and BURGESS 
changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the motion to refer was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I was 
not present for rollcall vote No. 385 on H. Res. 
341. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
Stated against: Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
earlier today, I was unavoidably detained in a meeting with constituents and missed re-corded vote No. 385. Had I been present, on rollcall No. 385, On the Motion to Refer the Thompson (MS) Resolution to the Committee on House Administration, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, on Thurs-
day, June 25th, 2015, I was absent during roll-call vote No. 385. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on the Motion to Refer the Thompson (MS) Resolution to the Committee on House Administration. PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO THE HOUSE AMENDMENT TO THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 1295, TRADE PREFERENCES EX-TENSION ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on adop-tion of the resolution (H. Res. 338) pro-viding for consideration of the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 1295) to extend the African Growth and Opportunity Act, the Gen-eralized System of Preferences, the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 251, nays 176, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 386] 
YEAS—251 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) 
Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline 
Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) 
Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions 
Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg 
Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—176 
Adams 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) 
Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego 
Garamendi Gohmert Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted 
Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal 
Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier 
Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—6 
Clyburn 
Kelly (MS) Napolitano 
Payne Sanford 
Young (AK) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.007 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4665 June 25, 2015 
b1046 
Mr. SIRES and Ms. JACKSON LEE 
changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. PALAZZO changed his vote from 
‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated against: Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, on Thurs-
day, June 25th, 2015, I was absent during roll-call vote No. 386. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on agreeing to the resolution, H. Res. 338, Providing for consideration of a Motion to Concur in the Senate Amendment to H.R. 1295, the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015. 
f 
HONORING TIM HARROUN 
(Mr. BOEHNER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BOEHNER. My colleagues, the 
people’s House is only as good as its people, and I would like to take a mo-ment to recognize a very well-re-spected member of our staff. 
Tim Harroun, the manager of the Re-
publican cloakroom, is retiring after 41 years of service. 
It is actually more than that when 
you factor in that Tim started here as a page on September 5, 1972, under Re-publican leader Gerald R. Ford; but his first full-time job was in the post of-fice. Then he moved to the cloakroom, 
where he has been a steady presence ever since. 
Now, you all know Tim is a good guy 
and, frankly, quite a character, and he wears the worst ties of anybody here. 
But, Tim, God has blessed you with 
great success because you are the kind of guy who works hard and gives back. So, on behalf of the whole House, I want to thank you for your long and distinguished service, and I wish you and your wife all the best. 
f 
HONORING TIM HARROUN 
(Mr. HOYER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, as some-
one who has not served here as long as Tim—but for a pretty long time—I have gotten to know him very well when I have wandered across that side of the aisle. He always receives me with a very gracious attitude and is al-ways very, very helpful. He has been a wonderful fellow worker on the floor of this House with all of us on this side of the aisle as well. 
I certainly join our Speaker in 
thanking him for the service that he has given to this House and to this country, and I wish him the very best in the future. 
f 
DHS FOIA EFFICIENCY ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. There was no objection. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1615) to direct the Chief FOIA Officer of the Department of Homeland Security to make certain improve-ments in the implementation of sec-tion 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Freedom of Information Act), and for other pur-poses, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
AR-
TER) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, as amended. 
This will be a 5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 423, nays 0, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 387] 
YEAS—423 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen 
Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) 
Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce 
Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton 
Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) 
Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder 
Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—10 
Chu, Judy Clyburn Grijalva Kelly (MS) Napolitano 
Payne Pelosi Sanford Smith (WA) 
Young (AK) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1057 
Mr. HASTINGS changed his vote 
from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.019 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4666 June 25, 2015 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, on Thurs-
day, June 25th, 2015, I was absent during roll-call vote No. 387. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 1615, the DHS FOIA Efficiency Act, as amended. 
f 
TRADE PREFERENCES EXTENSION 
ACT OF 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
pursuant to House Resolution 338, I call up the bill (H.R. 1295) to extend the African Growth and Opportunity Act, the Generalized System of Preferences, the preferential duty treatment pro-gram for Haiti, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment thereto, and ask for its im-mediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
W
OMACK ). The Clerk will designate the 
Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment. 
Senate amendment to House amend-
ment to Senate amendment: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
TITLE I—EXTENSION OF AFRICAN 
GROWTH AND OPPORTUNITY ACT 
Sec. 101. Short title. 
Sec. 102. Findings. Sec. 103. Extension of African Growth and Op-
portunity Act. 
Sec. 104. Modifications of rules of origin for 
duty-free treatment for articles of beneficiary sub-Saharan African countries under Generalized Sys-tem of Preferences. 
Sec. 105. Monitoring and review of eligibility 
under Generalized System of Pref-erences. 
Sec. 106. Promotion of the role of women in so-
cial and economic development in sub-Saharan Africa. 
Sec. 107. Biennial AGOA utilization strategies. Sec. 108. Deepening and expanding trade and 
investment ties between sub-Saha-ran Africa and the United States. 
Sec. 109. Agricultural technical assistance for 
sub-Saharan Africa. 
Sec. 110. Reports. Sec. 111. Technical amendments. Sec. 112. Definitions. 
TITLE II—EXTENSION OF GENERALIZED 
SYSTEM OF PREFERENCES 
Sec. 201. Extension of Generalized System of 
Preferences. 
Sec. 202. Authority to designate certain cotton 
articles as eligible articles only for least-developed beneficiary devel-oping countries under Generalized System of Preferences. 
Sec. 203. Application of competitive need limita-
tion and waiver under General-ized System of Preferences with respect to articles of beneficiary developing countries exported to the United States during calendar year 2014. Sec. 204. Eligibility of certain luggage and trav-
el articles for duty-free treatment under the Generalized System of Preferences. 
TITLE III—EXTENSION OF PREFERENTIAL 
DUTY TREATMENT PROGRAM FOR HAITI 
Sec. 301. Extension of preferential duty treat-
ment program for Haiti. 
TITLE IV—EXTENSION OF TRADE 
ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE 
Sec. 401. Short title. 
Sec. 402. Application of provisions relating to 
trade adjustment assistance. 
Sec. 403. Extension of trade adjustment assist-
ance program. 
Sec. 404. Performance measurement and report-
ing. 
Sec. 405. Applicability of trade adjustment as-
sistance provisions. 
Sec. 406. Sunset provisions. Sec. 407. Extension and modification of Health 
Coverage Tax Credit. 
TITLE V—IMPROVEMENTS TO ANTI-
DUMPING AND COUNTERVAILING DUTY LAWS 
Sec. 501. Short title. 
Sec. 502. Consequences of failure to cooperate 
with a request for information in a proceeding. 
Sec. 503. Definition of material injury. Sec. 504. Particular market situation. Sec. 505. Distortion of prices or costs. Sec. 506. Reduction in burden on Department of 
Commerce by reducing the number of voluntary respondents. 
Sec. 507. Application to Canada and Mexico. 
TITLE VI—TARIFF CLASSIFICATION OF 
CERTAIN ARTICLES 
Sec. 601. Tariff classification of recreational 
performance outerwear. 
Sec. 602. Duty treatment of protective active 
footwear. 
TITLE VII—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
Sec. 701. Report on contribution of trade pref-
erence programs to reducing pov-erty and eliminating hunger. 
TITLE VIII—OFFSETS 
Sec. 801. Customs user fees extension. 
Sec. 802. Additional customs user fees exten-
sion. 
Sec. 803. Time for payment of corporate esti-
mated taxes. 
Sec. 804. Payee statement required to claim cer-
tain education tax benefits. 
Sec. 805. Special rule for educational institu-
tions unable to collect TINs of in-dividuals with respect to higher education tuition and related ex-penses. 
Sec. 806. Penalty for failure to file correct infor-
mation returns and provide payee statements. 
Sec. 807. Child tax credit not refundable for 
taxpayers electing to exclude for-eign earned income from tax. 
Sec. 808. Coverage and payment for renal dialy-
sis services for individuals with acute kidney injury. 
TITLE I—EXTENSION OF AFRICAN 
GROWTH AND OPPORTUNITY ACT 
SEC. 101. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘AGOA Exten-
sion and Enhancement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 102. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: 
(1) Since its enactment, the African Growth 
and Opportunity Act has been the centerpiece of trade relations between the United States and sub-Saharan Africa and has enhanced trade, investment, job creation, and democratic institu-tions throughout Africa. 
(2) Trade and investment, as facilitated by the 
African Growth and Opportunity Act, promote economic growth, development, poverty reduc-tion, democracy, the rule of law, and stability in 
sub-Saharan Africa. 
(3) Trade between the United States and sub- 
Saharan Africa has more than tripled since the enactment of the African Growth and Oppor-tunity Act in 2000, and United States direct in-vestment in sub-Saharan Africa has grown al-most sixfold. 
(4) It is in the interest of the United States to 
engage and compete in emerging markets in sub- Saharan African countries, to boost trade and investment between the United States and sub- Saharan African countries, and to renew and strengthen the African Growth and Opportunity Act. 
(5) The long-term economic security of the 
United States is enhanced by strong economic and political ties with the fastest-growing economies in the world, many of which are in sub-Saharan Africa. 
(6) It is a goal of the United States to further 
integrate sub-Saharan African countries into the global economy, stimulate economic develop-ment in Africa, and diversify sources of growth in sub-Saharan Africa. 
(7) To that end, implementation of the Agree-
ment on Trade Facilitation of the World Trade Organization would strengthen regional inte-gration efforts in sub-Saharan Africa and con-tribute to economic growth in the region. 
(8) The elimination of barriers to trade and in-
vestment in sub-Saharan Africa, including high tariffs, forced localization requirements, restric-tions on investment, and customs barriers, will create opportunities for workers, businesses, farmers, and ranchers in the United States and sub-Saharan African countries. 
(9) The elimination of such barriers will im-
prove utilization of the African Growth and Op-portunity Act and strengthen regional and glob-al integration, accelerate economic growth in sub-Saharan Africa, and enhance the trade re-lationship between the United States and sub- Saharan Africa. 
SEC. 103. EXTENSION OF AFRICAN GROWTH AND 
OPPORTUNITY ACT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 506B of the Trade 
Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466b) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’. 
(b) A
FRICAN GROWTH AND OPPORTUNITY  
ACT.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 112(g) of the African 
Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3721(g)) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’. 
(2) E
XTENSION OF REGIONAL APPAREL ARTICLE  
PROGRAM .—Section 112(b)(3)(A) of the African 
Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3721(b)(3)(A)) is amended— 
(A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘11 succeeding’’ 
and inserting ‘‘21 succeeding’’; and 
(B) in clause (ii)(II), by striking ‘‘September 
30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’. 
(3) E
XTENSION OF THIRD -COUNTRY FABRIC PRO -
GRAM .—Section 112(c)(1) of the African Growth 
and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3721(c)(1)) is amended— 
(A) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘S
EPTEMBER 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘S EP-
TEMBER 30, 2025’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Sep-
tember 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking ‘‘Sep-
tember 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’. 
SEC. 104. MODIFICATIONS OF RULES OF ORIGIN 
FOR DUTY-FREE TREATMENT FOR ARTICLES OF BENEFICIARY SUB-SA-HARAN AFRICAN COUNTRIES UNDER GENERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREF-ERENCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 506A(b)(2) of the 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466a(b)(2)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.021 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4667 June 25, 2015 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) the direct costs of processing operations 
performed in one or more such beneficiary sub- Saharan African countries or former beneficiary sub-Saharan African countries shall be applied in determining such percentage.’’. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY TO ARTICLES RECEIVING  
DUTY-FREE TREATMENT UNDER TITLE V OF 
TRADE ACT OF 1974.—Section 506A(b) of the 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466a(b)) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) R
ULES OF ORIGIN UNDER THIS TITLE .—The 
exceptions set forth in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of paragraph (2) shall also apply to any article described in section 503(a)(1) that is the growth, product, or manufacture of a bene-ficiary sub-Saharan African country for pur-poses of any determination to provide duty-free treatment with respect to such article.’’. 
(c) M
ODIFICATIONS TO THE HARMONIZED TAR-
IFFSCHEDULE .—The President may proclaim 
such modifications as may be necessary to the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (HTS) to add the special tariff treatment symbol ‘‘D’’ in the ‘‘Special’’ subcolumn of the HTS for each article classified under a heading or subheading with the special tariff treatment symbol ‘‘A’’ or ‘‘A*’’ in the ‘‘Special’’ sub-column of the HTS. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by subsections (a) and (b) take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and apply with respect to any article described in section 503(b)(1)(B) through (G) of the Trade Act of 1974 that is the growth, product, or manufacture of a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country and that is imported into the customs territory of the United States on or after the date that is 30 days after such date of enactment. 
SEC. 105. MONITORING AND REVIEW OF ELIGI-
BILITY UNDER GENERALIZED SYS-TEM OF PREFERENCES. 
(a) C ONTINUING COMPLIANCE .—Section 
506A(a)(3) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466a(a)(3)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘If the President’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If the President’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) N
OTIFICATION .—The President may not 
terminate the designation of a country as a ben-eficiary sub-Saharan African country under subparagraph (A) unless, at least 60 days before the termination of such designation, the Presi-dent notifies Congress and notifies the country of the President’s intention to terminate such designation, together with the considerations entering into the decision to terminate such des-ignation.’’. 
(b) W
ITHDRAWAL , SUSPENSION , ORLIMITATION  
OFPREFERENTIAL TARIFF TREATMENT .—Section 
506A of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466a) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (d); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(c) W
ITHDRAWAL , SUSPENSION , ORLIMITA -
TION OF PREFERENTIAL TARIFF TREATMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The President may with-
draw, suspend, or limit the application of duty- free treatment provided for any article described in subsection (b)(1) of this section or section 112 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act with respect to a beneficiary sub-Saharan Afri-can country if the President determines that withdrawing, suspending, or limiting such duty- free treatment would be more effective in pro-moting compliance by the country with the re-quirements described in subsection (a)(1) than terminating the designation of the country as a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country for purposes of this section. 
‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATION .—The President may not 
withdraw, suspend, or limit the application of duty-free treatment under paragraph (1) unless, at least 60 days before such withdrawal, suspen-
sion, or limitation, the President notifies Con-gress and notifies the country of the President’s intention to withdraw, suspend, or limit such duty-free treatment, together with the consider-ations entering into the decision to terminate such designation.’’. 
(c) R
EVIEW AND PUBLIC COMMENTS ON ELIGI-
BILITY REQUIREMENTS .—Section 506A of the 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466a), as so amended, is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (e); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(d) R
EVIEW AND PUBLIC COMMENTS ON ELIGI-
BILITY REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out subsection 
(a)(2), the President shall publish annually in the Federal Register a notice of review and re-quest for public comments on whether bene-ficiary sub-Saharan African countries are meet-ing the eligibility requirements set forth in sec-tion 104 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act and the eligibility criteria set forth in sec-tion 502 of this Act. 
‘‘(2) P
UBLIC HEARING .—The United States 
Trade Representative shall, not later than 30 days after the date on which the President pub-lishes the notice of review and request for public comments under paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) hold a public hearing on such review 
and request for public comments; and 
‘‘(B) publish in the Federal Register, before 
such hearing is held, notice of— 
‘‘(i) the time and place of such hearing; and ‘‘(ii) the time and place at which such public 
comments will be accepted. 
‘‘(3) P
ETITION PROCESS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this sub-section, the President shall establish a process to allow any interested person, at any time, to file a petition with the Office of the United States Trade Representative with respect to the compliance of any country listed in section 107 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act with the eligibility requirements set forth in sec-tion 104 of such Act and the eligibility criteria set forth in section 502 of this Act. 
‘‘(B) U
SE OF PETITIONS .—The President shall 
take into account all petitions filed pursuant to subparagraph (A) in making determinations of compliance under subsections (a)(3)(A) and (c) and in preparing any reports required by this title as such reports apply with respect to bene-ficiary sub-Saharan African countries. 
‘‘(4) O
UT-OF-CYCLE REVIEWS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The President may, at any 
time, initiate an out-of-cycle review of whether a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country is making continual progress in meeting the re-quirements described in paragraph (1). The President shall give due consideration to peti-tions received under paragraph (3) in deter-mining whether to initiate an out-of-cycle re-view under this subparagraph. 
‘‘(B) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—Before 
initiating an out-of-cycle review under subpara-graph (A), the President shall notify and con-sult with Congress. 
‘‘(C) C
ONSEQUENCES OF REVIEW .—If, pursuant 
to an out-of-cycle review conducted under sub-paragraph (A), the President determines that a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country does not meet the requirements set forth in section 104(a) of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3703(a)), the President shall, sub-ject to the requirements of subsections (a)(3)(B) and (c)(2), terminate the designation of the country as a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country or withdraw, suspend, or limit the ap-plication of duty-free treatment with respect to articles from the country. 
‘‘(D) R
EPORTS .—After each out-of-cycle re-
view conducted under subparagraph (A) with respect to a country, the President shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House 
of Representatives a report on the review and any determination of the President to terminate the designation of the country as a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country or withdraw, sus-pend, or limit the application of duty-free treat-ment with respect to articles from the country under subparagraph (C). 
‘‘(E) I
NITIATION OF OUT -OF-CYCLE REVIEWS  
FOR CERTAIN COUNTRIES .—Recognizing that con-
cerns have been raised about the compliance with section 104(a) of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3703(a)) of some ben-eficiary sub-Saharan African countries, the President shall initiate an out-of-cycle review under subparagraph (A) with respect to South Africa, the most developed of the beneficiary sub-Saharan African countries, and other bene-ficiary countries as appropriate, not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015.’’. 
SEC. 106. PROMOTION OF THE ROLE OF WOMEN 
IN SOCIAL AND ECONOMIC DEVEL-OPMENT IN SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—Section 103 of the 
African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3702) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (9), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) promoting the role of women in social, 
political, and economic development in sub-Sa-haran Africa.’’. 
(b) E
LIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS .—Section 
104(a)(1)(A) of the African Growth and Oppor-tunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3703(a)(1)(A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘for men and women’’ after ‘‘rights’’. 
SEC. 107. BIENNIAL AGOA UTILIZATION STRATE-
GIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It is the sense of Congress 
that— 
(1) beneficiary sub-Saharan African countries 
should develop utilization strategies on a bien-nial basis in order to more effectively and strate-gically utilize benefits available under the Afri-can Growth and Opportunity Act (in this sec-tion referred to as ‘‘AGOA utilization strate-gies’’); 
(2) United States trade capacity building 
agencies should work with, and provide appro-priate resources to, such sub-Saharan African countries to assist in developing and imple-menting biennial AGOA utilization strategies; and 
(3) as appropriate, and to encourage greater 
regional integration, the United States Trade Representative should consider requesting the Regional Economic Communities to prepare bi-ennial AGOA utilization strategies. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—It is further the sense of Con-
gress that biennial AGOA utilization strategies should identify strategic needs and priorities to bolster utilization of benefits available under the African Growth and Opportunity Act. To that end, biennial AGOA utilization strategies should— 
(1) review potential exports under the African 
Growth and Opportunity Act and identify op-portunities and obstacles to increased trade and investment and enhanced poverty reduction ef-forts; 
(2) identify obstacles to regional integration 
that inhibit utilization of benefits under the Af-rican Growth and Opportunity Act; 
(3) set out a plan to take advantage of oppor-
tunities and address obstacles identified in paragraphs (1) and (2), improve awareness of the African Growth and Opportunity Act as a program that enhances exports to the United States, and utilize United States Agency for International Development regional trade hubs; 
(4) set out a strategy to promote small business 
and entrepreneurship; and 
(5) eliminate obstacles to regional trade and 
promote greater utilization of benefits under the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.012 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4668 June 25, 2015 
African Growth and Opportunity Act and estab-
lish a plan to promote full regional implementa-tion of the Agreement on Trade Facilitation of the World Trade Organization. 
(c) P
UBLICATION .—It is further the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) each beneficiary sub-Saharan African 
country should publish on an appropriate Inter-net website of such country public versions of its AGOA utilization strategy; and 
(2) the United States Trade Representative 
should publish on the Internet website of the Office of the United States Trade Representative public versions of all AGOA utilization strate-gies described in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 108. DEEPENING AND EXPANDING TRADE 
AND INVESTMENT TIES BETWEEN SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA AND THE UNITED STATES. 
It is the policy of the United States to con-
tinue to— 
(1) seek to deepen and expand trade and in-
vestment ties between sub-Saharan Africa and the United States, including through the nego-tiation of accession by sub-Saharan African countries to the World Trade Organization and the negotiation of trade and investment frame-work agreements, bilateral investment treaties, and free trade agreements, as such agreements have the potential to catalyze greater trade and investment, facilitate additional investment in sub-Saharan Africa, further poverty reduction efforts, and promote economic growth; 
(2) seek to negotiate agreements with indi-
vidual sub-Saharan African countries as well as with the Regional Economic Communities, as appropriate; 
(3) promote full implementation of commit-
ments made under the WTO Agreement (as such term is defined in section 2(9) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3501(9)) be-cause such actions are likely to improve utiliza-tion of the African Growth and Opportunity Act and promote trade and investment and because regular review to ensure continued compliance helps to maximize the benefits of the African Growth and Opportunity Act; and 
(4) promote the negotiation of trade agree-
ments that cover substantially all trade between parties to such agreements and, if other coun-tries seek to negotiate trade agreements that do not cover substantially all trade, continue to ob-ject in all appropriate forums. 
SEC. 109. AGRICULTURAL TECHNICAL ASSIST-
ANCE FOR SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA. 
Section 13 of the AGOA Acceleration Act of 
2004 (19 U.S.C. 3701 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘shall identify not fewer than 
10 eligible sub-Saharan African countries as having the greatest’’ and inserting ‘‘, through the Secretary of Agriculture, shall identify eligi-ble sub-Saharan African countries that have’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘and complying with sanitary 
and phytosanitary rules of the United States’’ and inserting ‘‘, complying with sanitary and phytosanitary rules of the United States, and developing food safety standards’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘20’’ and inserting ‘‘30’’; and (B) by inserting after ‘‘from those countries’’ 
the following: ‘‘, particularly from businesses and sectors that engage women farmers and en-trepreneurs,’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) C
OORDINATION .—The President shall take 
such measures as are necessary to ensure ade-quate coordination of similar activities of agen-cies of the United States Government relating to agricultural technical assistance for sub-Saha-ran Africa.’’. 
SEC. 110. REPORTS. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and bien-nially thereafter, the President shall submit to Congress a report on the trade and investment 
relationship between the United States and sub- Saharan African countries and on the imple-mentation of this title and the amendments made by this title. 
(2) M
ATTERS TO BE INCLUDED .—The report re-
quired by paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(A) A description of the status of trade and 
investment between the United States and sub- Saharan Africa, including information on lead-ing exports to the United States from sub-Saha-ran African countries. 
(B) Any changes in eligibility of sub-Saharan 
African countries during the period covered by the report. 
(C) A detailed analysis of whether each such 
beneficiary sub-Saharan African country is con-tinuing to meet the eligibility requirements set forth in section 104 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act and the eligibility criteria set forth in section 502 of the Trade Act of 1974. 
(D) A description of the status of regional in-
tegration efforts in sub-Saharan Africa. 
(E) A summary of United States trade capac-
ity building efforts. 
(F) Any other initiatives related to enhancing 
the trade and investment relationship between the United States and sub-Saharan African countries. 
(b) P
OTENTIAL TRADE AGREEMENTS REPORT .— 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, and every 5 years thereafter, the United States Trade Representative shall submit to Congress a report that— 
(1) identifies sub-Saharan African countries 
that have a expressed an interest in entering into a free trade agreement with the United States; 
(2) evaluates the viability and progress of 
such sub-Saharan African countries and other sub-Saharan African countries toward entering into a free trade agreement with the United States; and 
(3) describes a plan for negotiating and con-
cluding such agreements, which includes the elements described in subparagraphs (A) through (E) of section 116(b)(2) of the African Growth and Opportunity Act. 
(c) T
ERMINATION .—The reporting requirements 
of this section shall cease to have any force or effect after September 30, 2025. 
SEC. 111. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS. 
Section 104 of the African Growth and Oppor-
tunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3703), as amended by sec-tion 106, is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘(a) I
NGEN-
ERAL.—’’; and 
(2) by striking subsection (b). 
SEC. 112. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) B
ENEFICIARY SUB -SAHARAN AFRICAN COUN -
TRY.—The term ‘‘beneficiary sub-Saharan Afri-
can country’’ means a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country described in subsection (e) of section 506A of the Trade Act of 1974 (as redesig-nated by this Act). 
(2) S
UB-SAHARAN AFRICAN COUNTRY .—The term 
‘‘sub-Saharan African country’’ has the mean-ing given the term in section 107 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act. 
TITLE II—EXTENSION OF GENERALIZED 
SYSTEM OF PREFERENCES 
SEC. 201. EXTENSION OF GENERALIZED SYSTEM 
OF PREFERENCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 505 of the Trade Act 
of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2465) is amended by striking ‘‘July 31, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amendment made by 
subsection (a) shall apply to articles entered on or after the 30th day after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
(2) R
ETROACTIVE APPLICATION FOR CERTAIN  
LIQUIDATIONS AND RELIQUIDATIONS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 514 
of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1514) or any other provision of law and subject to subpara-
graph (B), any entry of a covered article to which duty-free treatment or other preferential treatment under title V of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2461 et seq.) would have applied if the entry had been made on July 31, 2013, that was made— 
(i) after July 31, 2013; and (ii) before the effective date specified in para-
graph (1), 
shall be liquidated or reliquidated as though 
such entry occurred on the effective date speci-fied in paragraph (1). 
(B) R
EQUESTS .—A liquidation or reliquidation 
may be made under subparagraph (A) with re-spect to an entry only if a request therefor is filed with U.S. Customs and Border Protection not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act that contains sufficient in-formation to enable U.S. Customs and Border Protection— 
(i) to locate the entry; or (ii) to reconstruct the entry if it cannot be lo-
cated. 
(C) P
AYMENT OF AMOUNTS OWED .—Any 
amounts owed by the United States pursuant to the liquidation or reliquidation of an entry of a covered article under subparagraph (A) shall be paid, without interest, not later than 90 days after the date of the liquidation or reliquidation (as the case may be). 
(3) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
(A) C OVERED ARTICLE .—The term ‘‘covered ar-
ticle’’ means an article from a country that is a beneficiary developing country under title V of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2461 et seq.) as of the effective date specified in paragraph (1). 
(B) E
NTER; ENTRY .—The terms ‘‘enter’’ and 
‘‘entry’’ include a withdrawal from warehouse for consumption. 
SEC. 202. AUTHORITY TO DESIGNATE CERTAIN 
COTTON ARTICLES AS ELIGIBLE AR-TICLES ONLY FOR LEAST-DEVEL-OPED BENEFICIARY DEVELOPING COUNTRIES UNDER GENERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREFERENCES. 
Section 503(b) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 
U.S.C. 2463(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(5) C
ERTAIN COTTON ARTICLES .—Notwith-
standing paragraph (3), the President may des-ignate as an eligible article or articles under subsection (a)(1)(B) only for countries des-ignated as least-developed beneficiary devel-oping countries under section 502(a)(2) cotton articles classifiable under subheading 5201.00.18, 5201.00.28, 5201.00.38, 5202.99.30, or 5203.00.30 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States.’’. 
SEC. 203. APPLICATION OF COMPETITIVE NEED 
LIMITATION AND WAIVER UNDER GENERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREF-ERENCES WITH RESPECT TO ARTI-CLES OF BENEFICIARY DEVELOPING COUNTRIES EXPORTED TO THE UNITED STATES DURING CALENDAR YEAR 2014. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of applying 
and administering subsections (c)(2) and (d) of section 503 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2463) with respect to an article described in sub-section (b) of this section, subsections (c)(2) and (d) of section 503 of such Act shall be applied and administered by substituting ‘‘October 1’’ for ‘‘July 1’’ each place such date appears. 
(b) A
RTICLE DESCRIBED .—An article described 
in this subsection is an article of a beneficiary developing country that is designated by the President as an eligible article under subsection (a) of section 503 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2463) and with respect to which a deter-mination described in subsection (c)(2)(A) of such section was made with respect to exports (directly or indirectly) to the United States of such eligible article during calendar year 2014 by the beneficiary developing country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.012 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4669 June 25, 2015 
SEC. 204. ELIGIBILITY OF CERTAIN LUGGAGE AND 
TRAVEL ARTICLES FOR DUTY-FREE TREATMENT UNDER THE GENERAL-IZED SYSTEM OF PREFERENCES. 
Section 503(b)(1) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 
U.S.C. 2463(b)(1)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘para-
graph (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (4) and (5)’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘Foot-
wear’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in paragraph (5), footwear’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) C
ERTAIN LUGGAGE AND TRAVEL ARTI -
CLES.—Notwithstanding subparagraph (A) or 
(E) of paragraph (1), the President may des-ignate the following as eligible articles under subsection (a): 
‘‘(A) Articles classifiable under subheading 
4202.11.00, 4202.12.40, 4202.21.60, 4202.21.90, 4202.22.15, 4202.22.45, 4202.31.60, 4202.32.40, 4202.32.80, 4202.92.15, 4202.92.20, 4202.92.45, or 4202.99.90 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States. 
‘‘(B) Articles classifiable under statistical re-
porting number 4202.12.2020, 4202.12.2050, 4202.12.8030, 4202.12.8070, 4202.22.8050, 4202.32.9550, 4202.32.9560, 4202.91.0030, 4202.91.0090, 4202.92.3020, 4202.92.3031, 4202.92.3091, 4202.92.9026, or 4202.92.9060 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States, as such statistical reporting numbers are in effect on the date of the enactment of the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015.’’. 
TITLE III—EXTENSION OF PREFERENTIAL 
DUTY TREATMENT PROGRAM FOR HAITI 
SEC. 301. EXTENSION OF PREFERENTIAL DUTY 
TREATMENT PROGRAM FOR HAITI. 
Section 213A of the Caribbean Basin Economic 
Recovery Act (19 U.S.C. 2703a) is amended as follows: 
(1) Subsection (b) is amended as follows: (A) Paragraph (1) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (B)(v)(I), by amending 
item (cc) to read as follows: 
‘‘(cc) 60 percent or more during the 1-year pe-
riod beginning on December 20, 2017, and each of the 7 succeeding 1-year periods.’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) in the table, by striking ‘‘succeeding 11 1- 
year periods’’ and inserting ‘‘16 succeeding 1- year periods’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘December 19, 2018’’ and in-
serting ‘‘December 19, 2025’’. 
(B) Paragraph (2) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by striking ‘‘11 
succeeding 1-year periods’’ and inserting ‘‘16 succeeding 1-year periods’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)(iii), by striking ‘‘11 
succeeding 1-year periods’’ and inserting ‘‘16 succeeding 1-year periods’’. 
(2) Subsection (h) is amended by striking 
‘‘September 30, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’. 
TITLE IV—EXTENSION OF TRADE 
ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE 
SEC. 401. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Trade Adjust-
ment Assistance Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 402. APPLICATION OF PROVISIONS RELAT-
ING TO TRADE ADJUSTMENT ASSIST-ANCE. 
(a) R EPEAL OF SNAPBACK .—Section 233 of the 
Trade Adjustment Assistance Extension Act of 2011 (Public Law 112–40; 125 Stat. 416) is re-pealed. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS .— 
Except as otherwise provided in this title, the provisions of chapters 2 through 6 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on December 31, 2013, and as amended by this title, shall— 
(1) take effect on the date of the enactment of 
this Act; and 
(2) apply to petitions for certification filed 
under chapter 2, 3, or 6 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974 on or after such date of enactment. 
(c) R
EFERENCES .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this title, whenever in this title an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an 
amendment to, or repeal of, a provision of chap-ters 2 through 6 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, the reference shall be considered to be made to a provision of any such chapter, as in effect on December 31, 2013. 
SEC. 403. EXTENSION OF TRADE ADJUSTMENT AS-
SISTANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) E XTENSION OF TERMINATION PROVISIONS .— 
Section 285 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2271 note) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2013’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2021’’. 
(b) T
RAINING FUNDS.—Section 236(a)(2)(A) of 
the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2296(a)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘shall not exceed’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘shall not exceed $450,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2021.’’. 
(c) R
EEMPLOYMENT TRADE ADJUSTMENT AS-
SISTANCE .—Section 246(b)(1) of the Trade Act of 
1974 (19 U.S.C. 2318(b)(1)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘December 31, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2021’’. 
(d) A
UTHORIZATIONS OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
(1) T RADE ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE FOR WORK -
ERS.—Section 245(a) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 
U.S.C. 2317(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2021’’. 
(2) T
RADE ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE FOR  
FIRMS .—Section 255(a) of the Trade Act of 1974 
(19 U.S.C. 2345(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘fis-cal years 2012 and 2013’’ and all that follows through ‘‘December 31, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘fis-cal years 2015 through 2021’’. 
(3) T
RADE ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE FOR FARM -
ERS.—Section 298(a) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 
U.S.C. 2401g(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2012 and 2013’’ and all that follows through ‘‘December 31, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘fis-cal years 2015 through 2021’’. 
SEC. 404. PERFORMANCE MEASUREMENT AND RE-
PORTING. 
(a) P ERFORMANCE MEASURES .—Section 239(j) 
of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2311(j)) is amended— 
(1) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘D
ATAREPORTING ’’ and inserting ‘‘P ERFORM -
ANCE MEASURES ’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘a quarterly’’ and inserting 
‘‘an annual’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘data’’ and inserting ‘‘meas-
ures’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘core’’ 
and inserting ‘‘primary’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘that 
promote efficiency and effectiveness’’ after ‘‘as-sistance program’’; 
(3) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘C
ORE INDICATORS DESCRIBED ’’ and inserting 
‘‘INDICATORS OF PERFORMANCE ’’; and 
(B) by striking subparagraph (A) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(A) P RIMARY INDICATORS OF PERFORMANCE  
DESCRIBED .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The primary indicators of 
performance referred to in paragraph (1)(A) shall consist of— 
‘‘(I) the percentage and number of workers 
who received benefits under the trade adjust-ment assistance program who are in unsub-sidized employment during the second calendar quarter after exit from the program; 
‘‘(II) the percentage and number of workers 
who received benefits under the trade adjust-ment assistance program and who are in unsub-sidized employment during the fourth calendar quarter after exit from the program; 
‘‘(III) the median earnings of workers de-
scribed in subclause (I); 
‘‘(IV) the percentage and number of workers 
who received benefits under the trade adjust-ment assistance program who, subject to clause (ii), obtain a recognized postsecondary creden-
tial or a secondary school diploma or its recog-nized equivalent, during participation in the program or within one year after exit from the program; and 
‘‘(V) the percentage and number of workers 
who received benefits under the trade adjust-ment assistance program who, during a year while receiving such benefits, are in an edu-cation or training program that leads to a recog-nized postsecondary credential or employment and who are achieving measurable gains in skills toward such a credential or employment. 
‘‘(ii) I
NDICATOR RELATING TO CREDENTIAL .— 
For purposes of clause (i)(IV), a worker who re-ceived benefits under the trade adjustment as-sistance program who obtained a secondary school diploma or its recognized equivalent shall be included in the percentage counted for pur-poses of that clause only if the worker, in addi-tion to obtaining such a diploma or its recog-nized equivalent, has obtained or retained em-ployment or is in an education or training pro-gram leading to a recognized postsecondary cre-dential within one year after exit from the pro-gram.’’; 
(4) in paragraph (3)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘
DATA ’’ and inserting ‘‘ MEASURES ’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘quarterly’’ and inserting 
‘‘annual’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘data’’ and inserting ‘‘meas-
ures’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) A
CCESSIBILITY OF STATE PERFORMANCE  
REPORTS .—The Secretary shall, on an annual 
basis, make available (including by electronic means), in an easily understandable format, the reports of cooperating States or cooperating State agencies required by paragraph (1) and the information contained in those reports.’’. 
(b) C
OLLECTION AND PUBLICATION OF DATA.— 
Section 249B of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2323) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘enrolled 
in’’ and inserting ‘‘who received’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘complete’’ and inserting 
‘‘exited’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘who were enrolled in’’ and 
inserting ‘‘, including who received’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘com-
plete’’ and inserting ‘‘exited’’; 
(iv) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘com-
plete’’ and inserting ‘‘exit’’; and 
(v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) The average cost per worker of receiving 
training approved under section 236. 
‘‘(H) The percentage of workers who received 
training approved under section 236 and ob-tained unsubsidized employment in a field re-lated to that training.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4)— (i) in subparagraphs (A) and (B), by striking 
‘‘quarterly’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘annual’’; and 
(ii) by striking subparagraph (C) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(C) The median earnings of workers de-
scribed in section 239(j)(2)(A)(i)(III) during the second calendar quarter after exit from the pro-gram, expressed as a percentage of the median earnings of such workers before the calendar quarter in which such workers began receiving benefits under this chapter.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and 
(C) as subparagraphs (C) and (D), respectively; and 
(ii) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following: 
‘‘(B) the reports required under section 
239(j);’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘a quar-
terly’’ and inserting ‘‘an annual’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.012 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4670 June 25, 2015 
(c) R ECOGNIZED POSTSECONDARY CREDENTIAL  
DEFINED .—Section 247 of the Trade Act of 1974 
(19 U.S.C. 2319) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(19) The term ‘recognized postsecondary cre-
dential’ means a credential consisting of an in-dustry-recognized certificate or certification, a certificate of completion of an apprenticeship, a license recognized by a State or the Federal Government, or an associate or baccalaureate degree.’’. 
SEC. 405. APPLICABILITY OF TRADE ADJUSTMENT 
ASSISTANCE PROVISIONS. 
(a) T RADE ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE FOR  
WORKERS .— 
(1) P ETITIONS FILED ON OR AFTER JANUARY 1 , 
2014, AND BEFORE DATE OF ENACTMENT .— 
(A) C ERTIFICATIONS OF WORKERS NOT CER -
TIFIED BEFORE DATE OF ENACTMENT .— 
(i) C RITERIA IF A DETERMINATION HAS NOT  
BEEN MADE .—If, as of the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the Secretary of Labor has not made a determination with respect to whether to cer-tify a group of workers as eligible to apply for adjustment assistance under section 222 of the Trade Act of 1974 pursuant to a petition de-scribed in clause (iii), the Secretary shall make that determination based on the requirements of section 222 of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on such date of enactment. 
(ii) R
ECONSIDERATION OF DENIALS OF CERTIFI -
CATIONS .—If, before the date of the enactment of 
this Act, the Secretary made a determination not to certify a group of workers as eligible to apply for adjustment assistance under section 222 of the Trade Act of 1974 pursuant to a peti-tion described in clause (iii), the Secretary shall— 
(I) reconsider that determination; and (II) if the group of workers meets the require-
ments of section 222 of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on such date of enactment, certify the group of workers as eligible to apply for adjust-ment assistance. 
(iii) P
ETITION DESCRIBED .—A petition de-
scribed in this clause is a petition for a certifi-cation of eligibility for a group of workers filed under section 221 of the Trade Act of 1974 on or after January 1, 2014, and before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(B) E
LIGIBILITY FOR BENEFITS .— 
(i) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause 
(ii), a worker certified as eligible to apply for adjustment assistance under section 222 of the Trade Act of 1974 pursuant to a petition de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(iii) shall be eligible, on and after the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, to receive ben-efits only under the provisions of chapter 2 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on such date of enactment. 
(ii) C
OMPUTATION OF MAXIMUM BENEFITS .— 
Benefits received by a worker described in clause (i) under chapter 2 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974 before the date of the enactment of this Act shall be included in any determination of the maximum benefits for which the worker is eligible under the provisions of chapter 2 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) P
ETITIONS FILED BEFORE JANUARY 1 , 2014.— 
A worker certified as eligible to apply for adjust-ment assistance pursuant to a petition filed under section 221 of the Trade Act of 1974 on or before December 31, 2013, shall continue to be el-igible to apply for and receive benefits under the provisions of chapter 2 of title II of such Act, as in effect on December 31, 2013. 
(3) Q
UALIFYING SEPARATIONS WITH RESPECT TO  
PETITIONS FILED WITHIN 90 DAYS OF DATE OF EN -
ACTMENT .—Section 223(b) of the Trade Act of 
1974, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, shall be applied and administered by substituting ‘‘before January 1, 2014’’ for ‘‘more than one year before the date of the petition on which such certification was granted’’ for pur-poses of determining whether a worker is eligible to apply for adjustment assistance pursuant to a petition filed under section 221 of the Trade 
Act of 1974 on or after the date of the enactment of this Act and on or before the date that is 90 days after such date of enactment. 
(b) T
RADE ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE FOR  
FIRMS.— 
(1) C ERTIFICATION OF FIRMS NOT CERTIFIED  
BEFORE DATE OF ENACTMENT .— 
(A) C RITERIA IF A DETERMINATION HAS NOT  
BEEN MADE .—If, as of the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce has not made a determination with respect to whether to certify a firm as eligible to apply for adjustment assistance under section 251 of the Trade Act of 1974 pursuant to a petition described in sub-paragraph (C), the Secretary shall make that determination based on the requirements of sec-tion 251 of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on such date of enactment. 
(B) R
ECONSIDERATION OF DENIAL OF CERTAIN  
PETITIONS .—If, before the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the Secretary made a determination not to certify a firm as eligible to apply for ad-justment assistance under section 251 of the Trade Act of 1974 pursuant to a petition de-scribed in subparagraph (C), the Secretary shall— 
(i) reconsider that determination; and (ii) if the firm meets the requirements of sec-
tion 251 of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on such date of enactment, certify the firm as eligi-ble to apply for adjustment assistance. 
(C) P
ETITION DESCRIBED .—A petition described 
in this subparagraph is a petition for a certifi-cation of eligibility filed by a firm or its rep-resentative under section 251 of the Trade Act of 1974 on or after January 1, 2014, and before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) C
ERTIFICATION OF FIRMS THAT DID NOT  
SUBMIT PETITIONS BETWEEN JANUARY 1 , 2014, AND 
DATE OF ENACTMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Commerce 
shall certify a firm described in subparagraph (B) as eligible to apply for adjustment assistance under section 251 of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, if the firm or its representative files a petition for a certification of eligibility under section 251 of the Trade Act of 1974 not later than 90 days after such date of enactment. 
(B) F
IRM DESCRIBED .—A firm described in this 
subparagraph is a firm that the Secretary deter-mines would have been certified as eligible to apply for adjustment assistance if— 
(i) the firm or its representative had filed a pe-
tition for a certification of eligibility under sec-tion 251 of the Trade Act of 1974 on a date dur-ing the period beginning on January 1, 2014, and ending on the day before the date of the en-actment of this Act; and 
(ii) the provisions of chapter 3 of title II of the 
Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on such date of enactment, had been in effect on that date dur-ing the period described in clause (i). 
SEC. 406. SUNSET PROVISIONS. 
(a) A PPLICATION OF PRIOR LAW.—Subject to 
subsection (b), beginning on July 1, 2021, the provisions of chapters 2, 3, 5, and 6 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2271 et seq.), as in effect on January 1, 2014, shall be in effect and apply, except that in applying and admin-istering such chapters— 
(1) paragraph (1) of section 231(c) of that Act 
shall be applied and administered as if subpara-graphs (A), (B), and (C) of that paragraph were not in effect; 
(2) section 233 of that Act shall be applied and 
administered— 
(A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (2), by substituting ‘‘104-week 
period’’ for ‘‘104-week period’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘130-week period)’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (3)— (I) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by substituting ‘‘65’’ for ‘‘52’’; and 
(II) by substituting ‘‘78-week period’’ for ‘‘52- 
week period’’ each place it appears; and (B) by applying and administering subsection 
(g) as if it read as follows: 
‘‘(g) P
AYMENT OF TRADE READJUSTMENT AL-
LOWANCES TOCOMPLETE TRAINING .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of this section, in order to assist an adversely affected worker to complete training approved for the worker under section 236 that leads to the completion of a degree or industry-recognized credential, pay-ments may be made as trade readjustment allow-ances for not more than 13 weeks within such period of eligibility as the Secretary may pre-scribe to account for a break in training or for justifiable cause that follows the last week for which the worker is otherwise entitled to a trade readjustment allowance under this chapter if— 
‘‘(1) payment of the trade readjustment allow-
ance for not more than 13 weeks is necessary for the worker to complete the training; 
‘‘(2) the worker participates in training in 
each such week; and 
‘‘(3) the worker— ‘‘(A) has substantially met the performance 
benchmarks established as part of the training approved for the worker; 
‘‘(B) is expected to continue to make progress 
toward the completion of the training; and 
‘‘(C) will complete the training during that 
period of eligibility.’’; 
(3) section 245(a) of that Act shall be applied 
and administered by substituting ‘‘June 30, 2022’’ for ‘‘December 31, 2007’’; 
(4) section 246(b)(1) of that Act shall be ap-
plied and administered by substituting ‘‘June 30, 2022’’ for ‘‘the date that is 5 years’’ and all that follows through ‘‘State’’; 
(5) section 256(b) of that Act shall be applied 
and administered by substituting ‘‘the 1-year period beginning on July 1, 2021’’ for ‘‘each of fiscal years 2003 through 2007, and $4,000,000 for the 3-month period beginning on October 1, 2007’’; 
(6) section 298(a) of that Act shall be applied 
and administered by substituting ‘‘the 1-year period beginning on July 1, 2021’’ for ‘‘each of the fiscal years’’ and all that follows through ‘‘October 1, 2007’’; and 
(7) section 285 of that Act shall be applied and 
administered— 
(A) in subsection (a), by substituting ‘‘June 
30, 2022’’ for ‘‘December 31, 2007’’ each place it appears; and 
(B) by applying and administering subsection 
(b) as if it read as follows: 
‘‘(b) O
THER ASSISTANCE .— 
‘‘(1) A SSISTANCE FOR FIRMS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), assistance may not be provided under chapter 3 after June 30, 2022. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding subpara-
graph (A), any assistance approved under chap-ter 3 pursuant to a petition filed under section 251 on or before June 30, 2022, may be pro-vided— 
‘‘(i) to the extent funds are available pursuant 
to such chapter for such purpose; and 
‘‘(ii) to the extent the recipient of the assist-
ance is otherwise eligible to receive such assist-ance. 
‘‘(2) F
ARMERS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), assistance may not be provided under chapter 6 after June 30, 2022. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding subpara-
graph (A), any assistance approved under chap-ter 6 on or before June 30, 2022, may be pro-vided— 
‘‘(i) to the extent funds are available pursuant 
to such chapter for such purpose; and 
‘‘(ii) to the extent the recipient of the assist-
ance is otherwise eligible to receive such assist-ance.’’. 
(b) E
XCEPTIONS .—The provisions of chapters 
2, 3, 5, and 6 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, shall continue to apply on and after July 1, 2021, with respect to— 
(1) workers certified as eligible for trade ad-
justment assistance benefits under chapter 2 of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.012 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4671 June 25, 2015 
title II of that Act pursuant to petitions filed 
under section 221 of that Act before July 1, 2021; 
(2) firms certified as eligible for technical as-
sistance or grants under chapter 3 of title II of that Act pursuant to petitions filed under sec-tion 251 of that Act before July 1, 2021; and 
(3) agricultural commodity producers certified 
as eligible for technical or financial assistance under chapter 6 of title II of that Act pursuant to petitions filed under section 292 of that Act before July 1, 2021. 
SEC. 407. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF 
HEALTH COVERAGE TAX CREDIT. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subparagraph (B) of section 
35(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘before January 1, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘before January 1, 2020’’. 
(b) C
OORDINATION WITHCREDIT FOR COV-
ERAGE UNDER A QUALIFIED HEALTH PLAN.—Sub-
section (g) of section 35 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (11) as para-
graph (13), and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (10) the fol-
lowing new paragraphs: 
‘‘(11) E
LECTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—This section shall not 
apply to any taxpayer for any eligible coverage month unless such taxpayer elects the applica-tion of this section for such month. 
‘‘(B) T
IMING AND APPLICABILITY OF ELEC -
TION.—Except as the Secretary may provide— 
‘‘(i) an election to have this section apply for 
any eligible coverage month in a taxable year shall be made not later than the due date (in-cluding extensions) for the return of tax for the taxable year, and 
‘‘(ii) any election for this section to apply for 
an eligible coverage month shall apply for all subsequent eligible coverage months in the tax-able year and, once made, shall be irrevocable with respect to such months. 
‘‘(12) C
OORDINATION WITH PREMIUM TAX CRED -
IT.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—An eligible coverage month 
to which the election under paragraph (11) ap-plies shall not be treated as a coverage month (as defined in section 36B(c)(2)) for purposes of section 36B with respect to the taxpayer. 
‘‘(B) C
OORDINATION WITH ADVANCE PAYMENTS  
OF PREMIUM TAX CREDIT .—In the case of a tax-
payer who makes the election under paragraph (11) with respect to any eligible coverage month in a taxable year or on behalf of whom any ad-vance payment is made under section 7527 with respect to any month in such taxable year— 
‘‘(i) the tax imposed by this chapter for the 
taxable year shall be increased by the excess, if any, of— 
‘‘(I) the sum of any advance payments made 
on behalf of the taxpayer under section 1412 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and section 7527 for months during such taxable year, over 
‘‘(II) the sum of the credits allowed under this 
section (determined without regard to para-graph (1)) and section 36B (determined without regard to subsection (f)(1) thereof) for such tax-able year, and 
‘‘(ii) section 36B(f)(2) shall not apply with re-
spect to such taxpayer for such taxable year, ex-cept that if such taxpayer received any advance payments under section 7527 for any month in such taxable year and is later allowed a credit under section 36B for such taxable year, then section 36B(f)(2)(B) shall be applied by sub-stituting the amount determined under clause (i) for the amount determined under section 36B(f)(2)(A).’’. 
(c) E
XTENSION OF ADVANCE PAYMENT PRO-
GRAM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 7527 
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘August 1, 2003’’ and inserting ‘‘the date that is 1 year after the date of the enact-ment of the Trade Adjustment Assistance Reau-thorization Act of 2015’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (1) 
of section 7527(e) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘occurring’’ and all that follows and 
inserting ‘‘occurring— 
‘‘(A) after the date that is 1 year after the 
date of the enactment of the Trade Adjustment Assistance Reauthorization Act of 2015, and 
‘‘(B) prior to the first month for which an ad-
vance payment is made on behalf of such indi-vidual under subsection (a).’’. 
(d) I
NDIVIDUAL INSURANCE TREATED AS QUALI-
FIED HEALTH INSURANCE WITHOUT REGARD TO  
ENROLLMENT DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subparagraph (J) of section 
35(e)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘insurance if the eligible individual’’ and all that follows through ‘‘For purposes of’’ and inserting ‘‘insurance. For pur-poses of’’. 
(2) S
PECIAL RULE .—Subparagraph (J) of sec-
tion 35(e)(1) of such Code, as amended by para-graph (1), is amended by striking ‘‘insurance.’’ and inserting ‘‘insurance (other than coverage enrolled in through an Exchange established under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act).’’. 
(e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (m) 
of section 6501 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ‘‘, 35(g)(11)’’ after ‘‘30D(e)(4)’’. 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to coverage months in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2013. 
(2) P
LANS AVAILABLE ON INDIVIDUAL MARKET  
FOR USE OF TAX CREDIT .—The amendment made 
by subsection (d)(2) shall apply to coverage months in taxable years beginning after Decem-ber 31, 2015. 
(3) T
RANSITION RULE .—Notwithstanding sec-
tion 35(g)(11)(B)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as added by this title), an election to apply section 35 of such Code to an eligible cov-erage month (as defined in section 35(b) of such Code) (and not to claim the credit under section 36B of such Code with respect to such month) in a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2013, and before the date of the enactment of this Act— 
(A) may be made at any time on or after such 
date of enactment and before the expiration of the 3-year period of limitation prescribed in sec-tion 6511(a) with respect to such taxable year; and 
(B) may be made on an amended return. (g) A
GENCY OUTREACH .—As soon as possible 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretaries of the Treasury, Health and Human Services, and Labor (or such Secretaries’ dele-gates) and the Director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (or the Director’s dele-gate) shall carry out programs of public out-reach, including on the Internet, to inform po-tential eligible individuals (as defined in section 35(c)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) of the extension of the credit under section 35 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the availability of the election to claim such credit retroactively for coverage months beginning after December 31, 2013. 
TITLE V—IMPROVEMENTS TO ANTI-
DUMPING AND COUNTERVAILING DUTY LAWS 
SEC. 501. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘American 
Trade Enforcement Effectiveness Act’’. 
SEC. 502. CONSEQUENCES OF FAILURE TO CO-
OPERATE WITH A REQUEST FOR IN-FORMATION IN A PROCEEDING. 
Section 776 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 
1677e) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through 
(4) as subparagraphs (A) through (D), respec-tively, and by moving such subparagraphs, as so redesignated, 2 ems to the right; 
(B) by striking ‘‘A
DVERSE INFERENCES .—If’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘A DVERSE INFER-
ENCES .— ‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If’’; 
(C) by striking ‘‘under this title, may use’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘under this title— 
‘‘(A) may use’’; and (D) by striking ‘‘facts otherwise available. 
Such adverse inference may include’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘facts otherwise available; and 
‘‘(B) is not required to determine, or make any 
adjustments to, a countervailable subsidy rate or weighted average dumping margin based on any assumptions about information the inter-ested party would have provided if the inter-ested party had complied with the request for information. 
‘‘(2) P
OTENTIAL SOURCES OF INFORMATION FOR  
ADVERSE INFERENCES .—An adverse inference 
under paragraph (1)(A) may include’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘C
ORROBORATION OF SEC-
ONDARY INFORMATION .—When the’’ and insert-
ing the following: ‘‘C ORROBORATION OF SEC-
ONDARY INFORMATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2), when the’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The administrative author-
ity and the Commission shall not be required to corroborate any dumping margin or counter-vailing duty applied in a separate segment of the same proceeding.’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) S
UBSIDY RATES AND DUMPING MARGINS IN  
ADVERSE INFERENCE DETERMINATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If the administering au-
thority uses an inference that is adverse to the interests of a party under subsection (b)(1)(A) in selecting among the facts otherwise available, the administering authority may— 
‘‘(A) in the case of a countervailing duty pro-
ceeding— 
‘‘(i) use a countervailable subsidy rate applied 
for the same or similar program in a counter-vailing duty proceeding involving the same country, or 
‘‘(ii) if there is no same or similar program, 
use a countervailable subsidy rate for a subsidy program from a proceeding that the admin-istering authority considers reasonable to use, and 
‘‘(B) in the case of an antidumping duty pro-
ceeding, use any dumping margin from any seg-ment of the proceeding under the applicable antidumping order. 
‘‘(2) D
ISCRETION TO APPLY HIGHEST RATE .—In 
carrying out paragraph (1), the administering authority may apply any of the countervailable subsidy rates or dumping margins specified under that paragraph, including the highest such rate or margin, based on the evaluation by the administering authority of the situation that resulted in the administering authority using an adverse inference in selecting among the facts otherwise available. 
‘‘(3) N
O OBLIGATION TO MAKE CERTAIN ESTI -
MATES OR ADDRESS CERTAIN CLAIMS .—If the ad-
ministering authority uses an adverse inference under subsection (b)(1)(A) in selecting among the facts otherwise available, the administering authority is not required, for purposes of sub-section (c) or for any other purpose— 
‘‘(A) to estimate what the countervailable sub-
sidy rate or dumping margin would have been if the interested party found to have failed to co-operate under subsection (b)(1) had cooperated, or 
‘‘(B) to demonstrate that the countervailable 
subsidy rate or dumping margin used by the ad-ministering authority reflects an alleged com-mercial reality of the interested party.’’. 
SEC. 503. DEFINITION OF MATERIAL INJURY. 
(a) E FFECT OF PROFITABILITY OF DOMESTIC  
INDUSTRIES .—Section 771(7) of the Tariff Act of 
1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677(7)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(J) E
FFECT OF PROFITABILITY .—The Commis-
sion may not determine that there is no material 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.012 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4672 June 25, 2015 
injury or threat of material injury to an indus-
try in the United States merely because that in-dustry is profitable or because the performance of that industry has recently improved.’’. 
(b) E
VALUATION OF IMPACT ON DOMESTIC IN-
DUSTRY IN DETERMINATION OF MATERIAL IN-
JURY.—Subclause (I) of section 771(7)(C)(iii) of 
the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677(7)(C)(iii)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(I) actual and potential decline in output, 
sales, market share, gross profits, operating profits, net profits, ability to service debt, pro-ductivity, return on investments, return on as-sets, and utilization of capacity,’’. 
(c) C
APTIVE PRODUCTION .—Section 
771(7)(C)(iv) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677(7)(C)(iv)) is amended— 
(1) in subclause (I), by striking the comma 
and inserting ‘‘, and’’; 
(2) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘, and’’ and 
inserting a comma; and 
(3) by striking subclause (III). 
SEC. 504. PARTICULAR MARKET SITUATION. 
(a) D EFINITION OF ORDINARY COURSE OF  
TRADE .—Section 771(15) of the Tariff Act of 1930 
(19 U.S.C. 1677(15)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(C) Situations in which the administering 
authority determines that the particular market situation prevents a proper comparison with the export price or constructed export price.’’. 
(b) D
EFINITION OF NORMAL VALUE.—Section 
773(a)(1)(B)(ii)(III) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677b(a)(1)(B)(ii)(III)) is amended by striking ‘‘in such other country.’’. 
(c) D
EFINITION OF CONSTRUCTED VALUE.—Sec-
tion 773(e) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677b(e)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘business’’ 
and inserting ‘‘trade’’; and 
(2) by striking the flush text at the end and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘For purposes of paragraph (1), if a particular 
market situation exists such that the cost of ma-terials and fabrication or other processing of any kind does not accurately reflect the cost of production in the ordinary course of trade, the administering authority may use another cal-culation methodology under this subtitle or any other calculation methodology. For purposes of paragraph (1), the cost of materials shall be de-termined without regard to any internal tax in the exporting country imposed on such materials or their disposition that is remitted or refunded upon exportation of the subject merchandise produced from such materials.’’. 
SEC. 505. DISTORTION OF PRICES OR COSTS. 
(a) I NVESTIGATION OF BELOW -COST SALES.— 
Section 773(b)(2) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677b(b)(2)) is amended by striking sub-paragraph (A) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) R
EASONABLE GROUNDS TO BELIEVE OR  
SUSPECT .— 
‘‘(i) R EVIEW .—In a review conducted under 
section 751 involving a specific exporter, there are reasonable grounds to believe or suspect that sales of the foreign like product have been made at prices that are less than the cost of produc-tion of the product if the administering author-ity disregarded some or all of the exporter’s sales pursuant to paragraph (1) in the investigation or, if a review has been completed, in the most recently completed review. 
‘‘(ii) R
EQUESTS FOR INFORMATION .—In an in-
vestigation initiated under section 732 or a re-view conducted under section 751, the admin-istering authority shall request information nec-essary to calculate the constructed value and cost of production under subsections (e) and (f) to determine whether there are reasonable grounds to believe or suspect that sales of the foreign like product have been made at prices that represent less than the cost of production of the product.’’. 
(b) P
RICES AND COSTS IN NONMARKET ECONO -
MIES.—Section 773(c) of the Tariff Act of 1930 
(19 U.S.C. 1677b(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) D
ISCRETION TO DISREGARD CERTAIN PRICE  
OR COST VALUES .—In valuing the factors of pro-
duction under paragraph (1) for the subject mer-chandise, the administering authority may dis-regard price or cost values without further in-vestigation if the administering authority has determined that broadly available export sub-sidies existed or particular instances of sub-sidization occurred with respect to those price or cost values or if those price or cost values were subject to an antidumping order.’’. 
SEC. 506. REDUCTION IN BURDEN ON DEPART-
MENT OF COMMERCE BY REDUCING THE NUMBER OF VOLUNTARY RE-SPONDENTS. 
Section 782(a) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 
U.S.C. 1677m(a)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by redesignating sub-
paragraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and by moving such clauses, as so redesignated, 2 ems to the right; 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as 
subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and by moving such subparagraphs, as so redesignated, 2 ems to the right; 
(3) by striking ‘‘I
NVESTIGATIONS AND RE-
VIEWS .—In’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘I N-
VESTIGATIONS AND REVIEWS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In’’; 
(4) in paragraph (1), as designated by para-
graph (3), by amending subparagraph (B), as re-designated by paragraph (2), to read as follows: 
‘‘(B) the number of exporters or producers 
subject to the investigation or review is not so large that any additional individual examina-tion of such exporters or producers would be un-duly burdensome to the administering authority and inhibit the timely completion of the inves-tigation or review.’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION OF UNDULY BURDEN -
SOME .—In determining if an individual exam-
ination under paragraph (1)(B) would be un-duly burdensome, the administering authority may consider the following: 
‘‘(A) The complexity of the issues or informa-
tion presented in the proceeding, including questionnaires and any responses thereto. 
‘‘(B) Any prior experience of the admin-
istering authority in the same or similar pro-ceeding. 
‘‘(C) The total number of investigations under 
subtitle A or B and reviews under section 751 being conducted by the administering authority as of the date of the determination. 
‘‘(D) Such other factors relating to the timely 
completion of each such investigation and re-view as the administering authority considers appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 507. APPLICATION TO CANADA AND MEXICO. 
Pursuant to article 1902 of the North Amer-
ican Free Trade Agreement and section 408 of the North American Free Trade Agreement Im-plementation Act (19 U.S.C. 3438), the amend-ments made by this title shall apply with respect to goods from Canada and Mexico. 
TITLE VI—TARIFF CLASSIFICATION OF 
CERTAIN ARTICLES 
SEC. 601. TARIFF CLASSIFICATION OF REC-
REATIONAL PERFORMANCE OUTER-WEAR. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO ADDITIONAL U.S. 
NOTES.—The Additional U.S. Notes to chapter 
62 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States are amended— 
(1) in Additional U.S. Note 2— (A) by striking ‘‘For the purposes of sub-
headings’’ and all that follows through ‘‘6211.20.15’’ and inserting ‘‘For purposes of this chapter’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘garments classifiable in those 
subheadings’’ and inserting ‘‘a garment’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘D 3600-81’’ and inserting ‘‘D 
3779–81’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
notes: 
‘‘(c) For purposes of this chapter, the term 
‘recreational performance outerwear’ means trousers (including, but not limited to, paddling 
pants, ski or snowboard pants, and ski or snowboard pants intended for sale as parts of ski-suits), coveralls and bib overalls, and jackets (including, but not limited to, full zip jackets, paddling jackets, ski jackets, and ski jackets in-tended for sale as parts of ski-suits), wind-breakers, and similar articles (including padded, sleeveless jackets) composed of fabrics of cotton, wool, hemp, bamboo, silk, or manmade fiber, or a combination of such fibers, that are either water resistant or treated with plastics, or both, with critically sealed seams, and with five or more of the following features: 
‘‘(1) Insulation for cold weather protection. ‘‘(2) Pockets, at least one of which has a 
zippered, hook and loop, or other type of clo-sure. 
‘‘(3) Elastic, drawcord, or other means of 
tightening around the waist or leg hems, includ-ing hidden leg sleeves with a means of tight-ening at the ankle for trousers and tightening around the waist or bottom hem for jackets. 
‘‘(4) Venting, not including grommet(s). ‘‘(5) Articulated elbows or knees. ‘‘(6) Reinforcement in one of the following 
areas: the elbows, shoulders, seat, knees, ankles, or cuffs. 
‘‘(7) Weatherproof closure at the waist or 
front. 
‘‘(8) Multi-adjustable hood or adjustable col-
lar. 
‘‘(9) Adjustable powder skirt, inner protective 
skirt, or adjustable inner protective cuff at sleeve hem. 
‘‘(10) Construction at the arm gusset that uti-
lizes fabric, design, or patterning to allow radial arm movement. 
‘‘(11) Odor control technology. 
The term ‘recreational performance outerwear’ 
does not include occupational outerwear. 
‘‘(d) For purposes of this Note, the following 
terms have the following meanings: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘treated with plastics’ refers to 
textile fabrics impregnated, coated, covered, or laminated with plastics, as described in Note 2 to chapter 59. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘sealed seams’ means seams that 
have been covered by means of taping, gluing, bonding, cementing, fusing, welding, or a simi-lar process so that water cannot pass through the seams when tested in accordance with the current version of AATCC Test Method 35. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘critically sealed seams’ means— ‘‘(A) for jackets, windbreakers, and similar ar-
ticles (including padded, sleeveless jackets), sealed seams that are sealed at the front and back yokes, or at the shoulders, arm holes, or both, where applicable; and 
‘‘(B) for trousers, overalls and bib overalls 
and similar articles, sealed seams that are sealed at the front (up to the zipper or other means of closure) and back rise. 
‘‘(4) The term ‘insulation for cold weather 
protection’ means insulation with either syn-thetic fill, down, a laminated thermal backing, or other lining for thermal protection from cold weather. 
‘‘(5) The term ‘venting’ refers to closeable or 
permanent constructed openings in a garment (excluding front, primary zipper closures and grommet(s)) to allow increased expulsion of built-up heat during outdoor activities. In a jacket, such openings are often positioned on the underarm seam of a garment but may also be placed along other seams in the front or back of a garment. In trousers, such openings are often positioned on the inner or outer leg seams of a garment but may also be placed along other seams in the front or back of a garment. 
‘‘(6) The term ‘articulated elbows or knees’ re-
fers to the construction of a sleeve (or pant leg) to allow improved mobility at the elbow (or knee) through the use of extra seams, darts, gussets, or other means. 
‘‘(7) The term ‘reinforcement’ refers to the use 
of a double layer of fabric or section(s) of fabric that is abrasion-resistant or otherwise more du-rable than the face fabric of the garment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.012 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4673 June 25, 2015 
‘‘(8) The term ‘weatherproof closure’ means a 
closure (including, but not limited to, laminated or coated zippers, storm flaps, or other weather-proof construction) that has been reinforced or engineered in a manner to reduce the penetra-tion or absorption of moisture or air through an opening in the garment. 
‘‘(9) The term ‘multi-adjustable hood or ad-
justable collar’ means, in the case of a hood, a hood into which is incorporated two or more draw cords, adjustment tabs, or elastics, or, in the case of a collar, a collar into which is incor-porated at least one draw cord, adjustment tab, elastic, or similar component, to allow volume adjustments around a helmet, or the crown of 
the head, neck, or face. 
‘‘(10) The terms ‘adjustable powder skirt’ and 
‘inner protective skirt’ refer to a partial lower inner lining with means of tightening around the waist for additional protection from the ele-ments. 
‘‘(11) The term ‘arm gusset’ means construc-
tion at the arm of a gusset that utilizes an extra fabric piece in the underarm, usually diamond- 
or triangular-shaped, designed, or patterned to allow radial arm movement. 
‘‘(12) The term ‘radial arm movement’ refers to 
unrestricted, 180-degree range of motion for the arm while wearing performance outerwear. 
‘‘(13) The term ‘odor control technology’ 
means the incorporation into a fabric or gar-
ment of materials, including, but not limited to, activated carbon, silver, copper, or any com-bination thereof, capable of adsorbing, absorb-ing, or reacting with human odors, or effective in reducing the growth of odor-causing bacteria. 
‘‘(14) The term ‘occupational outerwear’ 
means outerwear garments, including uniforms, designed or marketed for use in the workplace or at a worksite to provide durable protection from cold or inclement weather and/or work-place hazards, such as fire, electrical, abrasion, or chemical hazards, or impacts, cuts, punc-tures, or similar hazards. 
‘‘(e) Notwithstanding subdivision (b)(i) of this 
Note, for purposes of this chapter, Notes 1 and 2(a)(1) to chapter 59 and Note 1(c) to chapter 60 
shall be disregarded in classifying goods as ‘rec-reational performance outerwear’. 
‘‘(f) For purposes of this chapter, the importer 
of record shall maintain internal import records that specify upon entry whether garments claimed as recreational performance outerwear have an outer surface that is water resistant, treated with plastics, or a combination thereof, and shall further enumerate the specific fea-tures that make the garments eligible to be clas-sified as recreational performance outerwear.’’. 
(b) T
ARIFF CLASSIFICATIONS .—Chapter 62 of 
the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended as follows: 
(1) By striking subheading 6201.11.00 and in-
serting the following, with the article descrip-tion for subheading 6201.11 having the same de-gree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.11.00 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6201.11 Of wool or fine animal hair: 
6201.11.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................ 41 ¢/kg + 
16.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 
6.5% (OM) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% 
6201.11.10 Other ......................................................................................................... 41 ¢/kg + 
16.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 
6.5% (OM) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% ’’. 
(2) By striking subheadings 6201.12.10 and 
6201.12.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.12.05 having the same degree of indentation as the ar-
ticle description for subheading 6201.12.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6201.12.05 Recreational performance outerwear 9.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 60% 
Other: 
6201.12.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down.4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
6201.12.20 Other ......................................................................................................... 9.4% F ree (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(3) By striking subheadings 6201.13.10 through 
6201.13.40 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.13.05 having the same degree of indentation as the ar-
ticle description for subheading 6201.13.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6201.13.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................... 27.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.012 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4674 June 25, 2015 
6201.13.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
Other: 
6201.13.30 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair 49.7 ¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% 
6201.13.40 Other 27.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(4) By striking subheadings 6201.19.10 and 
6201.19.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.19.05 having the same degree of indentation as the ar-
ticle description for subheading 6201.19.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6201.19.05 Recreational performance outerwear ..................................................................... 2.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
Other: 
6201.19.10 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste Free 35% 
6201.19.90 Other 2.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
(5) By striking subheadings 6201.91.10 and 
6201.91.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.91.05 having the same degree of indentation as the ar-
ticle description for subheading 6201.91.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6201.91.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................... 49.7 ¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 19.8¢/kg + 
7.8% (OM) 58.5% 
Other: 
6201.91.10 Padded, sleeveless jackets 8.5% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.6% (AU) 3.4% (OM) 58.5% 
6201.91.20 Other 49.7¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 19.8¢/kg + 
7.8% (OM) 52.9 ¢/kg + 58.5% ’’. 
(6) By striking subheadings 6201.92.10 through 
6201.92.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.92.05 having the same degree of indentation as the ar-
ticle description for subheading 6201.92.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.012 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4675 June 25, 2015 
‘‘ 6201.92.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................... 9.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
6201.92.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
Other: 
6201.92.15 Water resistant 6.2% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.5% (AU) 37.5% 
6201.92.20 Other 9.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(7) By striking subheadings 6201.93.10 through 
6201.93.35 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.93.05 having the same degree of indentation as the ar-
ticle description for subheading 6201.93.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6201.93.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................... 27.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
6201.93.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
Other: 
6201.93.20 Padded, sleeveless jackets 14.9% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
Other: 
6201.93.25 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair 49.5 ¢/kg + 
19.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% 
Other: 
6201.93.30 Water resistant 7.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.012 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4676 June 25, 2015 
6201.93.35 Other 27.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(8) By striking subheadings 6201.99.10 and 
6201.99.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.99.05 having the same degree of indentation as the ar-
ticle description for subheading 6201.99.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6201.99.05 Recreational performance outerwear ..................................................................... 4.2% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.7% (AU) 35% 
Other: 
6201.99.10 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste Free 35% 
6201.99.90 Other 4.2% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.7% (AU) 35% ’’. 
(9) By striking subheading 6202.11.00 and in-
serting the following, with the article descrip-tion for subheading 6202.11 having the same de-
gree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.11.00 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6202.11 Of wool or fine animal hair: 
6202.11.05 Recreational performance outerwear 41 ¢/kg + 
16.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 
6.5% (OM) 46.3¢/kg + 58.5% 
6202.11.10 Other 41¢/kg + 
16.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 
6.5% (OM) 46.3 ¢/kg + 58.5% ’’. 
(10) By striking subheadings 6202.12.10 and 
6202.12.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.12.05 having the same degree of indentation as the ar-
ticle description for subheading 6202.12.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6202.12.05 Recreational performance outerwear ..................................................................... 8.9% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
6202.12.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of 
which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
6202.12.20 Other 8.9% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(11) By striking subheadings 6202.13.10 
through 6202.13.40 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.13.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6202.13.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.012 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4677 June 25, 2015 
‘‘ 6202.13.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................... 27.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
6202.13.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
Other: 
6202.13.30 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair 43.5 ¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 46.3¢/kg + 58.5% 
6202.13.40 Other 27.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(12) By striking subheadings 6202.19.10 and 
6202.19.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.19.05 having the same degree of indentation as the ar-
ticle description for subheading 6202.19.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6202.19.05 Recreational performance outerwear ..................................................................... 2.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
Other: 
6202.19.10 Containing 70 percent or more by weight or silk or silk waste Free 35% 
6202.19.90 Other 2.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
(13) By striking subheadings 6202.91.10 and 
6202.91.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.91.05 having the same degree of indentation as the ar-
ticle description for subheading 6202.91.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6202.91.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................... 36 ¢/kg + 
16.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 14.4¢/kg + 
6.5% (OM) 58.5% 
Other: 
6202.91.10 Padded, sleeveless jackets 14% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 5.6% (OM) 58.5% 
6202.91.20 Other 36¢/kg + 
16.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 14.4¢/kg + 
6.5% (OM) 46.3 ¢/kg + 58.5% ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.012 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4678 June 25, 2015 
(14) By striking subheadings 6202.92.10 
through 6202.92.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.92.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6202.92.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6202.92.05 Recreational performance outerwear 8.9% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
6202.92.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of 
which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
Other: 
6202.92.15 Water resistant 6.2% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.5% (AU) 37.5% 
6202.92.20 Other 8.9% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(15) By striking subheadings 6202.93.10 
through 6202.93.50 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.93.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6202.93.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6202.93.05 Recreational performance outerwear 27.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
6202.93.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
Other: 
6202.93.20 Padded, sleeveless jackets 14.9% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
Other: 
6202.93.40 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair 43.4 ¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 46.3¢/kg + 58.5% 
Other: 
6202.93.45 Water resistant 7.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.012 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4679 June 25, 2015 
6202.93.50 Other 27.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(16) By striking subheadings 6202.99.10 and 
6202.99.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.99.05 having the same degree of indentation as the ar-
ticle description for subheading 6202.99.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6202.99.05 Recreational performance outerwear 2.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
Other: 
6202.99.10 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste Free 35% 
6202.99.90 Other 2.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
(17) By striking subheadings 6203.41 and 
6203.41.05, and the superior text to subheading 6203.41.05, and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6203.41 having 
the same degree of indentation as the article de-scription for subheading 6203.41 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this 
Act): 
‘‘ 6203.41 Of wool or fine animal hair: 
6203.41.05 Recreational performance outerwear 41.9 ¢/kg + 
16.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.7¢/kg + 
6.5% (OM) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% 
Trousers, breeches and shorts: 
6203.41.10 Trousers and breeches, containing elastomeric fiber, water resistant, with-
out belt loops, weighing more than 9 kg per dozen 7.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.8% (AU) 3% (OM) 52.9 ¢/kg + 58.5% ’’. 
(18) By striking subheadings 6203.42.10 
through 6203.42.40 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6203.42.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6203.42.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.012 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4680 June 25, 2015 
‘‘ 6203.42.05 Recreational performance outerwear 16.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% 
Other: 
6203.42.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of 
which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down Free 60% 
Other: 
6203.42.20 Bib and brace overalls 10.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6203.42.40 Other 16.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% ’’. 
(19) By striking subheadings 6203.43.10 
through 6203.43.40 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6203.43.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6203.43.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6203.43.05 Recreational performance outerwear 27.9% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.1% (KR) 90% 
Other: 
6203.43.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down Free 60% 
Other: 
Bib and brace overalls: 
6203.43.15 Water resistant 7.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
6203.43.20 Other 14.9% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
Other: 
6203.43.25 Certified hand-loomed and folklore products 12.2% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
Other: 
6203.43.30 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair 49.6 ¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% 
Other: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.012 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4681 June 25, 2015 
6203.43.35 Water resistant trousers or breeches 7.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 2.8% (KR) 65% 
6203.43.40 Other 27.9% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.1% (KR) 90% ’’. 
(20) By striking subheadings 6203.49 through 
6203.49.80 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6203.49 having the same degree of indentation as the article de-
scription for subheading 6203.49 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this 
Act): 
‘‘ 6203.49 Of other textile materials: 
6203.49.05 Recreational performance outerwear 2.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 1.1% (KR) 35% 
Other: 
Of artificial fibers: 
6203.49.10 Bib and brace overalls 8.5% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.6% (AU) 76% 
Trousers, breeches and shorts: 
6203.49.15 Certified hand-loomed and folklore products 12.2% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
6203.49.20 Other 27.9% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6203.49.40 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste Free 35% 
6203.49.80 Other 2.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 1.1% (KR) 35% ’’. 
(21) By striking subheadings 6204.61.10 and 
6204.61.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6204.61.05 having the same degree of indentation as the ar-
ticle description for subheading 6204.61.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.012 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4682 June 25, 2015 
‘‘ 6204.61.05 Recreational performance outerwear 13.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.4% (OM) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
Other: 
6204.61.10 Trousers and breeches, containing elastomeric fiber, water resistant, without belt 
loops, weighing more than 6 kg per dozen 7.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 3% (OM) 6.8% (AU) 58.5% 
6204.61.90 Other 13.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.4% (OM) 8% (AU) 58.5% ’’. 
(22) By striking subheadings 6204.62.10 
through 6204.62.40 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6204.62.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6204.62.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6204.62.05 Recreational performance outerwear 16.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% 
Other: 
6204.62.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of 
which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down Free 60% 
Other: 
6204.62.20 Bib and brace overalls 8.9% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
6204.62.30 Certified hand-loomed and folklore products 7.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 37.5% 
6204.62.40 Other 16.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% ’’. 
(23) By striking subheadings 6204.63.10 
through 6204.63.35 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6204.63.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6204.63.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.012 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4683 June 25, 2015 
‘‘ 6204.63.05 Recreational performance outerwear 28.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.4% (KR) 90% 
Other: 
6204.63.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of 
which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down Free 60% 
Other: 
Bib and brace overalls: 
6204.63.12 Water resistant 7.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
6204.63.15 Other 14.9% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
6204.63.20 Certified hand-loomed and folklore products 11.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
Other: 
6204.63.25 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair 13.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
Other: 
6204.63.30 Water resistant trousers or breeches 7.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
6204.63.35 Other 28.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.4% (KR) 90% ’’. 
(24) By striking subheadings 6204.69 through 
6204.69.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6204.69 having the same degree of indentation as the article de-
scription for subheading 6204.69 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this 
Act): 
‘‘ 6204.69 Of other textile materials: 
6204.69.05 Recreational performance outerwear 2.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
Other: 
Of artificial fibers: 
6204.69.10 Bib and brace overalls 13.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.012 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4684 June 25, 2015 
Trousers, breeches and shorts: 
6204.69.20 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair 13.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
6204.69.25 Other 28.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Of silk or silk waste: 
6204.69.40 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste 1.1% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E, IL, J, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 65% 
6204.69.60 Other 7.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
6204.69.90 Other 2.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
(25) By striking subheadings 6210.40.30 and 
6210.40.50 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6210.40.05 having the same degree of indentation as the ar-
ticle description for subheading 6210.40.30 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6210.40.05 Recreational performance outerwear 7.1% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
Other: 
6210.40.30 Having an outer surface impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with rubber 
or plastics material which completely obscures the underlying fabric 3.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
6210.40.50 Other 7.1% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% ’’. 
(26) By striking subheadings 6210.50.30 and 
6210.50.50 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6210.50.05 having the same degree of indentation as the ar-
ticle description for subheading 6210.50.30 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.012 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4685 June 25, 2015 
‘‘ 6210.50.05 Recreational performance outerwear 7.1% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
Other: 
6210.50.30 Having an outer surface impreg- nated, coated, covered or laminated with rubber 
or plastics material which completely obscures the underlying fabric 3.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
6210.50.50 Other 7.1% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% ’’. 
(27) By striking subheading 6211.32.00 and in-
serting the following, with the article descrip-tion for subheading 6211.32 having the same de-
gree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.32.00 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6211.32 Of cotton: 
6211.32.05 Recreational performance outerwear 8.1% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% 
6211.32.10 Other 8.1% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% ’’. 
(28) By striking subheading 6211.33.00 and in-
serting the following, with the article descrip-tion for subheading 6211.33 having the same de-
gree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.33.00 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6211.33 Of man-made fibers: 
6211.33.05 Recreational performance outerwear 16% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.4% (OM) 76% 
6211.33.10 Other 16% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.4% (OM) 76% ’’. 
(29) By striking subheadings 6211.39.05 
through 6211.39.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6211.39.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6211.39.05 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.012 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4686 June 25, 2015 
‘‘ 6211.39.05 Recreational performance outerwear 2.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
Other: 
6211.39.10 Of wool or fine animal hair 12% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 4.8% (OM) 58.5% 
6211.39.20 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste 0.5% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
6211.39.90 Other 2.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
(30) By striking subheading 6211.42.00 and in-
serting the following, with the article descrip-tion for subheading 6211.42 having the same de-
gree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.42.00 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6211.42 Of cotton: 
6211.42.05 Recreational performance outerwear 8.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.2% (AU) 90% 
6211.42.10 Other 8.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.2% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(31) By striking subheading 6211.43.00 and in-
serting the following, with the article descrip-tion for subheading 6211.43 having the same de-
gree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.43.00 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6211.43 Of man-made fibers: 
6211.43.05 Recreational performance outerwear 16% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 6.4% (OM) 90% 
6211.43.10 Other 16% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 6.4% (OM) 90% ’’. 
(32) By striking subheadings 6211.49.10 
through 6211.49.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6211.49.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6211.49.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.012 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4687 June 25, 2015 
‘‘ 6211.49.05 Recreational performance outerwear 7.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.5% (AU) 2.9% (KR) 35% 
Other: 
6211.49.10 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste 1.2% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
6211.49.41 Of wool or fine animal hair 12% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 4.8% (OM) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
6211.49.90 Other 7.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.5% (AU) 2.9% (KR) 35% ’’. 
(c) E FFECTIVE DATE.—This section and the 
amendments made by this section shall— 
(1) take effect on the 180th day after the date 
of the enactment of this Act; and 
(2) apply to articles entered, or withdrawn 
from warehouse for consumption, on or after such 180th day. 
SEC. 602. DUTY TREATMENT OF PROTECTIVE AC-
TIVE FOOTWEAR. 
(a) D EFINITION OF PROTECTIVE ACTIVE FOOT-
WEAR .—The Additional U.S. Notes to chapter 64 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United 
States are amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f) For the purposes of subheadings 
6402.91.42 and 6402.99.32, the term ‘protective ac-tive footwear’ means footwear (other than foot-wear described in Subheading Note 1) that is de-signed for outdoor activities, such as hiking shoes, trekking shoes, running shoes, and trail running shoes, the foregoing valued over $24/ pair and which provides protection against water that is imparted by the use of a coated or 
laminated textile fabric.’’. 
(b) D
UTYTREATMENT FOR PROTECTIVE ACTIVE  
FOOTWEAR .—Chapter 64 of the Harmonized Tar-
iff Schedule of the United States is amended as follows: 
(1) By inserting after subheading 6402.91.40 
the following new subheading, with the article description for subheading 6402.91.42 having the same degree of indentation as the article de-scription for subheading 6402.91.40: 
‘‘ 6402.91.42 Protective active footwear (except footwear with waterproof molded bottoms, in-
cluding bottoms comprising an outer sole and all or part of the upper and except footwear with insulation that provides protection against cold weather), whose height from the bottom of the outer sole to the top of the upper does not exceed 15.34 cm 20% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, D, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, R, SG) 35% ’’. 
(2) By inserting immediately preceding sub-
heading 6402.99.33 the following new sub-heading, with the article description for sub-
heading 6402.99.32 having the same degree of in-dentation as the article description for sub-
heading 6402.99.33: 
‘‘ 6402.99.32 Protective active footwear ..................................................................................... 20 % Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, D, IL, JO, MA, MX, P) 1% (PA) 6% (OM) 6% (PE) 12% (CO) 20% (KR) 35% ’’. 
(c) S TAGED RATEREDUCTIONS .—The staged re-
ductions in special rates of duty proclaimed for subheading 6402.99.90 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States before the date of the enactment of this Act shall be applied to subheading 6402.99.32 of such Schedule, as added by subsection (b)(2), beginning in cal-endar year 2016. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section and the 
amendments made by this section shall— 
(1) take effect on the 15th day after the date 
of the enactment of this Act; and 
(2) apply to articles entered, or withdrawn 
from warehouse for consumption, on or after such 15th day. TITLE VII—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 701. REPORT ON CONTRIBUTION OF TRADE 
PREFERENCE PROGRAMS TO REDUC-ING POVERTY AND ELIMINATING HUNGER. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the en-
actment of this Act, the President shall submit to Congress a report assessing the contribution of the trade preference programs of the United States, including the Generalized System of Preferences under title V of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2461 et seq.), the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.), and the Caribbean Basin Economic Recovery Act (19 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.), to the reduction of poverty and the elimination of hunger. TITLE VIII—OFFSETS 
SEC. 801. CUSTOMS USER FEES EXTENSION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 13031(j)(3)(A) of the 
Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(j)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘July 7, 2025’’. 
(b) R
ATE FOR MERCHANDISE PROCESSING  
FEES.—Section 503 of the United States–Korea 
Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 112–41; 125 Stat. 460) is amended by striking ‘‘June 30, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2025’’. 
SEC. 802. ADDITIONAL CUSTOMS USER FEES EX-
TENSION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 13031(j)(3) of the 
Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(j)(3)) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.012 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4688 June 25, 2015 
(1) in subparagraph (B)(i), by striking ‘‘Sep-
tember 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) Fees may be charged under paragraphs 
(9) and (10) of subsection (a) during the period beginning on July 29, 2025, and ending on Sep-tember 30, 2025.’’. 
(b) R
ATE FOR MERCHANDISE PROCESSING  
FEES.—Section 503 of the United States–Korea 
Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 112–41; 125 Stat. 460) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) F
URTHER ADDITIONAL PERIOD .—For the 
period beginning on July 15, 2025, and ending on September 30, 2025, section 13031(a)(9) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(a)(9)) shall be applied and administered— 
‘‘(1) in subparagraph (A), by substituting 
‘0.3464’ for ‘0.21’; and 
‘‘(2) in subparagraph (B)(i), by substituting 
‘0.3464’ for ‘0.21’.’’. 
SEC. 803. TIME FOR PAYMENT OF CORPORATE ES-
TIMATED TAXES. 
Notwithstanding section 6655 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, in the case of a corpora-tion with assets of not less than $1,000,000,000 (determined as of the end of the preceding tax-able year)— 
(1) the amount of any required installment of 
corporate estimated tax which is otherwise due in July, August, or September of 2020 shall be increased by 8 percent of such amount (deter-mined without regard to any increase in such amount not contained in such Code); and 
(2) the amount of the next required install-
ment after an installment referred to in para-graph (1) shall be appropriately reduced to re-flect the amount of the increase by reason of such paragraph. 
SEC. 804. PAYEE STATEMENT REQUIRED TO 
CLAIM CERTAIN EDUCATION TAX BENEFITS. 
(a) A MERICAN OPPORTUNITY CREDIT , HOPE 
SCHOLARSHIP CREDIT , AND LIFETIME LEARNING  
CREDIT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 25A(g) of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(8) P
AYEE STATEMENT REQUIREMENT .—Except 
as otherwise provided by the Secretary, no cred-it shall be allowed under this section unless the taxpayer receives a statement furnished under section 6050S(d) which contains all of the infor-mation required by paragraph (2) thereof.’’. 
(2) S
TATEMENT RECEIVED BY DEPENDENT .—Sec-
tion 25A(g)(3) of such Code is amended by strik-ing ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (A), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (B) and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(C) a statement described in paragraph (8) 
and received by such individual shall be treated as received by the taxpayer.’’. 
(b) D
EDUCTION FOR QUALIFIED TUITION AND  
RELATED EXPENSES .—Section 222(d) of such 
Code is amended by redesignating paragraph (6) as paragraph (7), and by inserting after para-graph (5) the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(6) P
AYEE STATEMENT REQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided by the Secretary, no deduction shall be al-lowed under subsection (a) unless the taxpayer receives a statement furnished under section 6050S(d) which contains all of the information required by paragraph (2) thereof. 
‘‘(B) S
TATEMENT RECEIVED BY DEPENDENT .— 
The receipt of the statement referred to in sub-paragraph (A) by an individual described in subsection (c)(3) shall be treated for purposes of subparagraph (A) as received by the taxpayer.’’. 
(c) I
NFORMATION REQUIRED TOBEPROVIDED  
ONPAYEE STATEMENT .—Section 6050S(d)(2) of 
such Code is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) the information required by subsection 
(b)(2).’’. 
(d) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after the date of the enactment of this 
Act. 
SEC. 805. SPECIAL RULE FOR EDUCATIONAL IN-
STITUTIONS UNABLE TO COLLECT TINS OF INDIVIDUALS WITH RE-SPECT TO HIGHER EDUCATION TUI-TION AND RELATED EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6724 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULE FOR RETURNS OF EDU-
CATIONAL INSTITUTIONS RELATED TO HIGHER  
EDUCATION TUITION AND RELATED EXPENSES .— 
No penalty shall be imposed under section 6721 or 6722 solely by reason of failing to provide the TIN of an individual on a return or statement required by section 6050S(a)(1) if the eligible educational institution required to make such return contemporaneously makes a true and ac-curate certification under penalty of perjury (and in such form and manner as may be pre-scribed by the Secretary) that it has complied with standards promulgated by the Secretary for obtaining such individual’s TIN.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section shall apply to returns required to be made, and statements required to be fur-nished, after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 806. PENALTY FOR FAILURE TO FILE COR-
RECT INFORMATION RETURNS AND PROVIDE PAYEE STATEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6721(a)(1) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘$100’’ and inserting ‘‘$250’’; 
and 
(2) by striking ‘‘$1,500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$3,000,000’’. 
(b) R EDUCTION WHERE CORRECTION IN SPECI-
FIED PERIOD .— 
(1) C ORRECTION WITHIN 30 DAYS .—Section 
6721(b)(1) of such Code is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘$30’’ and inserting ‘‘$50’’; (B) by striking ‘‘$100’’ and inserting ‘‘$250’’; 
and 
(C) by striking ‘‘$250,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$500,000’’. 
(2) F
AILURES CORRECTED ON OR BEFORE AU -
GUST 1 .—Section 6721(b)(2) of such Code is 
amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘$60’’ and inserting ‘‘$100’’; (B) by striking ‘‘$100’’ (prior to amendment by 
subparagraph (A)) and inserting ‘‘$250’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$1,500,000’’. 
(c) L
OWER LIMITATION FOR PERSONS WITH 
GROSS RECEIPTS OF NOT MORE THAN 
$5,000,000.—Section 6721(d)(1) of such Code is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$1,000,000’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘$1,500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$3,000,000’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) by striking ‘‘$75,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$175,000’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘$250,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$500,000’’; and 
(3) in subparagraph (C)— (A) by striking ‘‘$200,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$500,000’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ (prior to amend-
ment by subparagraph (A)) and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’. 
(d) P
ENALTY IN CASE OF INTENTIONAL DIS-
REGARD .—Section 6721(e) of such Code is amend-
ed— 
(1) by striking ‘‘$250’’ in paragraph (2) and 
inserting ‘‘$500’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘$1,500,000’’ in paragraph 
(3)(A) and inserting ‘‘$3,000,000’’. 
(e) F AILURE TOFURNISH CORRECT PAYEE 
STATEMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 6722(a)(1) of such 
Code is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘$100’’ and inserting ‘‘$250’’; 
and 
(B) by striking ‘‘$1,500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$3,000,000’’. (2) R EDUCTION WHERE CORRECTION IN SPECI -
FIED PERIOD .— 
(A) C ORRECTION WITHIN 30 DAYS .—Section 
6722(b)(1) of such Code is amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘$30’’ and inserting ‘‘$50’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘$100’’ and inserting ‘‘$250’’; 
and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘$250,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$500,000’’. 
(B) F
AILURES CORRECTED ON OR BEFORE AU -
GUST 1 .—Section 6722(b)(2) of such Code is 
amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘$60’’ and inserting ‘‘$100’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘$100’’ (prior to amendment by 
clause (i)) and inserting ‘‘$250’’; and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$1,500,000’’. 
(3) L
OWER LIMITATION FOR PERSONS WITH  
GROSS RECEIPTS OF NOT MORE THAN $5 ,000,000.— 
Section 6722(d)(1) of such Code is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$1,000,000’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘$1,500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$3,000,000’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘$75,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$175,000’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘$250,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$500,000’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (C)— (i) by striking ‘‘$200,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$500,000’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ (prior to amendment 
by subparagraph (A)) and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’. 
(4) P
ENALTY IN CASE OF INTENTIONAL DIS -
REGARD .—Section 6722(e) of such Code is amend-
ed— 
(A) by striking ‘‘$250’’ in paragraph (2) and 
inserting ‘‘$500’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘$1,500,000’’ in paragraph 
(3)(A) and inserting ‘‘$3,000,000’’. 
(f) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section shall apply with respect to re-turns and statements required to be filed after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 807. CHILD TAX CREDIT NOT REFUNDABLE 
FOR TAXPAYERS ELECTING TO EX-CLUDE FOREIGN EARNED INCOME FROM TAX. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 24(d) of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(5) E
XCEPTION FOR TAXPAYERS EXCLUDING  
FOREIGN EARNED INCOME .—Paragraph (1) shall 
not apply to any taxpayer for any taxable year if such taxpayer elects to exclude any amount from gross income under section 911 for such taxable year.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made 
by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2014. 
SEC. 808. COVERAGE AND PAYMENT FOR RENAL 
DIALYSIS SERVICES FOR INDIVID-UALS WITH ACUTE KIDNEY INJURY. 
(a) C OVERAGE .—Section 1861(s)(2)(F) of the 
Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(s)(2)(F)) is amended by inserting before the semicolon the following: ‘‘, including such renal dialysis serv-ices furnished on or after January 1, 2017, by a renal dialysis facility or provider of services paid under section 1881(b)(14) to an individual with acute kidney injury (as defined in section 1834(r)(2))’’. 
(b) P
AYMENT .—Section 1834 of the Social Secu-
rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(r) P
AYMENT FOR RENAL DIALYSIS SERVICES  
FORINDIVIDUALS WITHACUTE KIDNEY INJURY .— 
‘‘(1) P AYMENT RATE .—In the case of renal di-
alysis services (as defined in subparagraph (B) of section 1881(b)(14)) furnished under this part by a renal dialysis facility or provider of serv-ices paid under such section during a year (be-ginning with 2017) to an individual with acute kidney injury (as defined in paragraph (2)), the amount of payment under this part for such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.012 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4689 June 25, 2015 
services shall be the base rate for renal dialysis 
services determined for such year under such section, as adjusted by any applicable geo-graphic adjustment factor applied under sub-paragraph (D)(iv)(II) of such section and may be adjusted by the Secretary (on a budget neu-tral basis for payments under this paragraph) by any other adjustment factor under subpara-graph (D) of such section. 
‘‘(2) I
NDIVIDUAL WITH ACUTE KIDNEY INJURY  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘indi-
vidual with acute kidney injury’ means an indi-vidual who has acute loss of renal function and does not receive renal dialysis services for which payment is made under section 1881(b)(14).’’. 
MOTION TO CONCUR  
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I have a motion at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Ryan of Wisconsin moves that the 
House concur in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amend-ment to H.R. 1295. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 338, the mo-tion shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. 
The gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. 
R
YAN) and the gentleman from Michi-
gan (Mr. L EVIN) each will control 30 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
b1100 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material to H.R. 1295, the Trade Preferences Ex-tension Act of 2015, as amended, cur-rently under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Washington (Mr. R
EICHERT ), a senior member of the 
Committee on Ways and Means, the chairman of the Subcommittee on Se-lect Revenue Measures, who is the au-thor of the Trade Adjustment Assist-ance bill. 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding and thank him for his leadership on this series of trade bills that we have been consid-ering for the last few weeks. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of the preferences bill before us. This bipartisan legislation renews both the Generalized System of Preferences and the African Growth and Opportunity Act. GSP is an important program, both to Washington State businesses and promoting economic development across the globe. 
Similarly, the renewal of AGOA is 
critical to further strengthening our ties with Africa. The strong bipartisan vote this legislation received weeks ago made clear there is strong support 
for these programs in Congress and among the American people. 
Also included in this legislation is a 
renewal of Trade Adjustment Assist-ance, and I am proud, as Mr. R
YANsaid, 
to sponsor the House legislation to renew TAA because there is a need for this program. I believe increased trade is good for all Americans. It creates jobs and it makes America stronger. But I also understand that as we create jobs and trade, and our jobs change over the next few years, along the way some workers may need extra assist-ance and additional training. That is why TAA is so important. 
Now, we have made great strides this 
past week by sending TPA to the Presi-dent’s desk; and I am also proud that TPA was attached to another bill, which happened to be a labor bill, TSP, which created a fair application of re-tirement benefits for Federal public safety officers. Now, Mr. Speaker, we must move forward, pass TAA and AGOA today, General System of Pref-erences. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, the debate these last 
weeks and months has been about how do we get a strong and effective trade policy and trade agreement. That de-bate only intensifies now. Supporters of trade promotion authority, TPA, thought vague negotiating objectives and a passive role for Congress in the process were the way to go, in part be-cause many on the majority side feel that more trade is essentially better, no matter its terms or conditions. 
The opponents of TPA wanted to en-
sure that TPP negotiations were on the right track, with no blank check to USTR, when there are so many out-standing areas where we are not satis-fied with the status of negotiations or where we are uncertain of their out-come. Now we can focus like a laser beam on those issues. The argument about the process of TPA is now behind us and the challenge of the substance of TPP smack in front of us. 
Automatic embrace of centuries-old 
doctrines does not meet the challenges of intensifying globalization, so we will continue to shine a bright light on the critical issues, like market access, state-owned enterprises, intellectual property and access to medicines, worker rights, environment, currency manipulation, and investment provi-sions that could put at risk domestic regulations. Our calls for improve-ments to the negotiations will only grow louder. 
In order for TPP to gain the support 
of the American people, it will need to gain the votes of a much broader coali-tion of Members of Congress than voted for TPA. The issue is not protrade versus antitrade, but whether we shape trade agreements to spread the benefits broadly, including the middle class of Americans. 
Take, for example, the two trade bills 
before us today: the African Growth and Opportunity Act and our trade 
preferences programs. House Demo-crats have been key architects of these programs. For example, in the 1990s, our colleagues C
HARLIE RANGEL and 
JIMMCDERMOTT , working with Phil 
Crane, laid the foundation for the Afri-can Growth and Opportunity Act of 2000. 
These programs are designed to help 
shape trade, to ensure that its benefits are more broadly based. We can see that in AGOA, stronger labor and other eligibility criteria and the inclusion of textile and apparel products can give us additional leverage to help raise liv-ing standards. 
The same is doubly true with the 
Haiti program. While there is much work to be done in Haiti, one critical element of our program, inspections of factories by the independent group Bet-ter Work, is resulting in improved com-pliance with Haitian labor laws and better conditions for workers there. 
Finally, this bill includes a reauthor-
ization of Trade Adjustment Assist-ance. I am an ardent supporter of TAA and introduced a bill earlier this year with A
DAM SMITH to reauthorize it. I 
support H.R. 1295. To be sure, this TAA is not perfect. It falls short of the high water mark we established for the pro-gram in 2009. 
At a time when trade is expanding 
and is expected to expand even further with new trade agreements, we should be ensuring adequate funding for work-ers who lose their jobs as a result of trade and are transitioning to new jobs, not cutting the program. But we need to restore the program also for service workers and for trade with all countries, improvements that were wrongly allowed to lapse at the end of 2013, and we need to extend the entire program for the future. 
TPA, TPP, TAA, it might seem like a 
word scramble, but going forward, TPP, to the American people, will be about jobs and wages. They expect us to work hard to get it right as it is being negotiated, not simply leaving their elected officials with a ‘‘yes’’ or a ‘‘no’’ vote after TPP is done. We have a lot of work to do, and there is no ducking these issues now. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, people on both sides of 
the aisle have been working for years to promote American trade. We took big steps when we passed TPA last week and sent it to the President yes-terday. Passing TPA, I believe, is an achievement that this Congress should be very proud of. It is going to em-power Congress in trade negotiations. It will help America get the best pos-sible trade agreements for American workers, and it will tell the world that the America that they knew and the America that they know is an America that is still willing to lead. 
I especially want to thank my col-
leagues in the House, like Congressman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.012 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4690 June 25, 2015 
RONKINDand Congressman E ARLBLU-
MENAUER , for their leadership on this 
issue. I also want to thank our friends in the Senate, like Senators H
ATCH and 
WYDEN . But to pass TPA, we needed a 
little bit of trust. We promised our Democratic friends, if they stay with us on TPA, that we will follow through with this bill that is before us today, and so we are here today to keep our word. 
There are three parts to this bill, all 
three of which have bipartisan support. First, we reauthorize the Trade Adjust-ment Assistance Act, which is in keep-ing with the agreements that we have made. This program helps workers whose jobs have moved elsewhere to find new opportunities through job training. Traditionally, we have always authorized TPA and TAA, and that is what we are doing here. We have al-ways authorized them together, and that is effectively what we are doing here. We have made some improve-ments to the program. 
Second, we reauthorize a number of 
trade preferences for developing coun-tries. This bill reauthorizes a number of programs that have broad bipartisan support: AGOA, GSP, and Haiti Hope. These programs lower trade barriers between our country and these devel-oping countries. It is the best example of trade not aid that you can come up with. They grow our trading ties, be-cause when we grow, they grow. This is good policy that has been well re-spected and supported by both sides of the aisle. Therefore, we have every in-centive to get this done. 
Third, we make sure that our compa-
nies can use our trade remedy laws to address unfair trade practices. This is something that we have worked with our colleagues on both sides of the aisle, our colleagues from steel country and the House Steel Caucus, to make sure that our trade laws are actually enforced and, when our trade laws are not being followed, when they are being abused, that we have quick rem-edies to these situations. All of this legislation will strengthen the Amer-ican economy. It will strengthen Amer-ica’s credibility on the world stage, and it will strengthen American leadership. 
With that, I urge its passage. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEVIN. I now yield 3 minutes to 
the gentleman from New York (Mr. R
ANGEL ), who was an inspiration for 
AGOA and a major author. 
(Mr. RANGEL asked and was given 
permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, this is a 
good day for America, and it is a good day for us in the House. There are so many people to thank for making this day possible, not just for the people in developing countries in Africa, but, more importantly, for Americans who recognize, unless we can raise the level of survival in other countries, our country is not fulfilling its moral and economic obligations. 
I want to give a special thanks to the 
chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means. It is kind of rough listening 
to him talking about TPP, the Trans- Pacific Partnership, because he knows and I know that, if we wanted each bill passed, we would be concerned not by what the multinationals want, but we would be concerned about the middle class. The middle class you can help by having infrastructure, you can help by having an education, all the things that are not Democratic issues. On this particular AGOA bill, he gave assur-ances that he thought that this stand-ing alone did not have to get involved in the controversy that people had over the more controversial bill. Like he said, he made his commitment. He kept his commitment. It is things like this that should have younger Members re-alizing Congress can do it, we can work together, and I thank him publicly for that. 
You will be hearing more from other 
Members in terms of the involvement that they have had. Certainly, Mr. L
EVIN from the very, very beginning 
working with J IMMCDERMOTT , working 
with Republicans, gave birth to this bill 10 years ago, and his guidance and support and the Ways and Means mem-bers have given another year. 
K
AREN BASS, she is something spe-
cial. She came to us after serving as California speaker. She grabbed Africa, foster care, and those types of issues that people have left behind, but she managed to make certain that every-one knows that this country cares, and cares deeply. 
It is ironic that as we talk about Af-
rica, we are talking about Haiti, we are talking about developing countries, and we also are talking about those workers who, through no fault of their own and because of international and national decisions, have lost their op-portunity to have self-esteem and to have a job. 
b1115 
These are issues that we have 
touched on in this bill. These are issues that go nowhere in terms of how far America has to go in order to be fair and equal and allow us to include real wages, real education, and real oppor-tunity in the pursuit of happiness. 
But since we are trying and since 
there is nothing in this bill that doesn’t point us in the right direction, especially on the same day that the United States Supreme Court has rec-ognized that compassion is not re-stricted to just those who can afford insurance on their own, I just want to thank the leadership in this House, both Republican and Democrats, for the great work that allows me to be a proud Member of this House. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
at this time, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman Pennsylvania (Mr. M
EEHAN ), 
a distinguished Member of the Ways and Means Committee. 
Mr. MEEHAN. I thank the chairman 
for his leadership in bringing the bipar-tisan solution to the trade promotion authority. I stand right now in support of the 
Trade Preferences Extension Act, which is before us at the moment, and encourage my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join in supporting this. 
I speak first about Trade Adjustment 
Assistance, a program I have seen in my own district, where I have watched for workers, when it can be dem-onstrated that they have had their jobs impacted because of foreign implica-tions, there is a support network in place. 
I have seen the value of that program 
and believe that it is important that we keep the tradition of TAA, but we also need to point out that there have been significant improvements in this program. 
There is streamlining. Some of the 
underperforming programs were not re-authorized. There is accountability. 
There will now be performance goals for TAA that are aligned with other job training programs. 
Consolidation is a third part. It is a 
process in which we will promote direct services for participants over adminis-trative spending. These are important and critical improvements to a pro-gram that already has a history. 
I just want to close my comments. 
There is a very important provision in the Trade Preferences Extension Act dealing with improving antidumping and countervailing duty laws. 
As an attorney, I appreciate the im-
portance of creating an accurate record. This allows us to do this in a vitally important area, in the battle against the dumping that is being done that are affecting American jobs at home. 
First and most important, it will 
allow the Department of Commerce to have the ability to create an accurate record. When, in fact, what you have is a foreign party that fails to cooperate with the agency’s request, they will be able to impute the information that is necessary to make that case. 
In addition, they will be empowered 
to be able to disregard prices or costs of inputs that foreign producers pur-chase if the Department of Commerce has reason to believe or suspects that the inputs in question have been sub-sidized or dumped. 
Once again, it creates an accurate 
record. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. I yield the 
gentleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. MEEHAN. I thank the gen-
tleman. 
Because I think this is such a criti-
cally important issue to be able to cre-ate the kind of record—and it gives the Department of Commerce the kind of discretion to be able to look at the facts and to take recalcitrant countries and hold them accountable by creating what is accurate in the form of the case that we can make to assure that workers here at home are being pro-tected. 
These are important and valuable as-
sets in the ability for us to continue to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.026 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4691 June 25, 2015 
protect American jobs. It is for those 
reasons that I strongly encourage my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support the Trade Preferences Exten-sion Act of 2015. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ), another distin-
guished member of our committee. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. I appreciate the 
gentleman’s courtesy. 
I rise in support of the effort today, 
and I would first acknowledge what my friend, the chairman of the committee, said a moment ago. 
At times, trust is in short supply in 
this institution for a whole host of rea-sons, but we were given ironclad assur-ances from the Speaker, from the President, from the chairman, from Senator W
YDEN , Senator H ATCH , and 
Leader M CCONNELL that TAA would 
come back to this floor to be voted on. I think it is important that that has in fact occurred. 
To adapt, respond, and grow a 21st 
century workforce, we need Trade Ad-justment Assistance. What we have be-fore us is an improvement over current law. It is not as good as what we had in 2009. I hope that we will be able to build on this and move forward. This program has helped more than 100,000 Americans, including 3,000 of my fellow Oregonians who received job training and financial support. 
There will continue to be winners 
and losers in the global economy, whether we have trade agreements with countries or not, like with pres-sures from China. It is important that we provide this for our workers. With our vote today, we do so. 
I lend my voice saluting Chairman 
R
ANGEL for the work that he has done 
on AGOA. Having this package before us, including new economic opportuni-ties for growing the economies of Afri-ca, Haiti, and other places around the world is critically important. The 10- year extension is an example of how trade can improve these critical living standards. 
Finally, I have to acknowledge one 
little parochial interest in this bipar-tisan provision I worked on with Mr. R
EICHERT that creates jobs in the 
Northwest and helps all outdoor enthu-siasts. 
Right now, innovative footwear faces 
an unreasonable reality coming to our borders. Two identical-looking running shoes are imported. One must pay a significantly higher tariff for a single reason: they have a waterproof liner. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Coming from 
the Pacific Northwest, waterproof mat-ters. To be able to end this outmoded tariff code charging extremely high tariffs for no reason at all, I think, is an important step forward. 
I look forward to continuing work to 
fine-tune the tariff regimen that we have, but this is an important one for the people that I represent in the 
Northwest. I appreciate working with Mr. R
EICHERT to be able to get this one 
across the finish line. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. T
IBERI ), the chairman 
of the Trade Subcommittee. 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, this is a 
good day for America. 
As the previous speaker just said, 
globalization occurs with or without America engaging in the world. It is important for America to engage in the world, to write the rules of the global balance economy; but whether or not we do or we don’t, there will be winners and losers because of globalization. 
This bill is called the preferences 
bill, but it is more than just about preferences. It is about America’s lead-ership in Africa. It is about America’s leadership in Haiti. It is about Amer-ica’s leadership at home in providing trade assistance for those workers who did lose their job because of globalization. 
My dad was one of them. Long before 
America engaged in a bilateral trade agreement, my dad lost his job as a steelworker. There are important pro-visions in this bill written by Chair-man R
YAN that will help the steel in-
dustry. That is really important. My dad was in that industry. He lost his job of 25 years. He benefited from trade assistance. 
This is important for American 
workers. This is also important for those workers who lost their job through no fault of their own and who lost their health care. The health cov-erage tax credit is renewed in this bill. 
This bill almost wasn’t, quite frank-
ly. There was a lot of rhetoric on the floor of this House and the floor of the other House about the word of our chairman and the word of our Speaker and about how this wouldn’t come up and we can’t trust them. 
Well, let me tell you, ladies and gen-
tlemen, our chairman’s word has been gold from day one in this process. Every commitment he has made has come through. Through this process, every commitment our Speaker has made has come to be. 
We wouldn’t be on the floor today de-
bating this bill and approving this bill in a little while if it weren’t for the leadership of Chairman R
YAN and the 
leadership of Speaker B OEHNER . They 
both deserve our thanks. 
Also, the chairman has put together 
a great staff at the Ways and Means Committee. They should be thanked for their yeoman’s work in this proc-ess, which has been very difficult but very bipartisan and very bicameral. 
Americans want this place to work. 
Americans want Congress to work to-gether for America’s benefit. America’s leadership in the world today is a little bit stronger. The light of America is shining a little bit brighter because of the work that this Congress has done on this bill and the other bills, includ-ing the customs bill that this Congress has put together and will be sending to 
the President’s desk shortly. 
America is going to lead in the global 
economy because of what we have done today. Americans should be proud that Congress is working again. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. K
IND), another distin-
guished member of our committee. 
Mr. KIND. I thank my friend for 
yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of this trade preferences bill and the Trade Adjustment Assistance legisla-tion that is before us today. 
As the previous speaker pointed out, 
for us to be in this situation did re-quire a little leap of faith. We weren’t sure how we were going to be able to get back after the procedural snafu earlier to have a chance to reconsider Trade Adjustment Assistance, but I give credit, and I thank the leadership on both sides of the aisle, especially my good friend and colleague on the Ways and Means Committee, Mr. R
YAN 
from Wisconsin; the Speaker; and Sen-ator M
CCONNELL . 
They promised, as we did move for-
ward trying to give the President trade promotion authority, that they wouldn’t pull any punches, that they would allow Trade Adjustment Assist-ance to come back for consideration, and that is exactly what is happening today. 
This has not been an easy process, 
but this week, the President will get trade promotion authority on his desk so this administration can go forward and try to negotiate the best agree-ment in the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship—and even with our European al-lies—that we can obtain in order to ele-vate standards and begin to level the playing field so that our workers, our farmers, our businesses have a better chance of competing in that global en-vironment, especially the fastest grow-ing region in the Pacific Rim right now. That is what TPP is all about. 
It is also important to recognize the 
significant work done with the African Growth and Opportunity Act. That is all about our relationship with the countries in Africa and Haiti and where we go here in the 21st century together. It is important that we get this accom-plished today, along with the Trade Adjustment Assistance bill. 
That is the help we are able to pro-
vide displaced workers who are im-pacted by globalization the job train-ing and education funds so they can re-integrate as quickly as possible in the economy and be full participants of this 21st century global economy. 
That would not have happened if the 
political stars had not aligned. There are areas of common agreement here in this country, as represented in this Congress. Today is proof of that, being able to move forward on a trade agenda that is important for U.S. global lead-ership, important for our workers, growing the economy and our competi-tiveness as a Nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.027 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4692 June 25, 2015 
Again, I commend the leadership 
shown on both sides of the aisle. We are looking forward to more opportunity to work together in the future. I en-courage my colleagues to support this legislation. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself 30 seconds. 
I add my thanks, Mr. Speaker. Mr. 
T
IBERI left, but he did a lot of work on 
this legislation. He did yeoman’s work on it. 
I just want to echo the sentiment 
that has been said here, which is pass-ing these very challenging bills, doing a number of bills, did require a lot of trust between the two parties, which we have not seen a lot of lately. 
I am just very pleased to be a part of 
this dynamic where we have given each other our words, we have kept our words, and therefore, we are getting this done. As a result of that, I believe that the country is far better off. This policy is good for America, and it re-stores our leadership in the world. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ASCRELL ), another distin-
guished member of our committee. 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I have 
heard from both sides of the aisle the term ‘‘winners and losers.’’ 
Our workers who are laid off because 
of the deals that have been put before this Congress in the last 15 years are not losers. They are the most produc-tive workers in the world. How dare you call them losers. 
We are all patting each other on the 
back here. We are talking about a piece of legislation that is like putting the cart before the horse. 
We want to prevent people from 
being laid off—engineers, laborers, technicians. Our trade deals have been a joke. Not one person has come to this floor to explain to us—and I know that is not the bill we are talking about, that has already been deep-sixed in its past—not one person has come to the floor and told us how these jobs are going to be created through trade. 
We are not antitrade. What we want 
is fair trade deals. How dare you call our workers losers. 
b1130 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman is reminded to direct his re-marks to the Chair. 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I say 
that through you to them. 
All we have been hearing over the 
past few months is that we need to grant the President fast-track author-ity so we can finalize the Trans-Pacific Partnership because it will be good for American workers; and yet here we are today, voting on a package to prepare for the opposite: the loss of American jobs because of a trade deal that doesn’t put American workers first. 
I could support the Trade Adjust-
ment Assistance. You need to help those people who are going to be laid off because of these trade deals that are so great so that they kept their 
jobs or some other jobs were created. Where are those jobs? 
If American workers are going to 
have the rug pulled out from under them because of trade deals, something should be there to break their fall. The sad reality is that we need TAA. And even the sadder reality is that, despite the great need, this TAA bill before us today is inadequate. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. PASCRELL. The trade adjust-
ment bill we are voting on today con-tains a number of flaws. The TAA has been used as a bargaining chip to push the TPA over the finish line. I would prefer that we didn’t need a TAA at all. Trade Adjustment Assistance is not preferable to a job. 
Secondly, the bill cuts funding for 
the worker from $575 to $450 million per year. You got your pound of flesh. At a time when trade is expanding, this bill slashes funding for worker training by 20 percent. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
AULSEN ), a dis-
tinguished member of the Ways and Means Committee and a member of the Trade Subcommittee, in an effort to try and restore the civil dialogue and bipartisan dialogue we have been hav-ing. 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding and for his leadership in bringing forward some ad-ditional trade legislation today that is very, very important. 
I am going to rise in support of H.R. 
1295, the Trade Preferences Extension Act, for a couple of key reasons, be-cause there are some key, important provisions that accomplish some very critical goals. 
First, it extends those vital trade 
preferences with both Africa, through the African Growth and Opportunity Act, as well as Haiti. And these invest-ments now, these preference programs, provide vital opportunities for Amer-ican investment, for U.S. investment, long-term investment. These countries are asking for this investment for the long term. 
It helps the African workers, it helps 
Haitian workers and businesses as they establish themselves as developing countries to making sure they are going to be set for the 21st century global economy. 
So, Mr. Speaker, this is more about 
establishing soft power, strategic alli-ances, and that is smart power. 
Secondly, the legislation renews the 
Generalized System of Preferences pro-gram. Now, this is another very impor-tant program that reduces tariffs and, therefore, it reduces prices. It helps consumers here in the United States each and every day and the amount of product that they consume. 
Importantly, Mr. Speaker, the bill 
authorizes also the USTR to designate certain travel goods, including purses, 
briefcases, attache cases, and backpacks, to be eligible under this GSP program, expanding new produc-tion opportunities for U.S. businesses. This is a provision that I personally have long supported. 
Mr. Speaker, I think what you are 
seeing over the last few days is the trade agenda moving forward on a very bipartisan basis. Every President since Franklin Delano Roosevelt, regardless of their political background and their party background, has understood and engaged the world with the United States leading in trade. 
That tradition is continuing now 
with this Congress, with this Presi-dent. We want to see it through. We want to see more opportunity for en-hanced trade, because more trade means more jobs and higher-paying jobs for our American workers, espe-cially in manufacturing right here at home. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman 
for bringing this important bill to the floor. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting it. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. L
EE). 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me thank 
our ranking member for yielding and for your very critical and tremendous leadership on these issues. 
Mr. Speaker, as a strong supporter of 
this African Growth and Opportunity Act, let me first say that I am ex-tremely disappointed that AGOA was used as a bargaining chip to pass the unrelated Trade Adjustment Assist-ance package. AGOA has been a long-time cornerstone of the U.S.-Africa re-lationship. 
And I just have to thank Congress-
man R
ANGEL and Congresswoman B ASS 
and members of the Congressional Black Caucus who have done every-thing they could do, everything pos-sible to keep AGOA a clean bill, with-out being loaded with non-Africa trade- related issues. 
Yet, in spite of these efforts, we are 
faced with a bill, really, that looks like a Christmas tree. But I will reluctantly vote for this because Africa deserves better. It deserves not to be caught up in the gimmicks of this body. And we 
will continue to fight for American jobs, American workers, and a TPP that creates jobs in America, economic growth in America, and preserves jobs in America. So this is not over. 
On top of the very cynical way that 
these trade bills have been brought to the floor, the TAA included in this bill is inadequately funded and fails to pro-tect workers who will ultimately be displaced by massive trade agreements like the TPP—and that will happen. 
It is unfortunate that we have to pass 
a TAA to protect workers from job losses that we know will exist which we are told won’t exist. So at least we need to, sooner or later, come back with a TAA that is fully funded, at least to the tune of $575 million. We have got to do that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.028 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4693 June 25, 2015 
This TAA fails to cover all workers 
who will adversely be affected by TPP, and it even excludes public sector em-ployees from eligibility. This is simply wrong. We must do better. 
It is time for us to get real and stop 
putting American workers at risk with trade deals like TPP. We need an ade-quate trade assistance bill and a trade policy that protects and creates Amer-ican jobs and economic growth in America. 
But, quite frankly, we have to have 
trade policies that create markets also for African goods, jobs in Africa. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield the gentlewoman 
an additional 15 seconds. 
Ms. LEE. Also jobs in Africa; 
healthcare issues like HIV and AIDS; development assistance, such as the Millennium Challenge Account. 
So we can’t neglect Africa, and we 
can’t allow the continent of Africa to be used as a gimmick in this overall process, which I think was very, very poor and reflects poorly on this body. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
let me yield myself 1 minute to try and clarify some of what was just men-tioned. 
The reason we are here with this bill 
and the reason TAA is attached to the AGOA bill is because of the dilatory tactics from the minority a couple of weeks ago. 
In keeping with our word, we brought 
this Trade Preferences bill through the House on its own stand-alone. And so the reason this is happening is not be-cause of the majority, but because of what the minority did with respect to the TAA bill. So I just want to be very clear, that is why we are where we are. 
Having said all of that, we are still 
keeping our agreement going that these bills are going through. 
The second point I would like to 
make is TPP does not exist yet. There is no Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement. There are talks. There have been talks for years, and those talks are still ongoing. But we do not have a trade agreement yet. That was why we needed to pass TPA, so that we can get a trade agreement like TPP. 
So I would just encourage all Mem-
bers not to oppose something they have not yet seen, not to prejudge an agree-ment that does not yet exist. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself an additional 1 minute. 
It is very important that we recog-
nize 95 percent of the world’s con-sumers. They don’t live in this coun-try. They live in other countries. And if we want good jobs that pay more, we need to be able to make and grow things in America and sell them over-seas into other markets, other coun-tries. 
Since TPA last expired in 2007, there 
have been 100 trade agreements nego-tiated and enacted around the world where we were a party to zero, none of them. What that means is other coun-
tries are lowering the trade barriers be-tween themselves, and we, America, by not being a part of this, have much higher barriers. So when we want to make something and sell it overseas, it is a lot more expensive for them to buy our products than buying our competi-tors’ products. 
There were 48 trade agreements en-
acted in Asia since 2000 alone. We were a party to two of them. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has again ex-pired. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
giving myself an additional 30 seconds, we were a party to two of those agree-ments and, as a result, our share of trade going into Asia, meaning exports going there from our country, went down 42 percent. 
One in five jobs is tied to trade. 
These jobs pay more. This is about jobs. 
So I would simply encourage our 
Members: Don’t take a position on something that doesn’t exist yet. Read. See with your own eyes, then form an opinion. But I would argue, it is not in your constituents’ interest to simply say what you are for or against before you even see what it is. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, could I ask 
for the balance of our time? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Michigan has 12
1⁄4minutes 
remaining. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self 1 minute. 
Mr. Speaker, the reason for the vote 
on TAA some days ago was because it was used as a bargaining chip to get votes for TPA. That is what the vote on TAA was all about. 
Secondly, I just want to observe, it is 
said don’t judge TPP in opposition be-fore you see it. The problem is so many people are judging in favor of it while it is still being negotiated and labeling it for a certain kind of an agreement while it is still being negotiated. 
So, for those who criticize those who 
are opposed before they see it, I would like to say to them, what is good for the goose is good for the gander. Don’t embrace it so fully and so passionately before it is completed, and it is far from being completed. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ON-
NOLLY ). 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman, my friend from Michigan, and I take his word seri-ously. I think it is good counsel for both sides. Let’s wait and see what the fine print has to say before we draw our lines in support or opposition. I take those words to heart. 
I must say, I echo the words of Chair-
man R
YAN. We are here today not 
under some cynical ploy to use the Af-rica bill to pass Trade Adjustment As-sistance, rather, we are here to save Trade Adjustment Assistance because some decided it was worth sacrificing 
to get at Trade Promotion Authority. That was their political judgment, and they are entitled to it. But they are not entitled to then accuse those of us trying to save that program of cyni-cism. That is the least thing happening today. 
We are all about trying to keep work-
ers who might be displaced, who will be displaced from globalization and, yes, maybe trade, get some training, get some help. That is what this program has done. It is a democratic program, and Chairman R
YANand Speaker B OEH-
NERhave kept their word. 
That is what today’s vote is also 
about: redeeming a pledge made to us that we would have a second bite at this apple. And thank God we do, be-cause American workers are going to benefit from it. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. E
LLISON ), who is so active 
on these issues. 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, Mr. 
Chairman, ranking member, I will sub-mit for the R
ECORD a letter from the 
President of the AFL–CIO, Mr. Richard Trumka. 
AMERICAN FEDERATION OF LABOR  
ANDCONGRESS OF INDUSTRIAL OR-
GANIZATIONS , 
Washington, DC, June 24, 2015. 
DEARREPRESENTATIVE : We are in the final 
stretch of a long and contentious battle over the congressional grant of trade negotiating authority to the President. Congress has now approved fast track authority, which will give the executive branch the opportunity to negotiate—in secret—as many trade agree-ments as it can through at least June 30, 2018 (and likely through 2021). Fast track 2015 fails to hold the executive branch account-able for achieving negotiating objectives, ad-dressing the U.S. trade imbalance, or ensur-ing that trade deals adequately protect good jobs, workers rights, environmental protec-tions, access to affordable medicines, food safety, and other vital protections for work-ing families. 
This week, Trade Adjustment Assistance 
(H.R. 1295 or TAA) will come before the House of Representatives. Unfortunately, and against the advice of many members of Congress, TAA has been packaged with an important and necessary bill to provide trade preferences to sub-Saharan African countries—the African Growth and Oppor-tunity Act (AGOA). The AFL-CIO has long supported renewal of AGOA, and we will con-tinue to work closely with our African trade union brothers and sisters to ensure that AGOA supports workers’ rights and sustain-able development. 
The AFL-CIO has been clear that this TAA 
bill is inadequately funded and fails to take into account job disruptions from massive pending trade agreements like the Trans-Pa-cific Partnership (TPP) and others that may be negotiated over the course of the next six years. TAA ought to include a minimum funding level of $575 million and ensure that public sector workers are eligible. Moreover, the funding mechanism for TAA remains highly problematic: despite a fix to one ‘‘pay-for,’’ partial funding for TAA is achieved in this bill by cutting $250 million from Medicare payments to hospital kidney dialysis centers. These unrelated program 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.029 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4694 June 25, 2015 
cuts are unwarranted and compromise the 
integrity of the program. Furthermore, this violates the principle that Medicare savings should be plowed back into Medicare. 
The sequencing and cynical packaging of 
votes on Trade Promotion Authority (TPA), 
TAA, and the Customs Enforcement bill have been designed to obfuscate clear policy issues and force members of Congress to make awkward and conflicting votes with in-adequate information. 
Scheduling a fast track vote without as-
surance that an adequately funded TAA would ever be enacted or that important trade enforcement measures would be in-cluded compounds the existing failures of U.S. trade policy to promote the interests of working families. There is significant uncer-tainty about what version of the Customs bill might eventually emerge from the con-ference process, or whether any TAA or Cus-toms bill will eventually reach the Presi-dent’s desk at all. 
The changes made to the Customs bill in 
the House of Representatives eviscerated key enforcement, currency and human rights provisions, while inserting ideologically mo-tivated and counter-productive negotiating objectives with respect to climate change and immigrant rights. Every member of Con-gress who voted for TPA essentially endorsed this process and signaled a willingness to ac-cept these problematic changes to the fast track objectives, as well as a willingness to enact new job-killing trade agreements with-out any guarantee that displaced workers will receive adequate training and support. 
We deplore the procedural machinations 
used by the Republican congressional leader-ship and endorsed by the White House to ad-vance a flawed package of trade bills, absent any clarity or certainty about the final out-comes. 
We cannot endorse the current TAA legis-
lation, given its shortcomings. We would op-pose TAA in a heartbeat if by doing so we could be assured that we could slow or stop a flawed trade agenda from moving forward, and we are confident that we would have the votes to defeat it. However, in light of the unfortunate passage of TPA by the House and the Senate, we recognize that many members will be reluctant to imperil the passage of AGOA and may reasonably lack confidence that the Republican leadership will give them a chance to vote for an im-proved TAA bill. 
Despite President Obama’s repeated assur-
ances that he would not sign TPA without TAA, this no longer seems to be the case. The President has made clear that his only priority in the trade agenda is passage of TPA—regardless of what happens with re-spect to currency, trade enforcement, traf-ficking in persons, immigration policy or cli-mate change—let alone assistance to dis-located workers. We do not have confidence that the White House would hold out for a stronger TAA bill if this one were to fail. We therefore urge you to vote your conscience, and we will respect your decision, whatever it may be. 
We will redouble our efforts to shape and 
improve U.S. trade policy. We will vigor-ously oppose TPP if it continues on its cur-rent course—with problematic provisions on investor-state-dispute settlement, procure-ment and intellectual property rights; with-out any protections against currency manip-ulation; with weak rules of origin; and with inadequate protections for workers’ and human rights and the environment. We will continue to work closely with Congress and with our allies in the environmental, con-sumer, human rights, family farm, faith, de-velopment, domestic business, immigrants’, women’s and Internet privacy rights organi-zations—among many others—to educate and mobilize our members and the American 
public about what a good trade policy ought to be and why this one falls short. 
Sincerely, 
R
ICHARD L. T RUMKA , 
President. 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I submit 
this letter from Mr. Trumka because I think, perhaps more than anybody else in this whole country, he is in touch with workers and what they need; and labor has been a solid wall of opposing the Trans-Pacific Partnership and the Trade Promotion Authority. 
The fact is, when people said we don’t 
know what it is and it is an unknown, that is not true. We have, as Members, been able to go and read some of it. Pieces of it have been leaked. And ev-erything I have seen so far has been in-credibly disappointing and represents a real threat to the interests of working people, which Mr. Trumka is an expert on. 
I mean, I think it is really odd that 
we think the person who is expert at representing American workers knows so little and workers in general know so little about what is good for them. Maybe we should listen to the people who have borne the brunt of these trade bills in this country, from NAFTA all the way down. 
b1145 
Mr. ELLISON. The fact is, yeah, we 
do need Trade Adjustment Assistance. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 1 minute. 
Mr. ELLISON. If this Trans-Pacific 
Partnership is anything like the trade bills we have seen so far, we are going to need a way bigger Trade Adjustment Assistance than this represents. 
Trade Adjustment Assistance is a 
good thing, but it is an admission that we are going to have displaced workers. We are saying people will be hurt by this trade bill, and so we are going to try to mitigate some of the harm. 
The billions and billions of dollars 
that will be made by transnational cor-porations from the Trans-Pacific Part-nership—well, let me tell you, we ought to be doing a whole lot more than the meager amount of Trade Ad-justment Assistance that is captured in this bill. 
I will tell you this, the interests of 
the American people are what we should be thinking about. I have not heard a word about how this is going to help raise workers’ wages. In fact, there is every reason to believe that this will put downward pressure on American workers at a time when we have seen historic income inequality and stagnation of worker pay. 
America needs to be the land of op-
portunity, not the land of economic stagnation caused by trade bills like the one I am afraid we are about to talk about. I am moving on the TPP, 
and we will fight that. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentlewoman from California (Ms. B
ASS), who has made the AGOA such 
an important part of her life here. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to support H.R. 1295, the Trade Pref-erences Extension Act of 2015, which includes the reauthorization of the Af-rican Growth and Opportunity Act, or AGOA. 
I want to thank Chairman R
YAN, who 
made a commitment at the beginning of the year that we would follow through and we would make sure that AGOA was on the President’s desk. I want to thank Ranking Member L
EVIN; 
Chairman T IBERI ; and a giant in this 
House and one of the original authors of AGOA and a mentor to me and many, many others in this house, Mr. C
HARLIE RANGEL , for their leadership 
on AGOA. 
I want to thank members of the Afri-
can Diplomatic Corps, African heads of state, the diaspora, and members of the African civil society for their tireless work on this legislation. 
It has been almost a year since Presi-
dent Obama brought together heads of state from 50 African nations for the historic U.S.-Africa leaders summit last August. This summit was the larg-est event any American President had held with African heads of state, and it was critical in creating the momentum and support that AGOA now enjoys. 
Over the next 10 years, Africa will be-
come an even more important part of the world economy with a large youth-ful population that is increasingly uni-versity educated, tech savvy, and en-trepreneurial. Without question, it is in the interest of the United States and the countries of Africa that we work toward a stronger and mutually bene-ficial economic relationship that will stand the test of time. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
UELLAR ). 
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, 95 per-
cent of all consumers are outside the United States. When you look at who exports and who is involved in inter-national trade, over 80 percent of the companies that do this are small- and medium-sized companies. In fact, in the State of Texas, 93 percent of all the companies that export are small- and medium-sized companies. 
One point that we understand, if we 
want to make sure that labor and envi-ronmental standards are higher in those countries that we want to deal with, the only way we can do that is by engaging, by talking, and by having a conversation; and that is why these trade agreements are important. 
Again, I support a TPA. I support 
TAA. On TPP, let’s reserve our judg-ment, and let’s make a decision on the facts at this time. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. I have no 
further speakers. Since I reserve the right to close, I will let the gentleman finish his speakers, and then I will do a quick close. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield 1 minute to the 
gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  
LEE). 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend her remarks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.016 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4695 June 25, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let 
me thank Ranking Member L EVIN for 
always standing in the gap with a cre-ative mind for trade but for workers. 
Let me acknowledge my colleague 
from Wisconsin and indicate that those of us who stand here today have sev-eral reasons for doing so. 
It was in 1997 that I traveled to the 
continent of Africa and looked at the rich resources of people and product and understood that that developing continent needed a bridge of oppor-tunity. I am not against a bridge of op-portunity, and therefore, I vote and support the African Growth and Oppor-tunity Act and those African nations who have extended their hand of friend-ship to the United States to create jobs. 
At the same time, I have to represent 
some of the most impoverished and one of the largest groups of working people in the South in the State of Texas. Oh, I know that there is benefit. Texas is a State that fits appropriately for ben-efit in trade, but there are workers that I must be concerned about. I real-ly stand here today to support the Trade Adjustment Assistance Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield an additional 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. There is not one 
district where the Department of Labor does not document the loss of jobs through trade. I would rather be stand-ing here today and saving a monu-mental amount of jobs for those indi-viduals that may have skills that are not in the chief executive office. 
I want to make sure that there is 
help, and I also want to say let’s keep negotiating to get a component that deals with workers. The Trade Adjust-ment Assistance Act is for workers. It is to give you that cushion; and it is to, in actuality, be able to help over 10,853 workers in my State alone. 
We are here today to say keep push-
ing for an equality in trade negotia-tions to be able to lift the boats of workers across America, and then we are telling those who may be the bene-ficiary or the victim of dumping or other tactics that we will not leave here without voting for Trade Adjust-ment Assistance. 
Again, I thank my colleague for real-
izing we are better together than we are divided. I thank my colleague Mr. L
EVIN, who was never wavered from un-
derstanding trade, but having the em-pathy of the working man and woman. 
I stand with him, and we are going to 
move America forward. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Motion 
to Concur to H.R. 1295—Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015. 
Put simply, this bill will create jobs, protect 
workers and help grow our economy. 
Specifically, this bill includes three separate 
provisions: 
trade preferences for developing countries; trade adjustment assistance; and Leveling the Playing Field. As it relates to the Trade Preferences Ex-
tension Act, this provides developing countries with duty-free access to a range of goods that are otherwise subject to tariffs to help promote commerce and boost our economy. 
The bill extends the important African 
Growth and Opportunity Act (AGOA) and trade programs for countries who most need it such as Haiti through 2025. 
As it relates to the Trade Adjustment Assist-
ance (TAA), since 1962, the Trade Adjustment Assistance has provided assistance to workers who face challenges due to global competi-tion. 
Pre 2009, the only beneficiaries of TAA 
were manufacturing workers out of work due to American trade, utilizing our free trade agreements to engage our global partners. 
However, the 2009 legislation extended the 
program to cover a larger pool of workers such as those in the service sector, as well as manufacturing workers who lose their jobs due to trade with any country. 
Additionally, TAA also extended coverage to 
public sector workers. 
Currently, TAA has increased funding for 
worker training from $220 million per year to $575 million per year. 
This is a step in the right direction. I support this bill because it provides us with 
the opportunity to reauthorize TAA to protect workers who may lose their jobs due to trade with other countries. 
According to the Department of Labor and 
Commerce, between 2009 and 2013 over 770 18th Congressional District constituents bene-fitted from the Trade Adjustment Assistance Program. 
This means thousands of families were able 
to put food on their tables. 
For instance, 46,521 workers were certified 
in the state of Texas between 2009 and 2013. 
In 2013 alone, over $46,000,000 was allo-
cated to Texas, covering over 10,853 workers in the state of Texas and thousands of fami-lies. 
Finally, I support this bill because it levels 
the playing field. 
Specifically, it includes improvements to 
U.S. antidumping and countervailing duty laws by: 
providing the Department of Commerce with 
more discretion to determine dumping or sub-sidy rate to apply to an uncooperative foreign company; 
requiring the International Trade Commis-
sions (ITC) to consider additional factors when determining whether a domestic industry has been materially injured; 
allowing Department of Commerce to use a 
different calculation methodology to compare domestic and foreign costs if the methodology does not produce an appropriate comparison; 
clarifying that the Department of Commerce 
when approximating costs in a non-market for-eign economy can disregard the price of goods that are dumped or benefit from illegal subsidies; and 
providing that Department of Commerce 
with more discretion to reject voluntary re-spondents, which will allow the Department of Commerce to use its limited resources on other matters. 
Job creation, economic security, growing 
our economy and the protection of workers are the reasons why I support this bill. 
For the millions of American lives that will 
be enriched by this bill that is why I strongly support the Trade Preference Extension Act of 
2013. 
I support this bill and will keep an eye on it 
to make sure we make good on our promise to the American people in creating jobs and our commitment to growing our economy. 
I urge all members to support the bill. Mr. LEVIN. I yield 1 minute to the 
gentlewoman from California (Ms. P
ELOSI ), our leader. 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. I commend him for his tremendous, relentless, per-sistent leadership on behalf of Amer-ica’s workers. They have no better friend than you, Mr. L
EVIN, and your 
pursuit of bigger paychecks for Amer-ican workers and doing so without ex-ploiting workers in other countries be-cause, as we know, that only leads to stagnation of wages in America. You have understood that so clearly. You have taught us so well. It is an honor to serve with you, Mr. L
EVIN. 
We come to this place with the Sen-
ate passage of TPA and the recognition that there will only be TPA signed. It no longer is connected to TAA. We have a choice today to choose between voting for TAA or not. 
If it was the intent of the Repub-
licans in the Senate to attach TAA to AGOA in order to bring down both bills, they are very wrong because we reject that, even though we would have hoped for a better TAA. 
When we are talking about trade 
agreements that involve 40 percent of the world’s economy, very large with a very small TAA bill, it is woefully small, but at least it is there. I would have fought for a bigger bill. We are not given that opportunity. 
As small as it is, tying it to AGOA 
and perhaps pulling down AGOA, well, we reject that. People said: Oh, let’s just defeat the TAA bill, and AGOA will come up another way. 
We didn’t trust that. We don’t trust 
that the Republicans would allow AGOA to come up another way. For that reason, from strength, knowing that we could defeat TAA, but at the same time bring down AGOA, it was wisely decided that we should just end this phase now, especially since the idea that both bills or no bill no longer existed. 
This is the end of phase one, and to 
get to this point, there has been a mas-sive mobilization in our country of peo-ple of faith; people who are concerned about environment; women’s groups; and, of course, our friends in organized labor. There has been a massive mobili-zation for America’s working families. 
We all stand ready to go to the next 
phase, and that next phase is to keep a very sharp, clear, bright light focused on the provisions of the TPP. Most peo-ple really didn’t realize TPP and TPA, they are different things. Now, they will know. 
While I respect the values of the ad-
ministration, giving their negotiators all of this power, it gives them no rea-son to come back with anything better than a great trade agreement for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.032 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4696 June 25, 2015 
America’s working families, and that is 
what we are here to fight for. 
We do not believe in trickle-down ec-
onomics at home, and we do not believe in trickle-down trade policy where it helps people at the top, entities at the top, and then trickles down maybe to the workers. 
We can do this thinking in new, 
fresh, and entrepreneurial ways. What has bothered me about this debate is it is so stale; it is so old in terms of you are either for globalization and recog-nize it as a reality and you are for par-ticipating in it or you are not—how condescending. 
Of course, we know we live in a glob-
al economy. Globalization is something that goes well beyond trade. It is about outsourcing and offshoring and all 
kinds of other ways of taking jobs away from our workforce. 
It is something that is a possibility 
that can be done, and that was my as-piration, that we can do something great, something new, something that benefited all workers, lifted up all workers, not exploiting some in some country to the advantage of multi-national corporations and stagnation for American workers’ wages. 
Everybody says this is better than 
the status quo. Well, ‘‘better’’ is a com-parative word. If the status quo is not good, better is less bad. We want some-thing best. Good, better, best, never let it rest until good is better and better is best; that is what we were told in grade school. 
Better can also mean less bad. If this 
is the standard that we are going with, something that is less bad than the status quo, that is simply not good enough. 
The possibilities are so great for the 
world, for the planet, so we must recog-nize the relationship between trade policy and people’s lives. We must rec-ognize the relationship, the inter-connection between commerce around climate. 
We cannot enable a trade agreement 
to go forward that degrades the envi-ronment, especially now that our awareness is so great about the impact of business decisions on the environ-ment that our people live in, the air that our people breathe, and the rest. 
We must recognize that we can only 
accomplish this with greater trans-parency than this TPA enables us to have. That is done. We are arguing that. 
We are saying now, for TPP, the 
American people need, expect, and de-serve for us to see what the course of this debate is about so that they can weigh in, so that, at the end of the day, the final product will be something that we can rally around or understand why certain decisions had to go a cer-tain way, but not something that is just put there to say, up or down, you either understand we live in a global economy or you do not. 
b1200 
That is, again, Mr. Speaker, conde-
scending and not worthy, really, of the debate, and certainly not worthy of our 
responsibility to America’s working families. So I am excited about the prospect as we go forward. 
Mr. Speaker, I will vote for this legis-
lation today. I wish we had a better TAA, and I certainly do not want to vote against the goal. I want to com-mend K
AREN BASSand C HARLIE RANGEL  
who worked on this—created it, real-ly—from the start. It is really impor-tant, and we should be happy about passing that. This could have been on the President’s desk before now if our colleagues in the Senate would have just voted for it and sent it there, ex-cept that they decided to hijack it by putting this TAA in there and chang-ing this debate. But that is okay. It is what it is. 
We go forward again with a bright 
spotlight on TPP. If there is any value to what we have been through—which I think has been a great one in terms of mobilization and unifying people about the importance of the stability of America’s financial stability and of America’s working family—it is that we are ready with judgment and knowl-edge, again, engaged in the debate as we go forward. We won’t be part of the debate because TPA prohibits that. But the American people will want to be engaged in that debate, and we, as their representatives, will have to vote on it at some point. 
President Lincoln said that public 
sentiment is everything. The more the public knows about what is happening, I think, the better the agreement will be. That is my hope, and that is what we will fight for. 
So this is another day, a new day to 
go forward. I congratulate my col-leagues who have worked so hard to get us to where we are, but we have much more to do, much bigger possibilities for the American people, and much rec-ognition that it is a whole new world in terms of our understanding of our interconnections. Technology aids us, information helps us, and communica-tion can be our salvation as we share information. 
So again, Mr. Speaker, I congratulate 
Mr. L
EVIN for his leadership and so 
many people who worked so hard on all of this, and I look forward to possibly a time when we not only have a unified Democratic Caucus but a unified Con-gress to come together with one thing in mind as we approach the Fourth of July: remembering e pluribus unum— from many, one. We are one country. I don’t think partisan politics, Demo-crats, Republicans, have anything to do with this debate. It is a debate about advancing America’s workers and about bigger paychecks for Amer-ica’s workers as we lift up workers throughout the world, as we protect our environment, and as we go into the future. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS), a member of our 
committee. 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, we have had a very rigorous and robust debate on trade. Trade is 
important to not only the entire coun-try, but certainly it is important to the communities that I represent. 
Throughout this process, I have fol-
lowed the dictates of organized labor, and I have followed the dictates of the people I represent, which means I voted ‘‘no.’’ I listened to the logic of the Democratic leader just this moment, and I am going to vote with her. I am going to vote for this legislation today because it is necessary to help those in-dividuals who are going to be displaced, and they need all the help we can pro-vide. I will vote to help them. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, as we proceed to vote, 
let me just reflect a bit as someone who has been working on trade issues for some time. 
At one point when USTR would not 
negotiate the trade agreement, Mr. R
ANGEL and I actually did the negoti-
ating of the Peru free trade agreement with the Peruvian Government. I don’t suggest that should be the usual prac-tice. 
As I look back on our debate on TPA, 
I think it has essentially been a prel-ude, a prelude to more vigorous debate about the contents of TPP. I think this debate has stirred the pot, and now it is important that this Congress—that this Congress—impact the ingredients in the pot and that we do so while the ingredients are being cooked and not simply afterwards, because these ingre-dients affect the lives of American businesses, American workers, and working families; and when we get it wrong, as sometimes has been true, people get hurt and millions of jobs are lost. 
So I think we now have to rededicate 
ourselves as these negotiations proceed to be an active partner and insist that we be an active partner, that we know what is going on, and that we are able to discuss with the public what is going on. I think that is where we are today. 
Within that spirit, Mr. Speaker, I 
urge that Democrats support this bill on TAA. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, first I would like to 
clarify a few things. The reason we are here is because of the defeat of TAA the first time it came through here. That is why this bill is such this way. 
The idea that by combining this for 
the Preferences was somehow a plan in the other body to defeat the two bills, I would just like to remind people that the first Preferences bill passed 97–1 when it passed the Senate. This bill was voice-voted in the Senate yester-day, so if someone was planning on try-ing to defeat these bills, they sure picked the wrong way to go about doing it. 
What is really happening here is a 
commitment is being honored the sec-ond time around to make sure that these bills have passed, and I am 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.033 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4697 June 25, 2015 
pleased to see that. So I don’t read into 
anything that the other body did other than respond to the fact that TAA was defeated here the first time around. Now we have rebuilt the process, kept the agreements, and here we are pass-ing a bill that the Senate voice-voted yesterday. 
Why is this important, Mr. Speaker? 
These three bills are bipartisan. TAA is offered by Mr. R
EICHERT , a Republican 
from Washington. Preferences is some-thing that has gotten near universal support from both sides of the aisle. It is very good policy, and everyone on both sides of the aisle is in favor of TAA. 
We also have heard from our manu-
facturers that they need trade remedy, that when another country and a com-pany from another country violate our trade laws and dump product into our market, we ought to be able to do something about it. So there is a bipar-tisan acknowledgment on that front, too. That is why this package is here. I anticipate a good vote count. 
At the end of the day, Mr. Speaker, 
the reason we are doing this is because we care about workers, we care about American leadership, and we care about jobs. The reason you need trade agreements is to remove those barriers so that the little guy, the small busi-ness, can also have access to these for-eign markets. That is one of the ele-ments to this debate that I think is missing. 
Without trade agreements, big busi-
nesses can survive, no problem. Do you know why? Because big businesses can just erect a factory in another country to sell into that other country. It hap-pens all the time. We call it outsourc-ing. So a big company can set up a fac-tory in another country, hire people in that other country, and ship our jobs over there to make their product there to sell into those markets. 
Trade agreements, on the other hand, 
remove those barriers, make it so that you can build it here and send it over there. That means small businesses can also get engaged in trade. Small busi-nesses can also get access to these mar-kets. So by getting in a trade agree-ment, we remove those barriers from these countries who say, ‘‘If you want to sell your product in our country, then make it in our country,’’ to get-ting a trade agreement saying, ‘‘We re-move these barriers, and we will allow you to make it in your country, Amer-ica, and send it here.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, that is why we want 
trade agreements, so we can keep jobs and keep manufacturing in America, make and grow more things here so that we can have more jobs here and send them over there. It is why we have a trade surplus in manufacturing with the countries we had trade agree-ments with and a big manufacturing deficit with the countries we do not have trade agreements with. 
We are pretty generous, Mr. Speaker. 
We already let a lot of other countries sell their goods into our country. Just go through Walmart, Farm & Fleet, K- 
Mart, or Shopko, wherever you go buy stuff, and you will see things made in other countries all down the aisle. I bought this shirt I am wearing right now in Kenosha, Wisconsin, at the out-let mall. It was made in Malaysia. 
Go to these other countries, and you 
will not see something similar. You will not see a bunch of American prod-ucts on their store shelves. Trade agreements say: Hey, wait, that is not fair. Let’s make it fair. You give us the same kind of access to your country that we are giving you to our country. 
That is what we get with trade agree-
ments; level the playing field, keep it fair, and give us access to the fact that we have one in five jobs in America tied to trade, the fact that these jobs on average pay 18 percent more, so that we can keep that going so that we can have more jobs with higher wages. That is what this is about. 
When a worker is displaced—if a 
worker is displaced—TAA is there to help that person get job training skills and benefits so they can get a new skill to get a new job to keep their life going where they want it to go. 
So that is why I expect a good vote 
here today. I am pleased that we are able to honor the agreements that were made, and I am very pleased that we are sending the signal to the rest of the world that this country is still willing and able to lead. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 338, 
the previous question is ordered. 
The question is on the motion by the 
gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN). 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on adoption of the motion will be followed by a 5-minute vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 2200. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 286, nays 138, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 388] 
YEAS—286 
Adams 
Aderholt Aguilar Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (PA) 
Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) 
Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Graham Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hanna Harper Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy 
Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neal Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed 
Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Roskam Rothfus Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) 
Wilson (SC) Yarmuth Yoder Young (IA) Young (IN) 
NAYS—138 
Abraham Allen Amash Amodei Babin Becerra Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Burgess Byrne 
Carter (GA) Cartwright Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Crawford Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Farenthold 
Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Grijalva Hardy Harris 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.035 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4698 June 25, 2015 
Hartzler 
Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan King (IA) Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Lummis Lynch Massie McCaul 
McClintock Meadows Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Nugent Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rouzer Russell 
Salmon Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thompson (MS) Tipton Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—9 
Clyburn 
Hahn Kelly (MS) Napolitano 
Payne Rush Sanford 
Scott (VA) Scott, David 
b1238 
Messrs. LUCAS, WALKER, COLLINS 
of New York, STUTZMAN, KNIGHT, MILLER of Florida, CLAWSON of Flor-ida, LONG, and BUCHANAN changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. SIRES and Mrs. LAWRENCE 
changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the motion to concur was agreed 
to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, on Thurs-
day, June 25th, 2015, I was absent during roll-call vote No. 388. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on the Motion to Concur in the Senate Amendment to H.R. 1295, the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015 (TAA/AGOA). 
Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, June 
25, 2015 I was unavoidably delayed and missed rollcall vote 388. Had I been present I would have voted in the affirmative. 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, due to an unfore-
seen conflict, I unavoidably missed the fol-lowing vote on June 25, 2015. Had I been present I would have voted as follows: on roll-call No. 388, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ (June 25) (Motion to Concur in the Senate Amend-ment to H.R. 1295—Trade Preferences Exten-sion Act of 2015). 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, on roll-
call No. 388, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
CBRN INTELLIGENCE AND INFOR-
MATION SHARING ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
SIMPSON ). The unfinished business is 
the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2200) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear intelligence and information sharing functions of the Office of Intelligence and Analysis 
of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity and to require dissemination of in-formation analyzed by the Department to entities with responsibilities relat-ing to homeland security, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, as amended. 
This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 420, nays 2, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 389] 
YEAS—420 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers 
Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger 
Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone 
Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson 
Sinema Sires Slaughter 
Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—2 
Lofgren Massie 
NOT VOTING—11 
Brady (TX) 
Clyburn Hinojosa Israel Kelly (MS) 
Maloney, Sean Napolitano Payne Reichert 
Roe (TN) Sanford 
b1246 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, on Thurs-
day, June 25th, 2015, I was absent during roll-call vote No. 389. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on the motion to suspend 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.017 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4699 June 25, 2015 
the rules and pass H.R. 2200, the CBRN Intel-
ligence and Information Sharing Act, as amended. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I was 
unable to vote on the afternoon of June 25, 2015, due to my attendance at a funeral. Had I been present, I would have voted: rollcall No. 388—‘‘nay,’’ rollcall No. 389—‘‘yea.’’ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE 
A message from the Senate by Ms. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate reengross the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 1735) ‘‘An Act to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes.’’. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
GRAVES of Louisiana). Without objec-
tion, the motion to reconsider the vote on the question of concurring in the matter comprising the remainder of title II of the Senate amendment to H.R. 1314 is laid on the table. 
There was no objection. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF CONFEREES ON 
H.R. 1735, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FIS-CAL YEAR 2016 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, 
pursuant to clause 1 of rule XXII and by direction of the Committee on Armed Services, I move to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 1735) an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, with a Senate amend-ment thereto, disagree to the Senate amendment, and request a conference with the Senate thereon. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas. 
The motion was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the Chair appoints the fol-lowing conferees: 
From the Committee on Armed Serv-
ices, for consideration of the House bill and the Senate amendment, and modi-fications committed to conference: 
Messrs. T
HORNBERRY , FORBES , M IL-
LERof Florida, W ILSON of South Caro-
lina, L OBIONDO , BISHOP of Utah, T UR-
NER, KLINE, ROGERS of Alabama, S HU-
STER , CONAWAY , L AMBORN , W ITTMAN , HUNTER , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Messrs. H ECK 
of Nevada, W ENSTRUP , Ms. S TEFANIK , 
Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. L ORETTA  
SANCHEZ of California, Mrs. D AVIS of 
California, Messrs. L ANGEVIN , LARSEN  
of Washington, C OOPER , Ms. B ORDALLO , 
Mr. C OURTNEY , Ms. T SONGAS , Messrs. 
GARAMENDI , JOHNSON of Georgia, Ms. 
SPEIER , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, and Ms. 
DUCKWORTH . 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will announce the appointment of additional conferees at a subsequent time. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, 
ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on consider-ation of the H.R. 2822, and that I may include tabular material on the same. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
D
ENHAM ). Pursuant to House Resolu-
tion 333 and rule XVIII, the Chair de-clares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 2822. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ) to preside 
over the Committee of the Whole. 
b1254 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2822) making appropriations for the Depart-ment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. G
RAVES of Lou-
isiana in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. 
The gentleman from California (Mr. 
C
ALVERT ) and the gentlewoman from 
Minnesota (Ms. M CCOLLUM ) each will 
control 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to bring 
to the floor H.R. 2822, the fiscal year 2016 Interior, Environment, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations bill. 
As we begin, I want to personally 
thank Chairman R
OGERS for his leader-
ship and support. Under his guidance, the Committee on Appropriations is again setting the standard for getting things done in the House. The Interior bill is the seventh appropriation bill to come to the floor so far this year. I also want to thank the gentle-
woman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOL-
LUM), my good friend and ranking 
member, for her partnership and work on this bill. 
Finally, I want to thank each of our 
subcommittee members for their ef-forts and the collegiality that con-tinues to be the hallmark of our sub-committee’s deliberations. Even though we may have differences of opinion within this bill, I greatly ap-preciate the Members’ constructive contribution, and I mean that sin-cerely. 
The committee has made very dif-
ficult choices preparing this bill. As re-ported by the Committee on Appropria-tions, the fiscal year 2016 Interior and Environment bill is funded at $30.17 bil-lion, which is $246 million below the fiscal year 2015-enacted level and $3 bil-lion below the budget request. We have made a sincere effort to prioritize needs within our 302(b) allocation. I would like to point out a few of the highlights. 
Again, this year, the committee has 
provided robust wildland fire funding. Fire suppression accounts at the De-partment of the Interior and the Forest Service are fully funded at the 10-year average level. The hazardous fuels pro-gram was increased by $75 million to $526 million in the fiscal year 2015-en-acted bill, and that increase has been maintained in this bill. 
This bill also continues critical in-
vestments in Indian Country, a non-partisan priority of the committee. Building upon the bipartisan work of the former subcommittee chairmen M
IKESIMPSON , Jim Moran, and Norm 
Dicks, this bill continues to make in-vestments in education, public safety, and health programs in Indian Coun-try. 
Overall, funding for the Indian 
Health Service is increased by $145 mil-lion, or 3 percent, while funding for the Bureaus of Indian Affairs and Edu-cation is increased by $165 million, or 6 percent, from fiscal year 2015 levels, the largest percentage increase in this bill. 
This bill provides full funding in fis-
cal year 2016 for the Payment in Lieu of Taxes, or PILT, payments. PILT payments are made to 49 of the 50 States as well as to the District of Co-lumbia, Guam, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
The bill provides $2.7 billion for the 
National Park Service, including more than $60 million in new funding, relat-ing to the centennial of the Park Serv-ice. 
We have also addressed a number of 
priorities within the Fish and Wildlife Service accounts. The bill funds pop-ular cost-shared grant programs above the fiscal year 2015-enacted levels. It also provides additional funds to com-bat international wildlife trafficking, protects fish hatcheries from cuts and 
closures, continues funding to fight invasive species, and reduces the back-log of species that are recovered but not yet de-listed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.020 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4700 June 25, 2015 
The bill provides $248 million for the 
Land and Water Conservation Fund, programs that enjoy broad support—bi-partisan support, for that matter. Some Members would prefer more funding; others would prefer less for LWCF. We have attempted to forge a middle ground that begins to return the emphasis of the Land and Water Conservation Fund to its original in-tent of recreation and State and local 
acquisitions. 
Overall, funding for EPA is reduced 
by $718 million, or 9 percent, from fis-cal year 2015-enacted levels. Members from the Great Lakes region will be pleased to know that the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative is maintained at the fiscal year 2015-enacted level of $300 million. Rural water technical assist-ance grants and many categorical grants, including radon grants, are level funded at the fiscal year 2015 en-acted level. 
Again this year, there is a great deal 
of concern over the number of regu-latory actions being pursued by the EPA in the absence of legislation and without clear congressional direction. For this reason, the bill includes a number of provisions to stop unneces-sary and damaging regulatory over-
reach by the Agency. 
Before closing, I would like to ad-
dress the Endangered Species Act pro-visions in this bill. We have no interest in interfering with science or letting any species go extinct, but we are con-cerned about Federal regulatory ac-tions lacking in basic fairness and common sense. The provisions in this bill address problems created by an ESA driven not by science, but by court orders that drain limited Agency resources and force the Department to cut corners to meet arbitrary dead-lines. Nowhere is this more evident than with the sage-grouse. 
b1300 
States are rightfully concerned that 
a listing or unnecessarily restrictive Federal land use plans will jeopardize existing conservation partnerships with States and private landowners. These partnerships are necessary to save both the sagebrush ecosystem and 
local economies. 
So long as sage-grouse are not under 
imminent threat of extinction, cooper-ative conservation must be given a chance to work. That is why this bill maintains a 1-year delay on any deci-sion to list sage-grouse along with full funding to implement conservation ef-
forts. 
House consideration of this bill is the 
next step in a long legislative process. I hope over the coming months we will come together, as we do each year, to find common ground. In that spirit, I look forward to continuing to work with Ms. M
CCOLLUM and the Members 
of the House on both sides of the aisle. 
In closing, I want to thank the staff 
on both sides for their hard work on this bill. On the minority side, I would like to thank Rick Healy, Rita Culp, Joe Carlile, as well as Rebecca Taylor. They have played an integral role in the process, and their efforts are very much appreciated. 
On the majority side, I would like to 
thank subcommittee staff Kristin Richmond, Jackie Kilroy, Betsy Bina, Jason Gray, Darren Benjamin, and Dave LesStrang. I would also like to thank Ian Foley, Rebecca Keightley, Alexandra Berenter, and Tricia Evans on my personal staff for their great work. 
Mr. Chairman, this is a good bill. It 
deserves the support of the Members of this body. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.041 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4701 June 25, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.013 H25JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 452/1 EH25JN15.001rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEOEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
TITLE I -DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR 
BUREAU OF LAND MANAGEMENT 
Management of lands and Resources 
land Resources: 
Soil, water and air management ..................... . 
Range 1 and management ............................... . 
Grazing admi ni strati on management .................. . 
Grazing administration management offsetting 
collections ...................................... . 
Forestry management ................................ . 
Riparian management ................................ . 
Cultural resources management ...................... . 
Wild horse and burro management .................... . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Wildlife and Fisheries: 
Wildlife management ................................ . 
Fisheries management ............................... . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Threatened and endangered species .................... . 
Recreation Management: 
Wilderness management .............................. . 
Recreation resources management .................... . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Energy and Minerals: 
Oil and gas management ............................. . 
Oi 1 and gas permit processing ..................... .. 
Oil and gas inspection and enforcement ............. . 
Subtotal, Oil and gas .......................... . 
Oi 1 and gas permit processing fees ................. . 
Oil and gas inspection and enforcement fees ........ . 
Subtotal. offsetting collections ............... . 
Coal management .................................... . 
Other mineral resources ............................ . 
Renewab 1 e energy ................................... . 
Subtotal, Energy and Minerals .................. . 
Realty and Ownership Management: 
Alaska conveyance .................................. . 
Cadastral, lands, and realty management ............ . 
Subtotal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
Resource Protection and Maintenance: 
Resource management planning ....................... . 
Abandoned mine lands ............................... . 
Resource protection and law enforcement ............ . 
Hazardous materials management ..................... . 
Subtotal ....................................... . FY 2015 
Enacted 
43,239 
79,000 
9,838 
21,321 
15,131 
77,245 
---------~----245,774 
52,338 
12,530 
64,868 
21,458 
18,264 
48,697 
66.961 
53' 183 
32,500 
41 '126 
126,809 
-32,500 
-32,500 
9,595 
10,586 
29,061 
~--~---~-----143,551 
22,000 
45,658 
----------
67,658 
38' 125 
16,987 
25,325 
15,612 
-------------96,049 FY 2016 
Request 
46,755 
76,444 
16,500 
-16,500 
9,980 
22,784 
17,206 
80,555 --------------
253,724 
89,381 
12,685 
102,066 
21,567 
18,559 
56,851 
75,410 
59,671 
7 '125 
48,000 
114,796 
-48,000 
-48,000 
10,868 
11,879 
29,356 ____________ ,. .. 
118,899 
22,220 
51,252 
--------------73,472 
59,341 
19,946 
25,495 
15,786 
-----~----
120,568 Bi 11 
43,239 
79,000 
9,838 
21,321 
15,131 
77,245 
.. -.. --------
245.774 
89,381 
12,530 
101.911 
21,458 
18,264 
48,697 
66,961 
53,183 
32,500 
41 '126 ., ___________ 
126,809 
-32,500 
-32,500 
9,595 
10,586 
29,061 -
-
~-------------
143,551 
22,000 
45,658 
67,658 
46,125 
16,987 
25,325 
15,612 -----------
104,049 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-... ------
+37,043 
+37,043 
.... ----------
--------··-----
+8,000 
--------------+8,000 ------Bill vs. 
Request 
-3,516 
+2,556 
-16,500 
+16,500 
-142 
-1,463 
-2,075 
-3,310 
-7,950 
-155 
-155 
-109 
-295 
-8,154 
-8,449 
-6,488 
+25,375 
-6,874 
------* 
+12,013 
-32,500 
+48,000 
+15,500 
-1.273 
-1,293 
-295 
-----------+24,652 
-220 
-5,594 
---------------5,814 
-13,216 
-2,959 
-170 
-174 ---------
-16,519 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4702 June 25, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.013 H25JNPT1
1nsert graphic folio 452/2 EH25JN15.002rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Transportation and Facilities Maintenance: 
Annual maintenance ................................. . 
Deferred maintenance ............................... . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Workforce and Organizational Support: 
Admi ni strati ve support ............................. . 
Bureauwi de fixed costs ............................. . 
Information technology management .................. . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Challenge cost share ................................. . 
National landscape conservation system, base program .. 
Communication site management ....................... . 
Offsetting collections ............................... . 
Subtotal, Management of lands and resources ..... 
Mining Law Administration: 
Admi ni strati on ..................................... . 
Offsetting collections ............................. . 
Subtotal, Mining Law Administration ............ . 
Total, Management of Lands and Resources ....... . 
Land Acquisition 
Land Acquisition ..................................... . 
Emergencies, Hardships, and Inholdings ............... . 
Acquisition Management ............................... . 
Recreation a 1 Access .................................. . 
Total, Land acquisition ........................ . 
Western 
Western 
Western 
Western 
Western Oregon and California Grant Lands 
Oregon 
Oregon 
Oregon 
Oregon 
Oregon resources management .................. . 
information and resource data systems .. 
transportation & facilities maintenance 
construction and acquisition .......... . 
national monument ..................... . 
Total, Oregon and California Grant Lands ....... . 
Range Improvements 
Current appropriations ............................... . 
Service Charges, Deposits, and Forfeitures 
Service charges, deposits, and forfeitures ........... . 
Offsetting fees ...................................... . 
Total, Service Charges, Deposits & Forfeitures .. 
Miscellaneous Trust Funds and Permanent Operating 
Funds 
Current appropriations ............................... . 
TOTAL, BUREAU OF LAND MANAGEMENT ............... . 
(Mandatory) ................................ . 
(Discretionary) ............................ . FY 2015 
Enacted 
38,637 
26,995 
65,632 
47' 127 
91,010 
25,696 
163,833 
2,413 
31,819 
2,000 
-2,000 
--------------
970,016 
39,696 
-57,000 
--------------
-17,304 
--------------
952,712 
14,226 
1 ,616 
1,904 
2,000 
--------------
19,746 
101,423 
1, 772 
9,517 
312 
753 
113,777 
10,000 
32,465 
-32,465 
24,000 
1,120,235 
(34,000) 
(1,086,235) FY 2016 
Request 
38,942 
31,387 
70,329 
50,942 
93,645 
25,958 
170,545 
12,416 
48,470 
2,000 
-2,000 
--------------
1,067,466 
39,696 
-56,000 
--------------
-16' 304 
--------------
1 ,051 '162 
30,384 
1,616 
2,000 
4,000 
-------------~ 
38,000 
95,255 
1. 786 
9,602 
324 
767 
107,734 
10,000 
31,050 
-31,050 
24,000 
1,230,896 
(34,000) 
(1,196,896) Bill 
38,637 
26,995 
65,632 
47,127 
91,010 
25,696 
163,833 
2,400 
31,819 
2,000 
-2,000 
--------------
1,015,046 
39,696 
-56,000 
--------------
-16,304 --------------
998,742 
2,500 
1 ,000 
1. 750 
2,000 
--------------
7,250 
98,248 
1, 772 
9,517 
312 
753 
110,602 
10,000 
31,050 
-31,050 
24,000 
1,150,594 
(34,000) 
(1,116,594) Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-13 
--------------
+45,030 
+1,000 
---------- .. ---
+1,000 --------------
+46,030 
-11 '726 
-616 
154 
--------------
-12,496 
-3,175 
-3,175 
-1,415 
+1,415 
+30,359 
(+30,359) Bill vs. 
Request 
-305 
-4,392 
-4,697 
-3,815 
-2,635 
-262 
-6.712 
-10,016 
-16,651 
--------------
-52,420 
------·--------52,420 
-27,884 
-616 
-250 
-2,000 
-----------30,750 
+2,993 
-14 
-85 -12 
-14 
+2,868 
-80,302 
(-80,302) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4703 June 25, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.013 H25JNPT1
1nsert graphic folio 452/3 EH25JN15.003rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
UNITED STATES FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE 
Resource Management 
Ecological Services (FY 2015 Structure}: 
Endangered species: 
Candidate conservation ........................... . 
Listing and critical habitat ..................... . 
Consultation and HCPs ............................ . 
Recovery ......................................... . 
Subtotal ..................................... . 
Habitat conservation: 
Partners for fish and wildlife ................... . 
Conservation planning assistance ................. . 
Coastal programs ................................. . 
National wetlands inventory ...................... . 
Subtotal ..................................... . 
Environmental contaminants ......................... . 
Subtotal, Ecological services .................. . 
Ecological Services (Proposed FY 2016 Structure): 
Listing ............................................ . 
Planning and consultation .......................... . 
Conservation and restoration ....................... . 
(National Wetlands Inventory) .................... . 
(Coastal Barrier Resources Act) .................. . 
Recovery ........................................... . FY 2015 
Enacted 
12,030 
20,515 
62,550 
77. 916 
173,011 
51' 776 
33,014 
13,184 
4,861 
102,835 
9,557 
285,403 FY 2016 
Request 
23,002 
108,943 
126,298 
(4,871) 
(1 ,390) 
Subtotal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 258, 243 
Habitat conservation (Proposed FY 2016 Structure): Bill vs. 
Bill Enacted 
-12,030 
-20,515 
-62,550 
-77,916 
-173,011 
-51,776 
-33,014 
-13,184 
-4,861 
-102,835 
-9,557 
**~-~----~ --------------285,403 
10,257 +10,257 
100,787 +100,787 
33,396 +33,396 
(3,721) (+3,721) 
(1,390) (+1,390) 
87,480 +87,480 
-------------- --------------
231,920 +231,920 Bill vs. 
Request 
--------------
-12,745 
-8' 156 
-92,902 
( -1 '150) 
+87,480 
--------------
-26,323 
Partners for fish and wildlife...................... 52,393 51,776 +51, 776 -617 
Coastal programs.................................... 13,375 13,375 +13,375 
Subtotal........................................ 65,768 65,151 +65,151 -617 
National Wildlife Refuge System: 
Wildlife and habitat management .................... . 230,343 249,832 230,343 -19,489 
Vi sit or services ................................... . 70,319 76,792 70,819 +500 -5,973 
Refuge law enforcement ............................. . 38,054 38,959 38,959 +905 
Conservation planning .............................. . 2,988 2,665 3,023 +35 +358 
Refuge maintenance ................................. . 132,498 139,910 139,910 +7,412 
---------------------- --......... -.. ----------------- --------------
Subtotal ....................................... . 474,202 508,158 483,054 +8,852 -25' 104 
Conservation and Enforcement: 
Migratory bird management. . . ................... . 46,468 53,602 47,718 +1,250 -5,884 
Law enforcement .................................. . 66,737 75,423 73' 772 +7,035 -1.651 
International affairs ............................ . 14,506 14,696 14,599 +93 -97 
Science support .................................. . 16,985 -16,985 
--~~---~~-- -------------- -------------- -------------- --------------
Subtotal ..................................... . 144,696 143,721 136,089 -8,607 -7,632 
Fish and Aquatic Conservation: 
National fish hatchery system operations ........... . 52,860 53,418 52,418 -442 -1,000 
Maintenance and equipment .................. , ....... . 17.920 19,920 19,920 +2,000 
Aquatic habitat and species conservation ........... . 76,668 74' 152 70,250 -6,418 -3,902 
-------------- -------------- -------------- --------------Subtotal ....................................... . 147,448 147,490 142,588 -4,860 -4,902 
Cooperative landscape conservation ................... . 13.988 17.869 6,994 -6,994 -10,875 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4704 June 25, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.013 H25JNPT1
1nsert graphic folio 452/4 EH25JN15.004rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Science Support: 
Adaptive science ................................... . 
Service science .................................... . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
General Operations: 
Central office operations .......................... . 
Regional office operations ......................... . 
Servi cewi de bill paying ............................ . 
National Fish and Wildlife Foundation .............. . 
National Conservation Training Center .............. . 
Health benefits for seasonal employees ............. . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Total, Resource Management ..................... . 
Construction 
Construction and rehabilitation: 
Line item construction projects .................... . 
Bridge and dam safety programs ..................... . 
Nationwide engineering service ..................... . 
Total , Construction ............................ . 
Land Acquisition 
Acquisitions ....................................... . 
Emergencies, Hardships, and Inhol dings ............. . 
Exchanges .......................................... . 
Acquisition Management ............................. . 
Highlands Conservation Act Grants .................. . 
Recreational Access ................................ . 
Land Protection Planning. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..... . 
Total, Land Acquisition ........................ . 
Cooperative Endangered Species Conservation Fund 
Grants and administration: 
Conservation grants ................................ . 
HCP assistance grants .............................. . 
Admi ni strati on ..................................... . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Land acquisition: 
Species recovery land acquisition .................. . 
HCP land acquisition grants to states .............. . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Total, Cooperatiave Endangered Species 
Conservation Fund ............................ . 
National Wildlife Refuge Fund 
Payments in 1 i au of taxes ............................ . 
North American Wetlands Conservation Fund 
North American Wetlands Conservation Fund. 
Neotropical Migratory Bird Conservation 
Migratory bird grants ................................ . FY 2015 
Enacted 
39,985 
37,722 
35,227 
7,022 
21 '965 
141 ,921 ........ --.... --.. ---
1,207,658 
6,554 
1 '972 
7' 161 
15,687 
25,071 
5,351 
1,500 
12,613 
3,000 
--------------
47,535 
10,508 
9,485 
2,702 
22,695 
9,462 
17.938 
27,400 
50,095 
13,228 
34,145 
3,660 FY 2016 
Request 
15' 159 
16,516 
31,675 
42,257 41,798 
35,898 
7,022 
25,830 
1 '103 
153,908 --------------
1,326,832 
11,554 
1. 972 
7,286 
20,812 
35,911 
5,351 
1,500 
12,773 
2,500 
465 
--------------
58,500 
10,508 
7,390 
3,002 
20,900 
11 '162 
17,938 
29' 100 
50,000 
34' 145 
4,160 Bill 
5,259 
6,468 
11,727 
39,985 
37,722 
35' 177 
7,022 
22,914 
--------
142,820 -
--------------
1,220,343 
4,011 
1 '972 
7' 161 
13,144 
9,000 
2,500 
1 ,000 
10,000 
3,000 
2,000 
--------------
27,500 
10,508 
9,485 
2,702 
22,695 
9,462 
17.938 
27,400 
50,095 
13,228 
35,000 
3,660 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+5,259 
+6,468 
+11,727 
-50 
+949 
----- .... -----
+899 
--------------+12,685 
-2,543 
-2,543 
-16,071 
-2,851 
-500 
-2,613 
+2,000 
.. --------- .. ---
-20,035 
+855 Bill vs. 
Request 
-9,900 
-10,048 
-19,948 
-2,272 
-4,076 
-721 
-2,916 
-1.103 
-11 ,088 
-106' 489 
-7,543 
-125 
-7,668 
-26,911 
-2,851 
-500 
-2,773 
+3,000 
-500 
-465 
--------------
-31,000 
+2,095 
-300 
+1,795 
-1,700 
-1,700 
+95 
+13,228 
+855 
-500 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4705 June 25, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.013 H25JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 452/5 EH25JN15.005rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Multinational Species Conservation Fund 
African elephant conservation fund ................... . 
Rhinoceros and tiger conservation fund ............... . 
Asian elephant conservation fund ..................... . 
Great ape conservation fund .......................... . 
Marine turtle conservation fund ...................... . 
Total, Multinational Species Conservation Fund .. 
State and Tribal Wildlife Grants 
State wildlife grants (formula) ...................... . 
State wildlife grants (competitive) .................. . 
Tribal wi 1 dl i fe grants ............................... . 
Total, State and tribal wildlife grants ........ . 
TOTAL, U.S. FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE .......... . 
NATIONAL PARK SERVICE 
Operation of the National Park System 
Park Management: 
Resource stewardship ............................... . 
Vi sit or services ................................... . 
Park protection .................................... . 
Facility operations and maintenance ................ . 
Park support ....................................... . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
External administrative costs ........................ . 
Total, Operation of the National Park System .... 
National Recreation and Preservation 
Recreation programs .................................. . 
Natural programs ..................................... . 
Cultural programs .................................... . 
International park affairs ........................... . 
Environmental and compliance review .................. . 
Grant admi ni strati on ................................. . 
Heritage Partnership Programs ........................ . 
Total, National Recreation and Preservation ..... 
Historic Preservation Fund 
State historic preservation offices .................. . 
Tribal grants ........................................ . 
Competitive grants ................................. . 
New Grants to Historically Black Colleges and 
Universities ....................................... . 
Total, Historic Preservation Fund .............. . 
Construction 
General Program: 
Line item construction and maintenance ............. . 
Emergency and unscheduled .......................... . 
Housing ........................................ ,., .. 
Dam safety ......................................... . FY 2015 
Enacted 
1,582 
2,440 
1 '557 
1 '975 
1 '507 
9,061 
49' 124 
5,487 
4,084 
58,695 
1,439,764 
317' 207 
242,986 
348,802 
697,312 
489,462 -----.. --~--
2,095,769 
180,004 
--------------
2,275,773 
589 
13,560 
24,562 
1 ,648 
433 
2,004 
20,321 
--------------
63,117 
46,925 
8,985 
500 
--------------
56,410 
61 ,678 
3,855 
2,200 
1 ,248 FY 2016 
Request 
2,582 
3,440 
1 '557 
1 '975 
1 '507 
11,061 
51,000 
13,000 
6,000 
70,000 
1,575,510 
351,242 
276,935 
359,034 
848,944 
498,373 
~"' ..... -..... -.... -...... 
2,334,528 
180,603 
--------------
2,515,131 
858 
13,743 
25,502 
1 ,667 
440 
2,037 
9,952 
--------------
54' 199 
46,925 
9,985 
30,500 
2,500 
--------------
89,910 
153,344 
3,855 
2,200 
1,248 Bi 11 
1,832 
2,690 
1 '557 
1 '975 
1 '507 
9,561 
49' 124 
5,987 
4,084 
59,195 
1,431,726 
321,483 
251,447 
351 '953 
731 '355 
491 '569 
........................... 
2,147,807 
180,004 
--------------
2,327,811 
589 
13,560 
24,562 
1 '648 
433 
2,004 
19,671 
--------------
62,467 
46,925 
8,985 
5,000 
--------------
60,910 
62,894 
3,855 
2,200 
1,248 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+250 
+250 
+500 
+500 
+500 
-8,038 
+4,276 
+8,461 
+3, 151 
+34,043 
+2, 
107 
*---.. ---------
+52,038 
--------------
+52,038 
-650 
--------------
-650 
+4,500 
--------------
+4,500 
+1,216 Bill vs. 
Request 
-750 
-750 
-1,500 
-1,876 
-7,013 
-1 ,916 
-10' 805 
-143,784 
-29,759 
-25,488 
-7,081 
-117,589 
-6,804 -----.. ----
-186,721 
-599 
--------------
-187,320 
-269 
-183 
-940 
-19 
-7 
-33 
+9,719 
--------------
+8,268 
-1,000 
-25,500 
-2,500 
--------------
-29,000 
-90,450 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4706 June 25, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.013 H25JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 452/6 EH25JN15.006rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Equipment replacement .............................. . 
Planning, construction ............................. . 
Construction program management .................... . 
General management plans ........................... . 
Total, Construction ............................ . 
Land and Water Conservation Fund (rescission of 
contract authority) ................................ . 
Land Acquisition and State Assistance 
Assistance to States: 
State conservation grants (formula) ................ . 
State conservation grants (competitive) ............ . 
Admi ni strati ve expenses ............................ . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
National Park Service: 
Acquisitions ....................................... . 
Recreational Access ................................ . 
American Battlefield Protection Program ............ . 
Emergencies, Hardships, Relocations, and 
Defi ci enci es ..................................... . 
Acquisition Management ............................. . 
Inholdings, Donations, and Exchanges ............... . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Total, Land Acquisition and State Assistance .... 
Centennial Challenge .. , .............................. . 
TOTAL, NATIONAL PARK SERVICE ................... . 
UNITED STATES GEOLOGICAL SURVEY 
Surveys, Investigations, and Research 
Ecosystems: 
Status and trends .................................. . 
Fisheries: Aquatic and endangered resources ........ . 
Wildlife: Terrestrial and endangered resources ..... . 
Terrestrial, Freshwater and marine environments .... . 
Invasive species ................................... . 
Cooperative research units ......................... . 
Total, Ecosystems .............................. . 
Climate and Land Use Change: 
Climate variability: 
Climate science centers .......................... . 
Climate research and development ................. . 
Carbon sequestration ............................. . 
Subtotal ..................................... . 
Land Use Change: 
Land remote sensing .............................. . 
Land change science. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. 
Subtotal ..................................... . 
Total, Climate and Land Use Change ........... . FY 2015 
Enacted 
13,500 
7,266 
36,771 
11,821 
*~~--~w-------
138,339 
-28,000 
42,000 
3,000 
3,117 
--------------
48,117 
23,475 
8,986 
3,928 
9,526 
4,928 ---------
50,843 
--------------
98,960 
10,000 
2,614,599 
20,473 
20,886 
45,257 
36,224 
16,830 
17,371 -----------
157,041 
26,735 
21,495 
9,359 --------
57,589 
67,894 
10,492 
78,386 
135,975 -FY 2016 
Request 
13,500 
16,520 
48,330 
11,970 
--------------250,967 
-30,000 
45,000 
5,000 
3,161 
--------------
53,161 
34,818 
2,000 
8,986 
3,928 
9,679 
4,928 
------------64,339 
--------------
-117' 500 
50,000 
3,047,707 
22' 178 
25,422 
46,671 42,755 
19,281 
19,992 ---.. --.. -.... -"' 
176' 299 
37,403 
26,656 
18,513 ----------
82,572 
97,531 
11 ,725 
109,256 
191,828 Bi 11 
13,500 
7,266 
36,771 
11,821 
--------------139,555 
-28,000 
42,000 
3,000 
3' 117 
--------------
48,117 
9,000 
2,000 
9,000 
2,500 
9,250 
4,500 ---------
36,250 
--------------84,367 
20,000 
2,667,110 
20,473 
19,886 
44,257 
35,224 
16,830 
17,371 .... ______ -----
154,041 
26,435 
20,495 
9,359 
----------
56,289 
72,194 
10,492 
82,686 
138,975 Bi 11 vs. 
Enacted 
--------------+1,216 
--------------
-14,475 
+2,000 
+14 
-1,428 
-276 
-428 
-14,593 
--~-----------
-14,593 
+10,000 
+52,511 
-1,000 
-1,000 
-1,000 
-----.. --------
-3,000 
-300 
-1,000 
-------------
-1,300 
+4,300 
+4,300 
+3,000 Bill vs. 
Request 
-9,254 
-11 '559 
-149 
---------------111 '412 
+2,000 
-3,000 
-2,000 
-44 
--------------
-5,044 
-25,818 
+14 
-1,428 
-429 
-428 
-28,089 
--------------
-33,133 
-30,000 
-380,597 
-1,705 
-5,536 
-2,414 
-7,531 
-2,451 
-2,621 
.. ------------
-22,258 
-10,968 
-6' 161 
-9' 154 ------- .. -----
-26,283 
-25,337 
-1,233 
-26,570 
-52,853 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4707 June 25, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.013 H25JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 452/7 EH25JN15.007rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Energy, Minerals, and Environmental Health: 
Minerals resources ................................. . 
Energy resources ................................... . 
Contaminant biology ................................ . 
Toxic substances hydrology ......................... . 
Total, Energy, Minerals, and Env Health ........ . 
Natural Hazards: 
Earthquake hazards ................................. . 
Vo 1 cano hazards .................................... . 
Landslide hazards .................................. . 
Global seismographic network ....................... . 
Geomagnetism ............. , ......................... . 
Coastal and marine geology ......................... . 
Total, Natural Hazards ........................ . 
Water Resources: 
Groundwater resources .............................. . 
National water quality assessment .................. . 
National streamflow information program ............ . 
Hydrologic research and development ................ . 
Hydrologic networks and analysis ................... . 
Cooperative Water Program .......................... . 
Water Availability and Use Science Program ......... . 
Groundwater and Streamflow Information Program ..... . 
National Water Quality Program ..................... . 
Water Resources Research Act Program ............... . 
Total , Water Resources ......................... . 
Core Science Systems: 
Science, synthesis, analysis, and research ......... . 
National cooperative geological mapping ............ . 
National Geospatial Program ........................ . 
Total, Core Science Systems .................... . 
Science Support: 
Administration and Management ...................... . 
Information Services ................ , .............. . 
Total. Science Support ......................... . 
Facilities: 
Rental payments and operations & maintenance ....... . 
Deferred maintenance and capital improvement ....... . 
Total, Facilities .............................. . 
TOTAL, UNITED STATES GEOLOGICAL SURVEY ......... . 
BUREAU OF OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT 
Ocean Energy Management 
Renewable energy ..................................... . 
Convention a 
1 energy .................................. . 
Environmental assessment ............................. . 
General support services ............................. . 
Executive direction .................................. . 
Subtotal ......................... . FY 2015 
Enacted 
45,931 
24,895 
10,197 
11,248 
92,271 
59,503 
25' 121 
3,485 
4,853 
1 ,888 
40,336 
--------------
135,186 
11.348 
59,459 
34,901 
11 ,215 
30,134 
57,710 
6,500 
211,267 
24,299 
24,397 
58,532 
--------------
107,228 
84,192 
21,419 
--------------
105,611 
93,141 
7,280 
100,421 
1,045,000 
23' 104 
49,633 
65,712 
15,002 
16,319 
169,770 FY 2016 
Request 
47,717 
28,068 
12,070 
15,447 
103,302 
57,952 
25,709 
4,039 
9,799 
3,624 
45,230 
--------------146,353 
46,758 
73,533 
96,087 
6,500 
222,878 
25,897 
25,339 
75,731 
--------------
126,967 
90,599 
22,229 
--------------
112,828 
107,047 
7,280 
114,327 
1,194,782 
24,278 
59,869 
68,045 
18,665 
170 '857 Bill 
45,931 
24,895 
10,197 
11 ,248 
92,271 
59,503 
25,121 
3,485 
4,853 
1,888 
40,336 
--------------
135,186 
40,919 
69,707 
94,141 
6,500 
211,267 
24,299 
24,397 
58,532 
--------------
107,228 
84,192 
21,419 
--------------
105,611 
93' 141 
7,280 
100,421 
1,045,000 
23,104 
49,633 
63,212 
15,002 
16,319 
167,270 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
--------------
-11,348 
-59,459 
-34,901 
-11,215 
-30,134 
-57,710 
+40,919 
+69,707 
+94,141 
--------------
--------------
-2,500 
-2,500 Bill vs. 
Request 
-1,786 
-3,173 
-1,873 
-4,199 
-11 '031 
+1,551 
-588 
-554 
-4,946 
-1,736 -4,894 
--------------
-11 ,167 
-5,839 
-3,826 -1,946 
-11 '611 
-1 ,598 
-942 
-17' 199 
--------------
-19,739 
-6,407 
-810 --------------
-7' 217 
-13,906 
-13,906 
-149,782 
-1 '174 
-10,236 
-4,833 
+15,002 
-2,346 
-3,587 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4708 June 25, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.013 H25JNPT1
1nsert graphic folio 452/8 EH25JN15.008rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Offsetting rental receipts ........................... . 
Cost recovery fees ................................... . 
Subtotal, offsetting collections ............... . 
TOTAL, BUREAU OF OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT ....... . 
BUREAU OF SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENFORCEMENT 
Offshore Safety and Environmental Enforcement 
Environmental enforcement ............................ . 
Operations, safety and regulation .................... . 
Administrative operations ............................ . 
General support services ............................. . 
Executive direction .................................. . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Offsetting rental receipts ........................... . 
Inspection fees ...................................... . 
Cost recovery fees ................................... . 
Subtotal, offsetting collections ............... . 
Total, Offshore Safety and Environmental 
Enforcement .................................. . 
Oil Spill Research 
Oil spi 11 research ................................... . 
TOTAL, BUREAU OF SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL 
ENFORCEMENT .................................. . 
OFFICE OF SURFACE MINING RECLAMATION AND ENFORCEMENT 
Regulation and Technology 
Environmental protection ............................. . 
Permit fees ...................................... . 
Offsetting collections ........................... . 
Technology development and transfer .................. . 
Financial management ................................. . 
Executive direction .................................. . 
Civil penalties (indefinite) ......................... . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Civil penalties (offsetting collections) ............. . 
Total, Regulation and Technology ............... . 
Abandoned Mine Reclamation Fund 
Environmental restoration ............................ . 
Technology development and transfer .................. . 
Financial management. ................................ . FY 2015 
Enacted 
-94,868 
-2,480 
-97,348 FY 2016 
Request 
-92,961 
-3,661 
-96,622 Bill 
-92,961 
-3,661 
-96,622 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+1,907 
-1 '181 
+726 Bill vs. 
Request 
============== ============== ============== ============== ============== 
72' 422 74,235 70,648 -1 '774 -3,587 
============== ============== ============== ============== ============== 
8,314 
133,597 
15,676 
13,912 
18,227 
189,726 
-50,412 
-65,000 
-8' 167 
~~~~-~--~ 
-123,579 
66,147 
14,899 151,768 
18,268 
19,736 
189,772 
-49,399 
-65,000 
-7,808 
--------
-122,207 
67,565 
14,899 8,314 
133,094 
15,676 
13,912 
17' 358 
188,354 
-49,399 
-59,000 
-7,808 
-~--~------- .... 
-116,207 
72,147 
14,899 -503 
-869 
-1,372 
+1 ,013 
+6,000 
+359 
+7,372 
+6,000 +8,314 
-18,674 
-2,592 
+13,912 
-2,378 
-1 ,418 
+6,000 
+6,000 
+4,582 
============== ============== ============== ============== ============== 
81,046 
91,832 
40 
-40 
14,455 
505 
15,921 
100 
122,813 
100 
122,713 
9,480 
3,544 
6,396 82,464 
91,880 
1 '900 
-1,900 
20,086 
711 
15' 711 
100 
128,488 
-100 ---- ~-.. -
128,388 
11,431 
6,283 
6,477 -87,046 
91,832 
40 
-40 
15,205 
505 
15' 711 
100 
123,353 
-100 
----------~-123,253 
9,480 
3,544 
6,396 +6,000 
+750 
-210 
+540 
+540 +4,582 
-48 
-1 '860 
+1 ,860 
-4,881 
-206 
-5,135 
-5' 135 
-1 '951 
-2,739 
-81 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4709 June 25, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.013 H25JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 452/9 EH25JN15.009rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Executive direction .................................. . 
State grants ......................................... . 
Total, Abandoned Mine Reclamation Fund ......... . 
TOTAL, OFFICE OF SURFACE MINING RECLAMATION AND 
ENFORCEMENT .................................. . 
BUREAU OF INDIAN AFFAIRS AND BUREAU OF INDIAN 
EDUCATION 
Operation of Indian Programs 
Tribal Budget System 
Tribal Government: 
Aid to tribal government ........................... . 
Consolidated tribal government program ............. . 
Self governance compacts ........................... . 
Contract support ................................... . 
Indian self determination fund ..................... . 
New tribes ......................................... . 
Small and needy tribes ............................. . 
Road maintenance ................................... . 
Tribal government program oversight ................ . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Human Services: 
Social services .................................... . 
Welfare assistance ................................. . 
Indian child welfare act ........................... . 
Housing improvement program ............... , ........ . 
Human services tribal design ....................... . 
Human services program oversight ................... . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Trust -Natural Resources Management: 
Natural resources, general ......................... . 
Irrigation operations and maintenance .............. . 
Rights protection implementation ................... . 
Tribal management/development program .............. . 
Endangered species ................................. . 
Cooperative landscape conservation ................. . 
Integrated resource information program ............ . 
Agriculture and range .............................. . 
Forestry, .. , , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ............... , ... . 
Water resources .................. , ................. . 
Fish, wildlife and parks ........................... . 
Resource management program oversight .............. . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Trust -Real Estate Services ........................ . 
Education: 
Elementary and secondary programs (forward funded) .. 
(Tribal grant support costs) ..................... . 
Post secondary programs (forward funded) ........... . 
Subtotal, forward funded education ............. . FY 2015 
Enacted 
7,979 
27,399 
150,112 
24,614 
76,348 
158,767 
246,000 
5,000 
463 
1 ,845 
26,461 
8' 181 
--------------547,679 
40,871 
74,809 
15,433 
8,oog 
407 
3' 105 
142,634 
5,089 
11,359 
35,420 
9,244 
2,675 
9,948 
2,996 
30,494 
47,735 
10,297 
13,577 
6,018 
--------------
184,852 
127,002 
536,897 
(62,395) 
69,793 
606,690 FY 2016 
Request 
7,883 
32,074 
160,462 
24,833 
77,088 
162,321 
272,000 
5,000 
464 
3,095 
26,693 
12,273 
--------------583,767 
47' 179 
74,791 
15,641 
8,021 
246 
3' 126 
149,004 
8,168 
12,898 
40' 138 
14,263 
3,684 
30,355 
3,996 
30,751 
51,914 
14,917 
15,646 
6,066 
--------------
232,796 
143,686 
565' 517 
(75,335) 
69,793 
635,310 Bi 11 
7,883 
30,000 
57,303 
180,556 
24,614 
76,348 
158,767 
272,000 
5,000 
463 
1 ,845 
26,693 
8,181 
--------------573,911 
41,871 
74,809 
15' 433 
8,009 
407 
3' 105 
143,634 
5,089 
11 '359 
35,420 
9,244 
2,675 
9,948 
2,9g6 
30,494 
47,735 
10,297 
13' 577 
6,018 --------------
184,852 
125,817 
550,034 
(75,335) 
69,793 
619,827 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-96 
+30,000 
+29,904 
+30,444 
+26,000 
+232 
+26,232 
+1,000 
+1,000 
--------------
-1 '185 
+13' 137 
(+12,940} 
+13, 137 Bill vs. 
Request 
+30,000 
+25,229 
+20,094 
-219 
-740 
-3,554 
-1 
-1,250 
-4,092 
-9,856 
-5,308 
+18 
-208 
-12 
+161 
-21 
-5,370 
-3,079 
-1,539 
-4,718 
-5,019 
-1,009 
-20,407 
-1,000 
-257 
-4' 179 
-4,620 
-2,069 
-48 
---------------47,944 
-17,869 
-15,483 
-15,483 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4710 June 25, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.013 H25JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 452/10 EH25JN15.010rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT DF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Elementary and secondary programs .................. . 
Post secondary programs ............................ . 
Education management ............................... . 
Subtotal, Education .................. , ......... . 
Public Safety and Justice: 
Law enforcement .................................... . 
Tribal courts ...................................... . 
Fire protection .................................... . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Community and economic development ................... . 
Executive direction and administrative services ...... . 
(housing improvement, road maint, etc. in bill lang) .. 
Total, Operation of Indian Programs ............ . 
Construction 
Education ............................................ . 
Public safety and justice ............................ . 
Resources management ................................. . 
General admi ni strati on ............................... . 
Tot a 1 , Canst ruction ............................ . 
Indian Land and Water Claim Settlements and 
Miscellaneous Payments to Indians 
White Earth Land Settlement Act (Admin) (P.L.99-264) .. 
Hoopa-Yurok Settlement Fund (P.L.96-420)(P.L.100-580). 
Pyramid Lake Water Rights Settlement (P.L.101-618) .... 
Navajo Water Resources Development Trust Fund 
(P .L.111-11) ....................................... . 
Navajo Gallup Water Settlement (P.L.111-11) .......... . 
Taos Pueblo Water Rights Settlement (P.L.111-291) .... . 
Aamodt Settlement (P. L 111-291) ...................... . 
Total, Indian Land and Water Claim Settlements 
and Miscellaneous Payments to Indians ........ . 
Indian Guaranteed Loan Program Account 
Indian guaranteed loan program account ............... . 
TOTAL, BUREAU OF INDIAN AFFAIRS AND INDIAN 
EDUCATION .................................... . 
DEPARTMENTAL OFFICES 
Office of the Secretary 
Leadership and admi ni strati on ........................ . 
Management servi cas .................................. . 
New Coastal Resilience Fund .......................... . 
Office of Natural Resources Revenue .................. . 
Payments in Lieu of Taxes (PILT) .................... .. 
Total, Office of the Secretary ................. . FY 2015 
Enacted 
119,195 
64' 182 
20,464 
810,531 
328,296 
23,280 
1 '274 
352,850 
35,996 
227,692 
(48,553) 
--------------
2,429,236 
74,501 
11,306 
34,427 
8,642 
--------------
128,876 
625 
250 
142 
4,000 
9,000 
15,392 
6,246 
--------------
35,655 
7,731 
2,601,498 
122,885 
20,747 
121 ,631 
265,263 FY 2016 
Request 
142,361 
69,412 
57,381 
904,464 
334,976 
28' 173 
1,274 
364,423 
40,619 
241,832 
(46,663) --------------
2,660,591 
133,245 
11,306 
34,488 
9,934 
--------------
188,973 
625 
250 
142 
4,000 
17,800 
29,212 
15,627 
--------------
67,656 
7,748 
2,924,968 
128,256 
20,966 
50,000 
128,717 
327,939 Bi 11 
139,195 
64,182 
30,956 
854' 160 
331,304 
24,780 
1,274 
357,358 
40,505 
225,433 
(48,785) 
--------------
2,505,670 
133,245 
11,306 
34,427 
8,642 
--------------
187,620 
625 
250 
142 
4,000 
15,556 
29,212 
15,627 
--------------
65,412 
7,731 
2,766,433 
119,013 
20,747 
125,519 
452,000 
717' 279 Bill VS. 
Enacted 
+20,000 
+10,492 
+43,629 
+3,008 
+1,500 
+4,508 
+4,509 
-2,259 
{+232) 
--------------+76,434 
+58,744 
--------------
+58,744 
+6,556 
+13,820 
+9,381 
--------------
+29,757 
+164,935 
-3,872 
+3,888 
+452,000 
+452,016 Bill vs. 
Request 
-3,166 
-5,230 
-26,425 
-50,304 
-3,672 
-3,393 
-7,065 
-114 
-16,399 
(+2, 122) 
--------------
-154,921 
-61 
-1,292 
--------------
-1,353 
-2,244 
--------------
-2,244 
-17 
-158,535 
-9,243 
-219 
-50,000 
-3' 198 
+452,000 
+389,340 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4711 June 25, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.013 H25JNPT1
1nsert graphic folio 452/11 EH25JN15.011rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Insular Affairs 
Assistance to Territories 
Territorial Assistance 
Office of Insular Affairs .......................... . 
Technical assistance ............................... . 
Maintenance assistance fund ........................ . 
Brown tree snake ................................... . 
Coral reef i nit i ati ve .............................. . 
Empowering Insular Communities .............. . 
Compact impact ..................................... . 
Subtotal, Territorial Assistance ............... . 
American Samoa operations grants ..................... . 
Northern Marianas covenant grants .................... . 
Total, Assistance to Territories ............... . 
(discretionary) .............................. . 
(mandatory) .................................. . 
Compact of Free Association 
Compact of Free Association- Federal services ....... . 
Enewetak support ..................................... . 
Compact payments, Pal au .............................. . 
Total, Compact of Free Association ............. . 
Total, Insular Affairs ......................... . 
(discretionary) .............................. . 
(mandatory) .................................. . 
Office of the Solicitor 
Leg a 1 services ....................................... . 
General admi ni strati on ............................... . 
Ethics ............................................... . 
Total, Office of the Soli cit or ................. . 
Office of Inspector General 
Audit and investigations ............................. . 
Administrative services and information management ... . 
Total, Office of Inspector General ............. . 
Office of Special Trustee for American Indians 
Federal Trust Programs 
Program operations, support, and improvements ........ . 
(Office of Historical Accounting) ................ . 
Executive direction .................................. . 
Total, Office of Special Trustee for American 
Indians. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..................... . 
TOTAL, DEPARTMENTAL OFFICES .................... . 
(Discretionary) ............................ . 
(Mandatory) ................................ . FY 2015 
Enacted 
9,448 
14,504 
1,081 
3,500 
1 ,000 
2,971 
3,000 
35,504 
22,752 
27,720 
85,976 
(58,256) 
(27,720) 
2,818 
500 
13,147 
16,465 
102,441 
(74, 721) 
(27,720) 
59,091 
4,971 
1, 738 
-~-~----~-~--· 
65,800 
37,538 
12,509 
50,047 
136,998 
(23,061) 
2,031 
139,029 FY 2016 
Request 
10,184 
24,239 
5,000 
3,000 
1 '000 
4,421 
1 '344 
49,188 
22,752 
27,720 
99,660 
(71 '940) 
(27,720) 
2,818 
500 
3,318 
102,978 
(75,258) 
(27 ,720) 
63,167 
4,982 
1, 739 
-------~------69,888 
39,503 
12,721 
52,224 
140,938 
(22, 120) 
2,040 
142,978 Bill 
9,448 
14,504 
1 '081 
3,500 
1,000 
2,971 
3,000 
35,504 
22,752 
27,720 
85,976 
(58,256) 
(27,720) 
2,818 
500 
3,318 
89,294 
(61 '574) 
(27,720) 
58,500 
4,921 
1, 721 --------------
65' 142 
37,538 
12,509 
50,047 
136,998 
(22, 120) 
2,031 
139,029 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-13' 147 
-13,147 
-13,147 
( -13,147) 
-591 
-50 
-17 ----- ... -... --.... --
-658 
( -941) Bill vs. 
Request 
-736 
-9,735 
-3,919 
+500 
-1 '450 
+1,656 
-13,684 
-13,684 
(-13,684) 
-13,684 
(-13,684) 
-4,667 
-61 
-18 --.. ----.. -.... --.. 
-4,746 
-1,965 
-212 
-2,177 
-3,940 
-9 
-3,949 
============== ============== ============== ============== ============== 
622,580 
(594,860) 
(27,720) 696,007 
(668' 287) 
(27,720) 1,060,791 
(1 ,033,071) 
(27 ,720) +438,211 
(+438.211) +364,784 
(+364,784) 
============== ============== ============== ============== ============== 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4712 June 25, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.013 H25JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 452/12 EH25JN15.012rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
DEPARTMENT-WIDE PROGRAMS 
Wildland Fire Management 
Fire Operations: 
Preparedness ....................................... . 
Fire suppression operations ........................ . 
Subtotal, Fire operations ...................... . 
Other Operations: 
Fuels Management ................................... . 
Resi 1 i ent Landscapes ............................... . 
Burned area rehabilitation ......................... . 
Fire facilities .................................... . 
Joint fire science ................................. . 
Subtotal, Other operations ..................... . 
Subtotal, Wildland fire management ............. . 
Total, Wildland fire management ................ . 
FLAME Wildfire Suppression Reserve Account 
FLAME wildfire suppression reserve account ........... . 
Total, all wildland fire accounts ............. . 
Suppression Cap Adjustment ........................... . 
Total, Wildland Fire Management with cap 
adjustment ................................... . 
Central Hazardous Materials Fund 
Central hazardous materials fund ..................... . 
Natural Resource Damage Assessment Fund 
Damage assessments ................................... . 
Program management ................................... . 
Restoration support .................................. . 
Oil Spill Preparedness ............................... . 
Total, Natural Resource Damage Assessment Fund .. 
Working Capital Fund ................................. . 
TOTAL, DEPARTMENT-WIDE PROGRAMS ................ . 
Appropriations ............................. . 
Disaster Relief cap adjustment ............. . 
TOTAL, TITLE I, DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR ..... . 
Appropriations ............................. . 
Rescissions of contract authority .......... . 
(Mandatory) .................................... . 
(Discretionary without cap adjustment) ......... . 
(Disaster Relief cap adjustment) ............... . FY 2015 
Enacted 
318,970 
291.657 
610,627 
164,000 
18,035 
6,127 
5,990 
~---------
194,152 
--------------804,779 
804,779 
92,000 
896,779 
896,779 
10,010 
2,500 
2,192 
2,075 
1 '000 ---------
7,767 
57,100 FY 2016 
Request 
323,685 
268,571 
592,256 
148,279 
30,000 
18,970 
10,000 
5,990 
--------------213,239 
--------------805,495 
805,495 
805,495 
200,000 
-~~-------
1,005,495 
10,011 
2,063 
2,466 
3,607 
1,100 ____ ,__,. _______ 
9,236 
74,462 Bill 
318,970 
291,673 
610,643 
164,000 
18,035 
6,127 
5,990 --------------
194,152 
--------------804,795 
804,795 
92,000 
896,795 
896,795 
10,010 
2,475 
2,170 
2,054 
990 
--------------7,689 
56,529 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+16 
+16 
--------------
+16 
+16 
+16 
_,. ___ ,. __ --
+16 
-25 
-22 
-21 
-10 
---------------78 
-571 Bill vs. 
Request 
-4,715 
+23,102 
+18,387 
+15,721 
-30,000 
-935 
-3,873 
-19,087 
-700 -700 
+92,000 
+91,300 
-200,000 -------------
-108,700 
-1 
+412 
-296 
-1,553 
-110 --------- .. ----
-1,547 
-17,933 
============== ============== ============== ============== ============== 
971,656 
(971 '656) 
10,718,912 
(10,746,912) 
(-28,000) 
(61. 720) 
( 10. 657. 192) 1,099,204 
(899,204) 
(200,000) 
12,086,235 
(12,116,235) 
(-30,000) 
(61 '720) 
(11 ,824,515) 
(200,000) 971.023 
(971,023) 
11,430,927 
(11,458,927) 
(-28,000) 
(61. 720) 
( 11 '369' 207) -633 
( -633) 
+712,015 
(+712,015) 
(+712,015) -128,181 
(+71,819) 
(-200,000) 
-655,308 
(-657,308) 
(+2,000) 
(-455,308) 
(-200,000) 
============== ============== ============== ============== ============== 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4713 June 25, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.013 H25JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 452/13 EH25JN15.013rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
TITLE II -ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY 
Science and Technology 
Clean Air and Climate ................................ . 
(Climate protection program) ....................... . 
Enforcement .......................................... . 
Hamel and security .................................... . 
Indoor air and Radiation ............................. . 
IT I Data management I Security ...................... . 
Operations and administration ........................ . 
Pesticide licensing .................................. . 
Research: Air, climate and energy .................... . 
Research: Chemical safety and sustainability ......... . 
(Research: Computational toxicology) .............. . 
(Research: Endocrine disrupter) ................... . 
Research: National priorities ........................ . 
Research: Safe and sustainable water resources ....... . 
Research: Sustainable and healthy communities ........ . 
Water: Human health protection ....................... . 
Total, Science and Technology .................. . 
(by transfer from Superfund) ................... . 
Environmental Programs and Management 
Brownfi el ds .......................................... . 
Clean air and climate ................................ . 
(Climate protection program) ....................... . 
Compliance ........................................... . 
Enforcement .......................................... . 
(Environmental justice) ............................ . 
Environmental protection: National priorities ........ . 
Geographic programs: 
Great Lakes Restoration Initiative ................. . 
Chesapeake Bay ..................................... . 
San Franci so Bay ................................... . 
Puget Sound ........................................ . 
Long Island Sound .................................. . 
Gulf of Me xi co ..................................... . 
South Florida ...................................... . 
Lake Champlain ..................................... . 
Lake Pontchartrai n ................................. . 
Southern New England Estuaries ..................... . 
Other geographic activities ........................ . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Homeland security .................................... . 
Indoor air and radiation ............................. . 
Information exchange I Outreach ..................... . 
(Children and other sensitive populations: 
Agency coordination) ............................. . 
(En vi ronmenta l education) .......................... . 
International programs ............................... . 
IT I Data management I Security ...................... . 
Legal/science/regulatory/economic review ............. . FY 2015 
Enacted 
116,541 
(8,018) 
13,669 
37,122 
5,997 
3,089 
68,339 
6,027 
91,906 
126,930 
(21 ,409) 
(16,253) 
4,100 
107,434 
149,975 
3,519 -.. ------------
734,648 
(18,850) 
25,593 
273,108 
(95,436) 
101,665 
240,637 
(6,737) 
12,700 
300,000 
73,000 
4,819 
28,000 
3,940 
4,482 
1. 704 
4,399 
948 
5,000 
1. 445 
427,737 
10,195 
27,637 
126,538 
(6,548) 
(8,702) 
15,400 
90,536 
111.414 FY 2016 
Request 
124,844 
(8 .124) 
14,398 
38,150 
6,615 
3,196 
79,170 
7,691 
100,342 
140,722 
(33,775) 
( 15, 417) 
111,022 
139,172 
3,766 
--------------769,088 
(16,217) 
29,599 
336,907 
( 109. 625) 
122,424 
269,256 
(13,971) 
250,000 
70,000 
3,988 
29,998 
2,893 
3,908 
1,340 
1. 399 
948 
5,000 
939 
370,413 
10,274 
30,277 
155,678 
(8,035) 
(10,969) 
16,561 
103,061 
138,786 Bill vs. 
Bill Enacted 
107.738 -8,803 
(8,018) 
13,125 -544 
37,122 
5,997 
3,089 
68,339 
6,027 
88,282 -3,624 
126,930 
(21 ,409) 
(16,253) 
7' 100 +3,000 
102,576 -4,858 
135,074 -14,901 
3,519 
-------------- --------------704,918 -29,730 
(16, 217) (-2,633) 
23,680 -1 ,913 
247,472 -25,636 
(85, 160) (-10,276) 
100,048 -1,617 
226,656 -13,981 
(6,737) 
12,700 
300,000 
60,000 -13,000 
3,988 -831 
28,000 
3,940 
3,908 -574 
1. 340 -364 
1. 399 -3,000 
948 
-5,000 
-1 ,445 --------------
403,523 -24,214 
10' 195 
29,237 +1,600 
109,010 -17,528 
(6,548) 
(-8,702) 
14' 100 -1 '300 
85' 773 -4,763 
90,503 -20,911 Bill VS. 
Request 
-17,106 
( -106) 
-1,273 
-1,028 
-618 
-107 
-10,831 
-1,664 
-12,060 
-13,792 
(-12,366) 
(+836) 
+7 ,100 
-8,446 
-4,098 
-247 
--------------
-64.170 
-5,919 
-89,435 
(-24,465) 
-22,376 
-42,600 
(-7,234) 
+12,700 
+50,000 
-10,000 
-1,998 
+1,047 
-5,000 
-939 ___ .. __________ 
+33,110 
-79 
-1,040 
-46,668 
( -1,487) 
( -10,969) 
-2,461 
-17,288 
-48,283 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4714 June 25, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.013 H25JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 452/14 EH25JN15.014rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Operations and admi ni strati on ........................ . 
Pesticide 1 i censi ng .................................. . 
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA) ........ . 
Taxies risk review and prevention .................... . 
(Endocrine di sruptors) ............................. . 
Underground storage tanks (LUST I UST) ............... . 
Water: Ecosystems: 
National estuary program I Coastal waterways ....... . 
Wet 1 ands ........................................... . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Water: Human health protection ...................... . 
Water quality protection ............................. . 
Total, Environmental Programs and Management .... 
Hazardous Waste Electronic Manifest System Fund 
E-Manifest System Fund ............................... . 
Office of Inspector General 
Audits, evaluations, and investigations .............. . 
(by transfer from Superfund) ......................... . 
Buildings and Facilities 
Homeland security: Protection of EPA personnel 
and infrastructure ................................. . 
Operations and administration ........................ . 
Total, Buildings and Facilities ................ . 
Hazardous Substance Superfund 
Audits, evaluations, and investigations .............. . 
Comp 1 i a nee ........................................... . 
Enforcement .......................................... . 
Home 1 and security .................................... . 
Indoor air and radiation ............................. . 
Information exchange I Outreach ...................... . 
IT /data management/security ......................... . 
Legal/science/regulatory/economic review ............. . 
Operations and administration ........................ . 
Research: Chemical safety and sustainability ........ . 
Research: Sustainable communities ................... . 
Superfund cleanup: 
Superfund: Emergency response and removal ......... . 
Superfund: Emergency preparedness ................. . 
Superfund: Federal facilities ..................... . 
Superfund: Remedial ............................... . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Total, Hazardous Substance Superfund ........... . 
(transfer out to Inspector General) ............ . 
(transfer out to Science and Technology) ....... . 
Leaking Underground Storage Tank Trust Fund (LUST) 
Enforcement .......................................... . 
Operations and administration ........................ . 
Research: Sustainable communities .................... . FY 2015 
Enacted 
482,751 
102,363 
104' 877 
92,521 
(7,553) 
11 '295 
26,723 
21,065 
--------------47,788 
98,507 
210,417 --------------
2,613,679 
3,674 
41,489 
(9,939) 
6,676 
35,641 --------------
42,317 
9,939 
995 
166,375 
36,362 
1 ,985 
1 ,328 
14,485 
1,253 
128,105 
2,843 
14,032 
181,306 
7,636 
21 ,125 
501,000 
--------------
711 ,067 
--------------
1,088,769 
(-9,939} 
(-18,850) 
620 
1,352 
320 FY 2016 
Request 
505,402 
111,765 
111 ,242 
87,705 
(4,259) 
11,657 
27,310 
23,334 
--------------50,644 
125,768 
254,299 ---------
2,841,718 
7,368 
50,099 
(8,459) 
7,875 
43,632 
--------------51,507 
8,459 
1 ,067 
173,263 
33,767 
2' 180 
1 ,366 
15,642 
1 ,241 
137,340 
2,831 
12,220 
190,732 
7,843 
26,265 
539,618 
--------------
764,458 
--------------
1 '153,834 
( -8,459) 
(-16,217) 
627 
1 ,681 
348 Bill vs. 
Bill Enacted 
480,482 -2,269 
102,363 
104,877 
89,521 -3,000 
(7,553) 
11,295 
25,098 -1,625 
19,882 -1 '183 -------------- --------------44,980 -2,808 
93,324 -5,183 
192,550 -17,867 ----------
2,472,289 -141,390 
-3,674 
40,000 -1,489 
(8,459) (-1,480) 
6,676 
27,791 -7.850 
-------- .. ------------
34,467 -7,850 
8,459 -1,480 
995 
160,375 -6,000 
33,767 -2,595 
1, 985 
1 '328 
14,485 
1 '241 -12 
125.525 -2,580 
2,831 -12 
12,220 -1,812 
181,306 
7,636 
21.125 
515,491 +14,491 
-------------- --------------
725,558 +14,491 
-------------- --------------
1,088,769 
(-8,459) (+1 '480) 
( ·16, 217) (+2,633) 
620 
1. 352 
320 Bill vs. 
Request 
-24,920 
-9,402 
-6,365 
+1,816 
(+3,294) 
-362 
-2,212 
-3,452 
--------------
-5,664 
-32,444 
-61,749 
------------ -
-369,429 
-7,368 
-10,099 
-1 '199 
-15,841 _______ .., ___ 
-17,040 
-72 
-12,888 
-195 
-38 
-1.157 
-11 ,815 
-9,426 
-207 
-5.140 
-24,127 
--------------
-38,900 
--------------
-65,065 
-7 
-329 
-28 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4715 June 25, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.013 H25JNPT1
1nsert graphic folio 452/15 EH25JN15.015rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Underground storage tanks (LUST I UST) ............... . 
(LUST /UST) ......................................... . 
(LUST cooperative agreements) ...................... . 
(Energy Policy Act grants) ......................... . 
Total, Leaking Underground Storage Tank 
Trust Fund. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ........ . 
Inland Oil Spill Program 
Compliance ........................................... . 
Enforcement .......................................... . 
Oil .................................................. . 
Operations and administration ........................ . 
Research: Sustainable communities .................... . 
Total. Inland Oi 1 Spill Program ................ . 
State and Tribal Assistance Grants (STAG) 
A 1 aska Native vi 11 ages ............................... . 
Brownfi e 1 ds projects ................................. . 
Clean water state revolving fund (SRF} ............... . 
Diesel emissions grants .............................. . 
Drinking water state revolving fund (SRF) ............ . 
Me xi co border ........................................ . 
Targeted airshed grants .............................. . 
Subtotal, Infrastructure assistance grants ..... 
Categorical grants: 
Beaches protection ................................. . 
Brownfields ........................................ . 
Environmental information .......................... . 
Hazardous waste financial assistance ............... . 
Lead ............................................... . 
Nonpoint source (Sec. 319) ......................... . 
Pesticides enforcement ............................. . 
Pesticides program implementation .................. . 
Pollution cont ro 1 (Sec. 106} ....................... . 
(Water quality monitoring} ......................... . 
Pollution prevention ............................... . 
Public water system supervision .................... . 
Radon .............................................. . 
State and 1 ocal air quality management ............. . 
To xi cs substances compliance ....................... . 
Tribal air quality management ...................... . 
Tribal general assistance program .................. . 
Underground injection control (UIC) ................ . 
Underground storage tanks .......................... . 
Wetlands program development ....................... . 
Subtotal , Categorical grants ................... . 
Total, State and Tribal Assistance Grants ...... . 
Subtotal, ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY ...... . 
Administrative Provisions 
Rescission ........................................... . 
TOTAL, TITLE II, ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY 
Appropriations ............................. . 
Rescissions ................................ . 
(By transfer) .................................. . 
(Transfer out} ................................. . FY 2015 
Enacted 
89,649 
(9,240} 
(55,040) 
(25,369} 
91,941 
139 
2,413 
14,409 
584 
664 
--------------
18.209 
10,000 
80,000 
1,448,887 
30,000 
906,896 
5,000 
10,000 
--------------
2,490,783 
9,549 
47,745 
9,646 
99,693 
14,049 
159,252 
18,050 
12' 701 
230,806 
(17 ,848) 
4,765 
101,963 
8,051 
228,219 
4,919 
12,829 
65,476 
10,506 
1,498 
14,661 
1,054,378 
3,545,161 
8,179,887 
-40,000 FY 2016 
Request 
92,670 
(9,409} 
(54,402) 
(28,859} 
95,326 
155 
2,424 
18,524 
1 '762 
513 
--------------23,378 
10,000 
110,000 
1 '116 ,000 
10,000 
1 '186' 000 
5,000 
--------------
2,437,000 
49,500 
25,346 
99,693 
14,049 
164,915 
18,050 
13,201 
249' 164 
(18,500} 
4,765 
109,700 
268,229 
4,919 
12,829 
96,375 
10,506 
1,498 
19,661 
--------------
1 '162. 400 ------------
3,599,400 
--------------
8,591,718 Bill 
89,649 
(9,240) 
(55,040} 
(25,369} 
91,941 
139 
2,413 
14,409 
498 
485 
--------------
17,944 
10,000 
75,000 
1,018,000 
50,000 
757,000 
5,000 
20,000 
--------------
1 '935 '000 
47,745 
9,646 
99,693 
14,049 
159,252 
18,050 
12,701 
230,806 
(17,848} 
4,765 
101 ,963 
8,051 
228,219 
4,919 
12,829 
65,476 
10,506 
1 ,498 
14,661 
--------------
1. 044' 829 
------------ -
2,979,829 
--------------7,430,157 
-8,000 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-86 
-179 
--------------
-265 
-5,000 
-430,887 
+20,000 
-149,896 
+10,000 
--------------
-555,783 
-9,549 
--------------
-9,549 
---------
-565,332 
--------------
-749,730 
+32,000 Bill vs. 
Request 
-3,021 
(-169} 
(+638} 
(-3,490} 
-3,385 
-16 
-11 
-4.115 
-1,264 
-28 
--------------
-5,434 
-35,000 -98,000 
+40,000 
-429,000 
+20,000 
--------------
-502,000 
-1,755 
-15,700 
-5,663 
-500 
-18,358 
(-652} 
-7,737 
+8,051 
-40,010 
-30,899 
-5,000 
-117,571 
-619,571 
-1 '161 ,561 
-8,000 
============== ============== ============== ============== ============== 
8,139,887 
( 8 . 179 ' 88 7) 
(-40,000) 
{28,789} 
(-28,789} 8,591,718 
(8,591 '718} 
(24.676} 
(-24,676) 7 '422' 157 
( 7' 430' 157} 
(-8,000} 
(24.676} 
( -24.676} -717' 730 
( -749, 730} 
(+32,000} 
( -4, 113} 
(+4,113} -1 '169,561 
( -1 '161 '561} 
{ -8, 000} 
============== ============== ============== ============== ============== 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4716 June 25, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.013 H25JNPT1
1nsert graphic folio 452/16 EH25JN15.016rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
TITLE III -RELATED AGENCIES 
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE 
FOREST SERVICE 
Forest and Rangeland Research 
Forest inventory and analysis ........................ . 
Research and development programs .................... . 
Total, Forest and rangeland research ........... . 
State and Private Forestry 
Landscape scale restoration .......................... . 
Forest Health Management: 
Federal lands forest health management ............. . 
Cooperative lands forest health management ......... . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Cooperative Forestry: 
Forest stewardship ................................. . 
Forest legacy ...................................... . 
Community forest and open space conservation ....... . 
Urban and community forestry ....................... . 
Subtotal, Cooperative Forestry ................. . 
International forestry ............................... . 
Total, State and Private Forestry .............. . 
National Forest System 
Integrated resource restoration ...................... . 
Land management planning ............................. . 
Inventory and monitoring ............................. . 
Land management planning, assessment and monitoring .. . 
Recreation, heritage and wilderness .................. . 
Grazing management ................................... . 
Forest products ...................................... . 
Vegetation and watershed management .................. . 
Wildlife and fish habitat management ................. . 
Collaborative Forest Landscape Restoration Fund ...... . 
Minerals and geology management ...................... . 
Landownership management ............................. . 
Law enforcement operations ........................... . 
Valles Caldera National Preserve ..................... . 
Total, National Forest System .................. . 
Capital Improvement and Maintenance 
Facilities: 
Maintenance ........................................ . 
Construction ....................................... . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Roads: 
Maintenance ........................................ . 
Construction .................................... . 
Subtotal ....................................... . FY 2015 
Enacted 
70,000 
226,000 
296,000 
14,000 
58,922 
45,655 
~-~-~--~------
104,577 
23,036 
53,000 
2,000 
28,040 
--------------
106,076 
8,000 
232,653 
37,754 
151.019 
261,719 
55,356 
339,130 
184,716 
140,466 
40,000 
76,423 
77' 730 
126,653 
3,364 
--------------
1,494,330 
55,369 
16,231 --------------
71,600 
143,454 
24,640 
--------------
168,094 FY 2016 
Request 
83,000 
208,982 
291,982 
23,513 
58,998 
40,678 
--~----~-~- .. --
99,676 
23,049 
61 ,000 
1,683 
23,686 
--------------109,418 
4,004 
236,611 
822,110 
184,236 
263,942 
49,706 
60,000 
70,689 
71 ,601 
126,030 
--------------
1,648,314 
55,674 
16,021 
--------------71,695 
129,580 
24,682 
--------------
154,262 -Bill 
70,000 
207,507 
277,507 
14,000 
58,922 
40,678 -----------
99,600 
23,036 
50,660 
1 ,683 
23,686 
--------------
99,065 
8,000 
220,665 
32,020 
144,890 
256,839 
55,356 
355,000 
184,716 
140,466 
40,000 
76,423 
77,730 
126,653 
--------------
1,490,093 
55,369 
16,021 --------------
71,390 
140,653 
24,640 
--------------
165,293 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-18,493 
-18.493 
-4,977 
-4,977 
-2,340 
-317 
-4,354 
--------------
-7,011 
-11 '988 
-5,734 
-6,129 
-4,880 
+15,870 
-3,364 
--------------
-4,237 
-210 
---------------210 
-2,801 
--------------
-2,801 Bill vs. 
Request 
-13,000 
-1,475 
-14,475 
-9,513 
-76 
-76 
-13 
-10,340 
-10,353 
+3,996 
-15,946 
-822,110 
+32,020 
+144,890 
-184,236 
-7' 103 
+5,650 
+355,000 
+184,716 
+140,466 
-20,000 
+5,734 
+6' 129 
+623 
--------------
-158,221 
·305 
---------------305 
+11,073 
-42 
--------------
+11,031 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4717 June 25, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.013 H25JNPT1
1nsert graphic folio 452/17 EH25JN15.017rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Trails: 
Maintenance ........................................ . 
Construction ....................................... . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Deferred maintenance ................................. . 
Legacy road and trail remediation .................... . 
Subtotal, Capital improvement and maintenance ... 
Deferral of road and trail fund payment .............. . 
Total, Capital improvement and maintenance ..... . 
Land Acquisition 
Acquisitions ......................................... . 
Acquisition Management ............................... . 
Cash Equalization .................................... . 
Recreation a 1 Access .................................. . 
Critical Inholdings/Wilderness ....................... . 
Total, Land Acquisition ........................ . 
Acquisition of land for national forests, special acts 
Acquisition of lands to complete land exchanges ...... . 
Range betterment fund ................................ . 
Gifts, donations and bequests for forest and rangeland 
research ........................................... . 
Management of national forest lands for subsistence 
uses ............................................... . 
Wildland Fire Management 
Fire operations: 
Wildland fire preparedness ......................... . 
Wildland fire suppression operations ............... . 
Subtotal, Fire operations .................. . 
Other operations: 
Hazardous fue 1 s .................................... . 
(Hazardous Fuels Base Program) .................... . 
(Biomass Grants) .................................. . 
Fire plan research and development ................. . 
Joint fire sciences program ........................ . 
State fire assistance .............................. . 
Volunteer fire assistance .......................... . 
Subtotal , Other operations ..................... . 
Subtotal, Wildland Fire Management ............. . 
FLAME Wildfire Suppression Reserve Account 
FLAME wildfire suppression reserve account ........... . 
Total, all wildland fire accounts .............. . FY 2015 
Enacted 
69,777 
7,753 
77,530 
3' 150 
40,000 
--------------
360,374 
-17,000 
............................ 
343,374 
36,000 
7,500 
500 
2,000 
1, 500 ----------
47,500 
950 
216 
2,320 
45 
2,500 
1 ,145. 840 
708,000 
--------------
1,853,840 
361.749 
(346,749) 
(15,000) 
19,795 
6,914 
78,000 
13,000 
--------------479,458 
--------------
2.333,298 
303,060 
--------------
2,636,358 FY 2016 
Request 
74,264 
8,252 
82,516 
33,451 
--------------341,924 
-17,000 ------------ -
324,924 
47,250 
8,500 
250 
5,000 
2,000 -----------
63,000 
1,950 
216 
2,320 
45 
2,441 
1,082,620 
794,534 
--------------
1,877,154 
359,126 
19,820 
6. 917 
78,012 
13,000 --------------
476,875 
--------------
2,354,029 
--------------
2,354,029 Bill 
69,777 
7,753 
77,530 
3,150 
40,000 
--------------
357,363 
-16,000 _,. ____________ 
341,363 
9,000 
7,250 
250 
2,000 
1. 500 
20,000 
950 
216 
2,320 
45 
2,441 
1,082,620 
811,000 
--------------
1,893,620 
361,749 
(356,749) 
(5,000) 
19,795 
6,914 
78,000 
13,000 ------------479,458 
--------------
2,373.078 
315,000 
--------------
2,688,078 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
---------------3,011 
+1 '000 
---------------2,011 
-27,000 
-250 
-250 
-27,500 
-59 
-63,220 
+103,000 
--------------+39,780 
(+10,000) 
(-10,000) 
--~----------
--------------
+39.780 
+11,940 
--------------
+51,720 Bill vs. 
Request 
-4,487 
-499 
-4,986 
-30,301 
+40,000 
------------- ... 
+15,439 
+1 ,000 
--------------
+16,439 
-38.250 
-1.250 
-3,000 
-500 
-43,000 
-1,000 
+16,466 
--------------+16,466 
+2,623 
(+356 ,749) 
(+5,000) 
-25 
-3 
-12 
--------------+2,583 
--------------
+19,049 
+315,000 
--------------
+334,049 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4718 June 25, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.013 H25JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 452/18 EH25JN15.018rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Suppression cap adjustment ........................... . 
Total, Wildland Fire Management with cap 
adjustment ................................... . 
Total, Forest Service without Wildland Fire 
Management ................................... . 
TOTAL, FOREST SERVICE .......................... . 
Appropriations ............................. . 
Disaster Relief cap adjustment ............. . 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES 
INDIAN HEALTH SERVICE 
Indian Health Services 
Clinical Services: 
Hospital and health clinics ........................ . 
Dental health ...................................... . 
Mental health ...................................... . 
Alcohol and substance abuse ........................ . 
Purchased/ referred care ............................ . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Preventive Health: 
Public health nursing .............................. . 
Health education ................................... . 
Community health representatives ................... . 
Immunization (Alaska) .............................. . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Other services: 
Urban Indian health .. , ............................. . 
Indian health professions .......................... . 
Tribal management grant program .................... . 
Direct operations .................................. . 
Self -governance .................................... . 
Contract support costs ............................. . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Total, Indian Health Services .................. . 
Indian Health Facilities 
Maintenance and improvement . . . .................... . 
Sanitation facilities construction ................... . 
Health care facilities construction .................. . 
Facilities and environmental health support .......... . 
Equipment. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..................... . 
Total, Indian Health Facilities ............... . 
TOTAL, INDIAN HEALTH SERVICE ................... . FY 2015 
Enacted 
2,636,358 
2,419,888 FY 2016 
Request 
854,578 
3,208,607 
2,571,803 Bi 11 
2,688,078 
2,355,600 Bill vs. Bill vs. 
Enacted Request 
-854,578 
+51,720 -520,529 
-64,288 -216,203 
============== ============== ============== ============== ============== 
5,056,246 
(5,073,246) 5,780,410 
(4,942,832) 
(854,578) 5,043,678 
(5,059,678) -12,568 
(-13,568) -736,732 
(+116,846) 
(-854,578) 
============== ============== ============== ============== ============== 
1,836,789 
173,982 
81 '145 
190,981 
914,139 
--------------
3' 197' 036 
75,640 
18,026 
58,469 
1 ,826 
153,961 
43,604 
48,342 
2,442 
68,065 
5,727 
662,970 
--------------
831,150 
-----------4,182,147 
53,614 
79,423 
85,048 
219,612 
22,537 
460,234 1,936,323 
181 '459 
84,485 
227,062 
984,475 
--------------
3,413,804 
79,576 
19,136 
62,363 
1 ,950 
163,025 
43,604 
48,342 
2,442 
68,338 
5,735 
717' 970 
--------------
886,431 --------
4,463,260 
89,097 
115' 138 
185,048 
226,870 
23' 572 
639,725 -1,878,944 
178 '959 
83,199 
198,172 
935,726 
--------------
3,275,000 
78,499 
18,802 
61 '129 
1 ,826 
160,256 
44,410 
48,342 
2,442 
67,384 
5,735 
717 '970 --------------
886,283 --------------
4,321,539 
53,614 
79,423 
85,048 
224,882 
23,362 
466,329 +42, 155 
+4,977 
+2,054 
+7' 191 
+21,587 
--------------
+77,964 
+2,859 
+776 
+2,660 
+6,295 
+806 
-681 
+8 
+55,000 
+55, 133 
+139,392 
+5,270 
+825 
+6,095 -57,379 
-2,500 
-1 '286 
-28,890 
-48,749 --------------
-138,804 
-1 ,077 
-334 
-1,234 
-124 
-2,769 
+806 
-954 
-148 
-141,721 
-35,483 
-35,715 
-100,000 
-1,988 
-210 
-173' 396 
============== ============== ============== ============== ============== 
4,642,381 5,102,985 4,787,868 +145,487 -315,117 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4719 June 25, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.013 H25JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 452/19 EH25JN15.019rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH 
National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences ... 
AGENCY FOR TOXIC SUBSTANCES AND DISEASE REGISTRY 
Toxic substances and environmental public health ..... . 
TOTAL, DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES .. 
OTHER RELATED AGENCIES 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT 
Council on Environmental Quality and Office of 
Environmental Quality .............................. . 
CHEMICAL SAFETY AND HAZARD INVESTIGATION BOARD 
Salaries and expenses ................................ . 
OFFICE OF NAVAJO AND HOPI INDIAN RELOCATION 
Sa 1 aries and expenses ................................ . 
INSTITUTE OF AMERICAN INDIAN AND ALASKA NATIVE CULTURE 
AND ARTS DEVELOPMENT 
Payment to the Institute ............................. . 
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION 
Salaries and Expenses 
Museum and Research Institutes: 
National Air and Space Museum ...................... . 
Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory .............. . 
Major scientific instrumentation ................... . 
Universe Center .................................... . 
National Museum of Natural History ................. . 
Nati anal Zoological Park ........................... . 
Smithsonian Environmental Research Center .......... . 
Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute ............ . 
Bi odi versi ty Center. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ......... . 
Arthur M. Sackler Gallery/Freer Gallery of Art ..... . 
Center for Folklife and Cultural Heritage .......... . 
Cooper-Hewitt, National Design Museum .............. . 
Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden .............. . 
National Museum of African Art .................... .. 
World Cultures Center .............................. . 
Anacostia Community Museum ......................... . 
Archives of American Art ........................... . 
National Museum of African American History and 
Culture .......................................... . 
National Museum of American History ................ . 
National Museum of the American Indian ............. . 
National Portrait Gallery .......................... . 
Smithsonian American Art Museum .................... . 
American Experience Center ......................... . 
Subtotal, Museums and Research Institutes ...... . 
Mission enabling: 
Program support and outreach: 
Outreach ........................................... . 
Communications ..................................... . 
Institution-wide programs ................. . -FY 2015 
Enacted 
77,349 
74,691 
4,794,421 
3,000 
11,000 
7,341 
9,469 
18,603 
23,957 
4,118 
184 
47,992 
25,420 
3,909 
14,025 
1 ,520 
6,049 
2,503 
4,755 
4,301 
4,227 
284 
2,093 
1 ,859 
40,648 
22,840 
31,444 
5,997 
9,474 
593 
~ R----------
276,795 
9,150 
2,567 
10,505 FY 2016 
Request 
77.349 
74,691 
5,255,025 
3,015 
12,271 
8,400 
11,619 
19,469 
24,343 
6,118 
184 
48,935 
26,603 
3,992 
14.271 
2.285 
6,169 
2,603 
4,842 
4,605 
4,632 
284 
2,415 
1,898 
41,501 
24,333 
32,077 
6,448 
10,005 
595 --........ ------.. -
288,607 
14,317 
3,945 
14.784 Bill vs. 
Bill Enacted 
77.349 
74,691 
4,939,908 +145,487 
3,000 
11.000 
7,341 
9,469 
18,603 
23,957 
4,118 
184 
47,992 
26,120 +700 
3,909 
14,025 
1,520 
6,049 
2,503 
4,755 
4,301 
4,227 
284 
2,093 
1,859 
41,148 +500 
22,840 
31,444 
5,997 
9,474 
593 
277.995 +1,200 
9,150 
2,567 
14,384 +3,879 Bill vs. 
Request 
-315,117 
-15 
-1 '271 
-1 ,059 
-2' 150 
-866 
-386 
-2,000 
-943 
-483 
-83 
-246 
-765 
-120 
-100 
-87 
-304 
-405 
-322 
-39 
-353 
-1,493 
-633 
-451 
-531 
-2 
-10,612 
-5,167 
-1,378 
-400 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4720 June 25, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.013 H25JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 452/20 EH25JN15.020rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Office of Ex hi bits Central....... . . . . . . . . ......... . 
Museum Support Center .............................. . 
Museum Conservation Institute ...................... . 
Smithsonian Institution Archives ................... . 
Smithsonian Institution Libraries .................. . 
Subtotal, Program support and outreach ......... . 
Office of Chief Information Officer .................. . 
Admi ni strati on ....................................... . 
Inspector General .................................... . 
Facilities services: 
Facilities maintenance ............................. . 
Facilities operations, security and support ........ . 
Subtotal, Facilities services .................. . 
Subtotal, Mission enabling ..................... . 
Total, Salaries and expenses ................... . 
Facilities Capital 
Revitalization ....................................... . 
Facilities planning and design ....................... . 
Construction ......................................... . 
Total, Facilities Capital ...................... . 
TOTAL, SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION ................. . 
NATIONAL GALLERY OF ART 
Salaries and Expenses 
Care and utilization of art collections .............. . 
Operation and maintenance of buildings and grounds ... . 
Protection of buildings, grounds and contents ........ . 
General administration ............................... . 
Total, Salaries and Expenses ................... . 
Repair, Restoration and Renovation of Buildings 
Base program ......................................... . 
TOTAL, NATIONAL GALLERY OF ART ................. . 
JOHN F. KENNEDY CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING ARTS 
Operations and maintenance ........................... . 
Capital repair and restoration ....................... . 
TOTAL, JOHN F. KENNEDY CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING 
ARTS ......................................... . 
WOODROW WILSON INTERNATIONAL CENTER FOR SCHOLARS 
Salaries and expenses ................................ . FY 2015 
Enacted 
2,974 
1,848 
3,244 
2' 167 
10,399 
--~----------
42,854 
48,929 
34,067 
3,416 
71,403 
197,879 
--------------
269,282 
--------------
398,548 
--------------
675,343 
97,588 
22,600 
24,010 --........ -------
144,198 
============== 
819,541 
39,418 
33.858 
22.418 
23,806 
119,500 
19,000 
138,500 FY 2016 
Request 
3,037 
1 '884 
3,308 
2,223 
10,748 ---------
54,246 
53,395 
34,977 
3,476 
86,695 
214,429 
--------------
301 '124 
--------------
447,218 
--------------
735,825 
144,590 
55,410 
--------------
200,000 
============== 
935,825 
42,226 
34,532 
22,943 26.959 
126,660 
26,000 
152,660 Bi 11 
2,974 
1 '848 
3,244 
2,167 
10,399 
46,733 
48,929 
34,067 
3,416 
71,403 
197,879 
--------------
269,282 
--------------
402,427 
--------------
680,422 
112,000 
27' 119 
.. ,.,. .. __________ 
139,119 
============== 
819,541 
39,418 
33,858 
22,418 
23,806 
119,500 
19,000 
138,500 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+3,879 
--------------
--------------
+3,879 
--------------
+5,079 
+14,412 
+4,519 
-24,010 .. _____________ 
-5,079 
============== Bill vs. 
Request 
-63 -36 
-64 
-56 
-349 
---------------7,513 
-4,466 
-910 
-60 
-15,292 
-16.550 
--------------
-31,842 _____________ ,. 
-44 ,791 ------------55,403 
-32,590 
-28,291 
_____________ .. 
-60,881 
============== 
-116,284 
-2,808 
-674 
-525 
-3,153 
-7' 160 
-7,000 
-14' 160 
============== =======~====== ============== ============== ============== 
22,000 
10,800 
32,800 21,660 
14,740 
36,400 21,660 
11 ,140 
32,800 -340 
+340 -3,600 
-3,600 
============== ============== ============== ============== ============== 
10,500 10,420 10,420 -80 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4721 June 25, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.013 H25JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 452/21 EH25JN15.021rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE HUMANITIES 
National Endowment for the Arts 
Grants and Administration 
Grants: 
Direct grants ...................................... . 
Chell enge Amari ca grants ........................... . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
State partnerships: 
State and regional ....................... . 
Underserved set-aside ............................ . 
Subtotal ..................................... . 
Subtotal , Grants ............................... . 
Program support ...................................... . 
Admi ni strati on ....................................... . 
Total, Arts .................................... . 
National Endowment for the Humanities 
Grants and Administration 
Grants: 
Bridging cultures .................................. . 
Special Initiative: The Common Good ............... . 
Federal/ State partnership .......................... . 
Preservation and access ............................ . 
Public programs .................................... . 
Research programs .................................. . 
Education programs ................................. . 
Program development ................................ . 
Digital humanities initiatives ..................... . 
Subtotal, Grants ............................... . 
Matching Grants: 
Treasury funds ..................................... . 
Challenge grants ................................... . 
Subtotal, Matching grants ...................... . 
Admi ni strati on ....................................... . 
Total, Humanities .............................. . 
TOTAL, NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE 
HUMANITIES ................................... . 
COMMISSION OF FINE ARTS 
Salaries and expenses ................................ . 
NATIONAL CAPITAL ARTS AND CULTURAL AFFAIRS 
Grants ............................................... . 
ADVISORY COUNCIL ON HISTORIC PRESERVATION 
Salaries and expenses ................................ . FY 2015 
Enacted 
62,380 
7,600 
69,980 
36,716 
9,937 
--------------
46,653 
--------------
116,633 
1,990 
27,398 
--------------146,021 
3,500 
42,528 
15' 460 
13,684 
14,784 
13,265 
500 
4,400 
108,121 
2,400 
8,500 
10,900 
27,000 
146,021 
292,042 
2,524 
2,000 
6,204 FY 2016 
Request 
63,420 
7,600 
71,020 
37,262 
10,084 
--------------
47,346 
--------------118,366 
1 '780 
27,803 
--------------147,949 
5,500 
43,040 
15,200 
13,454 
14,536 
13,040 
500 
4,480 
109,750 
2,400 
8,500 
10,900 
27,292 
147,942 
295,891 
2,653 
2,000 
6,080 Bi 11 
62,380 
7,600 
69,980 
36,716 
9,937 
--------------
46,653 
--------------
116,633 
1 '780 
27,608 
--------------146,021 
3,695 
43,040 
15,200 
13,454 
14,536 
13,040 
500 
4,480 
107,945 
2,400 
8,500 
10,900 
27' 176 
146,021 
292,042 
2,524 
2,000 
6,080 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
--------------
--------------
-210 
+210 
--------------
-3,500 
+3,695 
+512 
-260 
-230 
-248 
-225 
+80 
-176 
+176 
-124 Bill vs. 
Request 
-1 ,040 
-1 ,040 
-546 
-147 
--------------
-693 
--------------
-1 '733 
-195 
--------------
-1,928 
1,805 
-1 '805 
-116 
-1 '921 
-3,849 
-129 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4722 June 25, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.013 H25JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 452/22 EH25JN15.022rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
NATIONAL CAPITAL PLANNING COMMISSION 
Salaries and expenses ................................ . 
UNITED STATES HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL MUSEUM 
Holocaust Memorial Museum ............................ . 
DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER MEMORIAL COMMISSION 
Construction ......................................... . 
Salaries and expenses ................................ . 
Total, DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER MEMORIAL COMMISSION. 
TOTAL, TITLE III, RELATED AGENCIES ............. . 
(Disaster Relief cap adjustment) ........... . 
GRAND TOTAL. ......................................... . 
Appropriations ................................... . 
Rescissions ...................................... . 
Rescissions of contract authority ............... . 
Disaster Relief cap adjustment ................... . 
(By transfer) ........................................ . 
(Transfer out) ....................................... . 
(Discretionary total) ................................ . FY 2015 
Enacted 
7,948 
52,385 
1 '000 
1 '000 
11 '246' 921 
30,105,720 
(30, 173,720) 
(-40,000) 
(-28,000) 
(28 ,789) 
(-28,789) 
(30,416,000) FY 2016 
Request 
8,348 
54.959 
68.200 
2,000 
70,200 
12' 646' 176 
(854,578) 
33,324,129 
(32,299,551) 
( -30' 000) 
(1 ,054,578) 
(24,676) 
(-24.676) 
(33,262,409) Bill 
7,948 
52,385 
11,376,636 
30,231,720 
(30,267,720) 
(-6,000) 
(-26,000) 
(24,676) 
( -24' 676) 
(30,170,000) Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-1,000 
-1 '000 
+131,715 
+126,000 
(+94,000) 
(+32,000) 
(-4,113) 
(+4' 113) 
(-246,000) Bill vs. 
Request 
-400 
-2,574 
-66,200 
-2,000 
-70,200 
-1,267,540 
(-854,578) 
-3,092,409 
(-2,031 ,831) 
(-8,000) 
(+2,000) 
( -1 '054' 578) 
(-3,092,409) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4723 June 25, 2015 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
First, I would like to acknowledge 
and thank Ranking Member L
OWEY for 
her support and her mentorship as I start working on this very first appro-priations bill on the House floor. 
I would like to thank my sub-
committee chairman, K
ENCALVERT , for 
the effort he has put into this bill. I ap-preciate that even as Chairman C
AL-
VERT grappled with an inadequate fund-
ing allocation, he carried out his work in an open and thoughtful manner. The chairman is to be commended for his diligence in holding 14 budget hearings, where we received testimony from nearly 150 witnesses. 
Let me also, along with the chair-
man, express my appreciation to the subcommittee staff on the minority and majority sides for their hard work during another difficult budget year. 
Unfortunately, the inadequate 302(b) 
allocation given to the Interior, Envi-ronment, and Related Agencies Appro-priations sets this bill up for failure. The majority’s refusal to adopt a suffi-cient overall budget allocation for dis-cretionary appropriations has led to a bill that severely underfunds invest-ments and protections that are prior-ities for the American people. 
The subcommittee’s 302(b) allocation 
for FY 2016 is $246 million below the current year’s enacted level. When added to the cuts of the past 5 years, this bill is more than $2 billion below the FY 2010 enacted level. In fact, when adjusted for inflation, this bill invests less than what was appropriated in 2005. 
But it gets worse. The rising emer-
gency costs of combating wildland fires, court-ordered Native American contract support costs, and the major-ity’s decision to abandon mandatory funding for the Payment in Lieu of Taxes program, otherwise known as PILT, means the remaining funding available for other critical public pro-grams is far below the FY 2015 enacted. 
PILT has been mandatory spending 
in the past, and almost 2,000 counties use this compensation for lost tax rev-enue to provide vital services. PILT should not be in this discretionary bill. It should be returned to mandatory spending. 
The courts have ruled that Congress 
must pay full contract support costs to tribal nations. Contract support costs are true mandatory spending, and they should not be in this discretionary bill. 
Catastrophic wildland fires are nat-
ural disasters and, just as any other natural disaster, they should be treat-ed as such emergency spending. Cata-strophic wildland fires should not be subject to discretionary spending caps in this bill. 
Together, spending on these three ac-
tivities consumes $5.4 billion, or 18 per-cent of the bill’s budget allocation. It is time for the authorizing committees to stop ignoring this problem and re-sponsibly address what are truly man-datory costs, because these costs are 
burning through our budget allocation. 
So what does that mean for the rest 
of the programs funded by H.R. 2822? After years of cuts and flat funding, it means we are going backwards and un-dermining efforts to preserve Amer-ica’s natural and cultural heritage, failing to meet our commitments to the social and economic well-being of Native Americans, and causing real and lasting harm to the environment. 
We received compelling testimony 
this year on the unmet needs in Indian Country, especially in the areas of edu-cation and health. Yet this bill’s inad-equate allocation means that many Na-tive American programs receive far less funding than what the President requested and what Native Americans indeed deserve. 
This is unfortunate because, as the 
chairman pointed out, he and I share a deep bipartisan commitment to bettering the lives of Native Americans and to uphold our Federal trust and treaty obligations. 
Last year, attendance at our national 
parks was at a record high. With the upcoming centennial of the National Park Service in 2016, visitation is ex-pected to increase. But what will visi-tors find when they come to the cen-tennial celebration? 
Without additional funding, they will 
find historic hotels in Yellowstone and Glacier National Parks that have seri-ous health, safety, and accessibility issues. They will find closed facilities at Yosemite due to 70-year-old sewer lines that are failing. And under the Republican spending plan, what visi-tors will not find are the hundreds of seasonal rangers that the Park Service needs to hire to restore staffing capac-ity to 2010 levels. 
Under H.R. 2822, less than 16 percent 
of the funds requested for the National Park Service’s centennial are provided. By underfunding the Centennial Chal-lenge, this bill misses the opportunity to allow the American public to sup-port their parks through matching do-nations. 
The National Park’s Civil Rights ini-
tiative fares only slightly better, with just 19 percent of the request funded. It is our responsibility to act now to pre-serve the stories and monuments of the civil rights movement. 
The Land and Water Conservation 
Fund is cut by more than 25 percent below the FY 2015-enacted level, con-tinuing the pattern of shortchanging conservation. 
Wildlife programs are underfunded as 
well, with cuts or flat funding to pro-grams that assist in the recovery of species or help to prevent their listing in the first place. Funding decisions such as these set up the Endangered Species Act to fail. 
However, the most significant and 
devastating cuts are again targeted at the Environmental Protection Agency. The bill cuts the EPA by $718 million from the FY 2015-enacted level, a 9 per-cent cut. This is on top of the nearly 20 percent cut the Agency has received 
over the past 4 years. 
The air every American breathes and 
the water every American family drinks are all at risk by the funding cuts and policy attacks in this bill. When the majority says it wants to rein in the EPA, what they are really doing is denying the protection of our air and water. 
The consequences of abandoning pub-
lic health and environmental protec-tion will be negatively felt in commu-nities across this Nation. Why? Be-cause this bill cuts the Clean Water and Safe Drinking Water Revolving Funds by more than half a billion dol-lars. The revolving funds are part of a partnership with our communities to build and repair infrastructure that protects America’s drinking water and prevents sewage from contaminating our water. And when we invest in these water systems, we are also creating jobs in communities all across the country. 
Earlier this month, the Secretaries of 
Agriculture and the Interior released their latest summer fire forecast, which showed that fire costs are likely to exceed FY 2015-enacted levels by nearly $300 million. 
Wildland fires burn up 12 percent, or 
$3.9 billion, of the bill’s allocation. And without some relief, these numbers will only continue to grow. 
In just the past 3 years, we have had 
to make up a total of a billion-dollar shortfall that forced agencies to bor-row funds from other accounts to pay for fire costs. We know the answer to this problem. Many of us are cospon-sors of Mr. S
IMPSON ’s bill, H.R. 167, to 
treat a portion of these wildfire costs as they are—disasters. 
Yet as problematic as the funding de-
cisions in this bill are, what is even more troubling are the more than two dozen problem legislative riders and 
funding limitations contained in the bill, with seven of these being new this year. 
These provisions do not belong in the 
bill. These are proposals that should be moved through the authorizing com-mittee, where open, transparent, and thoughtful debate can take place. 
The riders the majority have hung on 
this bill undermine our Nation’s bed-rock environmental laws, endanger public health and safety, and deny the impact that climate change is having on our planet. 
Several of these riders would require 
that Agency scientists and procedures be ignored, saying that they ‘‘can’t be trusted.’’ Yet other provisions would overturn Federal court decisions and limit judicial review. 
As lawmakers, we create the legisla-
tion that guides our Nation, but my colleagues in the majority seem to need a reminder that we are only one of three branches of government. Clear-ly, we are the most important branch. But the other two branches have jobs to do as well. 
For a majority that complains about 
the Federal rulemaking process, it is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.043 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4724 June 25, 2015 
surprising to see that the bill contains 
directives that certain Federal rules be issued. It would appear that the major-ity is okay with Federal rulemaking, but only as long as the rules are the ones they want. 
With the inadequate funding and spe-
cial interest provisions, I share the ad-ministration’s concerns about this bill. I will submit the Statement of Admin-istration Policy on H.R. 2822, which is eight pages and includes a veto threat. 
STATEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION POLICY  
H.R. 2822—DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR , ENVI-
RONMENT , AND RELATED AGENCIES APPRO -
PRIATIONS ACT , 2016 
(Rep. Rogers, R–KY) 
The Administration strongly opposes 
House passage of H.R. 2822, making appro-priations for the Department of the Interior, Environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. The bill drastically underfunds core Department of the Interior programs as well as the Environmental Pro-tection Agency’s operating budget, which supports nationwide protection of human health and our vital air, water and land re-sources. Funding levels in the bill would pre-vent investments that reduce future costs to taxpayers by facilitating increased energy development and maintaining facilities and infrastructure in national parks, refuges, forests, public lands, and Indian Country. They would make it harder for States and businesses to plan and execute changes that would decrease carbon pollution and address the challenges the Nation faces from climate change. They would also reduce support for partnerships and effective collaboration with States, local governments and private enti-ties on efforts to restore and conserve nat-ural resources. Further, the bill includes nu-merous highly problematic ideological provi-sions that have no place in funding legisla-tion. These provisions threaten to undermine the ability of States and communities to ad-dress climate change and protect a resource that is essential to America’s health—clean water, as well as the most basic protections for America’s special places and the people and wildlife that rely on them. If the Presi-dent were presented with H.R. 2822, his sen-ior advisors would recommend that he veto the bill. 
Enacting H.R. 2822 and adhering to the 
congressional Republican budget’s overall spending limits for fiscal year (FY) 2016 would hurt our economy and shortchange in-vestments in middle-class priorities. Seques-tration was never intended to take effect: rather, it was supposed to threaten such drastic cuts to both defense and non-defense funding that policymakers would be moti-vated to come to the table and reduce the deficit through smart, balanced reforms. The Republican framework would bring base dis-cretionary funding for both non-defense and defense for FY 2016 to the lowest real levels in a decade. Compared to the President’s Budget, the cuts would result in tens of thousands of the Nation’s most vulnerable children losing access to Head Start, mil-lions fewer workers receiving job training and employment services, and drastic cuts to research awards and grants, along with other impacts that would hurt the economy, the middle class, and Americans working hard to reach the middle class. 
Sequestration funding levels would also 
put our national security at unnecessary risk, not only through pressures on defense spending, but also through pressures on State, USAID, Homeland Security, and other non-defense programs that help keep us safe. More broadly, the strength of our economy 
and the security of our Nation are linked. That is why the President has been clear that he is not willing to lock in sequestra-tion going forward, nor will he accept fixes to defense without also fixing non-defense. 
The President’s senior advisors would rec-
ommend that he veto H.R. 2822 and any other legislation that implements the current Re-publican budget framework, which blocks the investments needed for our economy to compete in the future. The Administration looks forward to working with the Congress to reverse sequestration for defense and non- defense priorities and offset the cost with commonsense spending and tax expenditure cuts, as Members of Congress from both par-ties have urged. 
The Administration would like to take this 
opportunity to share additional views re-garding the Committee’s version of the bill. 
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY (EPA)  
EPA Operating Budget. The Administra-
tion disagrees strongly with the bill’s reduc-tion to EPA’s operating budget by $474 mil-lion, or 13 percent, compared to the FY 2016 Budget request. This reduced level of funding would significantly undermine implementa-tion of the Clean Power Plan and the re-cently finalized Clean Water Rule. The Clean Power Plan is a flexible and practical ap-proach to addressing the risks of climate change by reducing carbon pollution from the electric power sector, the largest source of carbon pollution in the United States. Cli-mate change is not only an environmental challenge, it is also an economic, public health, and national security challenge. Unabated climate change is projected to hamper economic growth in the United States and put the health and well-being of the Nation at risk from extreme weather events, wildland fire, poor air quality, and illnesses transmitted by food, water, and dis-ease carriers such as mosquitos and ticks. Failing to address climate change would also exacerbate poverty and contribute to envi-ronmental degradation in developing coun-tries, potentially resulting in resource short-
ages, political instability, and conflict. Meanwhile, the bill also reduces funding to implement the recently finalized Clean Water Rule that would ensure waters pro-tected under the Clean Water Act are more precisely defined and predictably deter-mined. By delaying implementation of this rule, business and industry face a more cost-ly, difficult, and slower permitting process. 
State Categorical Grants. The Administra-
tion opposes the $118 million reduction to State and Tribal Categorical grants com-pared to the FY 2016 Budget request. Often, States and Tribes implement environmental programs through delegated authorities. However, the bill reduces these grants to States and Tribes to carry out activities such as water quality permitting, air moni-toring, and hazardous waste management programs. In addition, the bill reduces fund-ing for brownfields projects by $35 million, or 32 percent, from the FY 2016 Budget request. This reduced level of funding severely limits opportunities for local communities to revi-talize their contaminated lands to improve environmental quality and spark economic redevelopment. 
State Revolving Funds (SRFs). The Admin-
istration objects to the funding levels pro-vided for EPA’s Clean Water and Drinking Water SRFs. The bill reduces SRF funding by a combined $527 million from the FY 2016 Budget request, reducing necessary support to help communities finance water infra-structure improvements, resulting in ap-proximately 200 fewer projects being funded nationally. 
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Limits for Power 
Plants. The Administration strongly objects to section 428 of the bill, which would pro-
hibit the use of funds to propose, finalize, implement or enforce carbon pollution standards for fossil fuel-fired electric gener-ating units that are the largest source of 
carbon pollution in the United States. The bill seeks to derail Administration efforts to address under section 111 of the Clean Air Act the urgent economic, public health, and national security impacts of unabated cli-mate change. Failure to reduce the utility sector’s carbon footprint places the Nation at risk from extreme weather events, wildland fire, poor air quality, global insta-bility, accelerated environmental degrada-tion, and illnesses transmitted by food, water, and disease carriers such as mos-quitos and ticks. 
Clean Water Act (CWA). The Administra-
tion believes that the CWA provisions in the bill undermine efforts to protect America’s clean water resources, which are critical to American families and businesses. The Ad-ministration strongly objects to section 422 of the bill in particular, which would disrupt the Administration’s current efforts to clar-ify the scope of CWA, hamstring future regu-latory efforts, and create significant ambi-guity regarding existing regulations and guidance. 
Social Cost of Carbon (SCC). The Adminis-
tration regards the SCC as an essential com-ponent of the environmental rulemaking process and opposes the Congress’ inter-ference with the Interagency Working Group’s (IWG) development of the SCC. The Administration strongly objects to section 437 of the bill, which would force the IWG to revise the SCC using only the discount rates 
and ‘‘domestic’’ SCC values stated in Execu-tive Order 12866 and Office of Management and Budget Circular A–4. This revision would ignore the trans-boundary movement of car-bon, fail to capture key costs of carbon emis-sions, and disrupt dozens of upcoming rules that would use the SCC to monetize carbon reduction benefits. 
Limitations on Significant New Alter-
natives Policy (SNAP) Program under the Clean Air Act (CAA). The Administration ob-jects to section 435 of the bill, which would block the finalization, implementation, and enforcement of a rule to prohibit certain uses of climate super-pollutants known as hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs). Domestic action to reduce use of HFCs is consistent with U.S. advocacy for addressing HFCs on a global basis, such as through an amendment to the Montreal Protocol. 
National Ocean Policy. The Administra-
tion objects to section 425 of the bill, which prohibits any funding provided in the bill from being used to implement the marine planning components of the National Ocean Policy. This provision would prohibit the De-partment of the Interior (DOI) and EPA from participating in marine and coastal planning efforts, a process to better determine how the ocean, the Nation’s coasts, and the Great Lakes are managed in an efficient manner. 
Comprehensive Environmental Response, 
Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA) Financial Assurance. The Admin-istration objects to section 427 of the bill, which prohibits the use of funds to develop, propose, finalize, and implement financial responsibility requirements under CERCLA 108(b). On May 19, 2015, the U.S. Court of Ap-peals for the District of Columbia Circuit or-dered EPA to develop an expedited schedule for financial responsibility rules for the hardrock mining industry and for three other industries. This provision would se-verely limit EPA’s ability to develop these rules in a timely manner and abrogates EPA’s responsibilities laid out in CERCLA 108(b). 
Classification of Forest Biomass Fuels as 
Carbon-Neutral. The Administration objects 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.044 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4725 June 25, 2015 
to the bill’s representation of forest biomass 
as categorically ‘‘carbon-neutral.’’ This lan-guage conflicts with existing EPA policies on biogenic CO
2and interferes with the posi-
tion of States that do not apply the same policies to forest biomass as other renewable fuels like solar or wind. This language stands in contradiction to a wide-ranging consensus on policies and best available science from EPA’s own independent Science Advisory Board, numerous technical studies, many States, and various other stakeholders. 
e-Manifest. The Administration objects to 
the elimination of funding for e-Manifest de-velopment, EPA’s system for electronically tracking the transport of hazardous waste. While the Administration acknowledges the concern about the pace of development of the e-Manifest, eliminating the requested $7 mil-lion in funding at this time would jeopardize EPA’s ongoing progress to develop the sys-tem and begin operations in the coming years. 
Lead Test Kits. The Administration ob-
jects to section 426 of the bill that would dis-rupt EPA’s current activities under the 2008 Lead Renovation, Repair and Painting rule until EPA approves a commercially avail-able ‘‘improved’’ lead paint test kit. This provision would undermine EPA’s efforts to protect sensitive populations from exposure to lead, a known toxin to children and devel-oping fetuses, during home renovation projects. 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR (DOI)  
Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) Topline. 
The Administration opposes the $159 million, or 5 percent, reduction to BIA as compared to the FY 2016 Budget request. This funding level would limit DOI’s ability to make key investments in education and wrap-around services to support Native youth, elimi-nating all increases to post-secondary schol-arships and $10 million for education pro-gram enhancement funds to allow Bureau of Indian Education to drive school improve-ment and reforms. The bill reduces funding for initiatives aimed at supporting tribal self-determination through the creation of a one-stop portal to facilitate access to Fed-eral resources and funding to address data gaps in Indian Country, and the creation of an Office of Indian Affairs Policy, Program Evaluation, and Data to support effective, data-driven, tribal policy making and pro-gram implementation. In addition, this bill eliminates all increases to natural resources management on tribal lands, including funds to help tribal communities prepare for and respond to the impacts of climate change. 
National Park Service (NPS) Centennial. 
The Administration opposes funding levels provided for the NPS Centennial. The bill fails to provide adequate funding to prepare for the Centennial in 2016, resulting in the delay of roughly 70 percent of line-item park construction projects and 36 percent of re-pair and rehabilitation projects, and forgoes millions in matching private donations. The bill also fails to provide funding for engaging youth and cultivating the next generation of conservation-minded individuals, including funding for transportation assistance to stu-dents from Title I schools. 
Onshore Inspection Fees. The bill does not 
include a proposal in the FY 2016 Budget re-quest to institute a new onshore oil and gas inspection fee program. The proposal, which is similar to the program already in place for offshore operations, would cover the cost of inspection activities and reduce the net cost to taxpayers of operating the Bureau of Land Management’s (BLM) oil and gas program. Failure to adopt the new fees and associated funding would hamper the BLM’s ability to protect human safety, conserve energy re-sources, facilitate the proper reporting of oil and gas production, and ensure environ-
mental requirements are being followed in all phases of development. 
State and Tribal Wildlife Grants. The Ad-
ministration opposes the 15 percent reduc-tion to State and Tribal Wildlife Grants compared to the FY 2016 Budget request. This important program allows States and Tribes, key partners in conservation, to stra-tegically protect wildlife and conserve habi-tat in a way that complements Federal in-vestments and yields better results for the public. 
Payments in Lieu of Taxes (PILT). The bill 
provides $452 million for PILT, which the Ad-ministration has proposed to fund through a separate mandatory appropriation in line with its previous congressional enactment. While the Administration appreciates the Committee’s support for PILT, inclusion of these funds in the bill comes at the expense of all other programs funded by the bill. 
Carcieri Land into Trust. The bill fails to 
include the provision in the FY 2016 Budget request to clarify and reaffirm the Secretary of the Interior’s authority to acquire land in trust under the Indian Reorganization Act (IRA). In Carcieri v. Salazar, 555 U.S. 397 (2009), the Supreme Court held that the Sec-retary could acquire land in trust under the IRA only for tribes that were ‘‘under Federal jurisdiction’’ in 1934. A legislative solution would help achieve the goals of the IRA and tribal self-determination by clarifying that DOI’s authority under the law applies to all tribes, whether recognized in 1934 or after. Such legislation would be consistent with the longstanding policy of assisting Tribes in establishing and protecting a land base suffi-cient to allow them to provide for the health, welfare, and safety of tribal mem-bers, and in treating all tribes equally for purposes of setting aside lands for tribal communities. 
Hydraulic Fracturing: Section 439 of the 
bill would block DOI from implementing, ad-ministering or enforcing the Bureau of Land Management’s recently-finalized Hydraulic Fracturing rule. This would leave the agency reliant on 30-year old requirements and pre-vent it from taking key steps to improve the safety of oil and gas drilling activities and improve opportunities for BLM to coordinate standards and processes with States and Tribes to reduce administrative costs and improve efficiency. 
Stream Buffer Regulation. Section 423 
would prohibit DOI’s Office of Surface Min-ing, Reclamation, and Enforcement from up-dating 30-year-old stream protection regula-tions to reflect modern science and tech-nology and better protect people and the en-vironment, provide industry more certainty, and address recent court decisions. 
Hunting, Fishing and Recreational Shoot-
ing. Sections 421 and 424 would substantially impair the enforcement of a longstanding ban on the use of lead ammunition in the hunting of migratory waterfowl, and would complicate in other ways the overall imple-mentation of hunting, fishing, and rec-reational shooting on public lands. 
Wildlife Trafficking. Section 120 would 
interfere with ongoing Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS) actions to combat wildlife trafficking, curb the poaching of African Elephants, and restrict trade in ivory, which would impair U.S. leadership in the global fight against ivory poaching. 
Endangered Species Act Restrictions. Sec-
tions 117, 121, and 122 of the bill undercut the Endangered Species Act by limiting the abil-ity of the FWS to properly protect, based on the best available science, a number of spe-cies, including the greater sage grouse, northern long-eared bat, and certain gray wolf populations. Language provisions, like those affecting the sage grouse, would only create additional uncertainty and undermine 
unprecedented efforts to conserve the sage-brush landscape and the Western way of life. 
Federal Acknowledgement of American In-
dian Tribes. Language under the heading ‘‘Bureau of Indian Affairs, Administrative Provisions’’ in the bill would block DOI from finalizing, implementing, administering, or enforcing the Administration’s proposed Federal acknowledgment rule, preventing DOI’s effort to improve the regulations gov-erning the process and criteria by which the Secretary of the Interior acknowledges an Indian Tribe. 
DOI AND DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE (USDA) , 
FOREST SERVICE  
Land and Water Conservation Fund 
(LWCF). The Administration objects to the drastic reduction of $152 million, or 38 per-cent, to the requested discretionary funding for DOI and USDA LWCF programs. LWCF is a cornerstone of Federal conservation and recreation preservation efforts. This funding level would severely impede agency capacity to further protect our Nation’s natural herit-
age. To date, the LWCF has contributed to the protection of key public lands, such as Rocky Mountain National Park, Mount Rainier National Park, and portions of the Appalachian Trail, among others, as well as State and local recreation projects and im-portant cultural heritage sites. 
Wildland Fire Suppression. The Adminis-
tration’s cap adjustment for wildfire sup-pression was not included in this bill. Con-tinued inaction on this proposal, which has bipartisan support, would increase the likeli-hood of disruptive funding transfers for sup-pression and away from the very restoration and fire risk reduction programs that are meant to restore landscapes and reduce sup-pression costs and restore landscapes. 
Land Management Operations. The Admin-
istration opposes the $502 million, or 8 per-cent, reduction to operational funding to land management agencies, relative to the FY 2016 Budget request. This reduction would undermine support for the provision of basic public and business services that sup-port the long-term health and resilience of national parks, forests, refuges, and other public lands. 
Water Rights on Federal Land. Section 434 
prohibits agencies from conditioning land use authorizations on the transfer, relin-quishment, or impairment of a water right, or on the acquisition of a water right in the name of the United States. This language is unnecessary for its intended purpose, and would preclude land management agencies from protecting the public interest. The pro-vision would eliminate the ability of land management agencies to maintain sufficient water for other congressionally-designated purposes and ensure water rights are tied to the activities for which they were developed. These restrictions would also hamper cooper-ative work with land users to improve land conditions, such as range improvements, or conduct habitat mitigation activities as part of land use agreements. 
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE (USDA) , FOREST  
SERVICE  
Land Management Improvements. The bill 
provides $357 million for capital improve-ment and maintenance of the national forest system, a 5 percent increase from the FY 2016 Budget request. While the Administra-tion supports the capital improvement and maintenance of the Nation’s public forests in order to increase its health, resilience, and accessibility, the increase in this bill comes at the expense of other needed priorities. 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES  
Indian Health Service (IHS) Topline. The 
Administration strongly opposes the reduc-tion to funding for Native American health 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.026 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4726 June 25, 2015 
care programs and facilities of the Indian 
Health Service (IHS) by $300 million, or 6 percent, below the FY 2016 Budget request. This would result in inadequate funding for the provision of health care to a population that is sicker and poorer compared to na-tional averages. For example, compared to the FY 2016 Budget request, the bill reduces funding by nearly $50 million for Purchased and Referred Care, a program that supports health care not available in IHS and tribal facilities, which would exacerbate existing levels of denied care and waiting lists for services. 
Contract Support Costs. The Administra-
tion objects to the limitation in funding for tribal Contract Support Costs (CSC) for BIA and IHS. Specifically, the bill would limit funding for CSC that could perpetuate the funding issues described in the Supreme Court’s Salazar v. Ramah Navajo Chapter de-cision. The Congress should pursue a long- term solution for CSC appropriations, pro-viding an increase in funding in FY 2016 as part of a transition to a new three-year man-datory funding stream in FY 2017, as pro-posed in the President’s Budget. 
OTHER PROVISIONS  
Smithsonian Institution. The bill reduces 
funding for the Smithsonian Institution by $116 million, or 12 percent, below the FY 2016 Budget request—a reduction that can be ex-pected to reduce public access to the Smith-sonian as well as increase safety concerns through delays in planned renovations. With over 30 million visits to Smithsonian facili-ties recorded in 2014, it is important to en-sure the museums, galleries, National Zoo-logical Park, and nine research facilities that make up the world’s largest museum and research complex remain open, main-tained, and available to the generations of Americans who make use of this unique in-stitution each year. Specifically, the bill re-ductions would delay renovation for the Na-tional Air and Space Museum, where the mu-seum has had to establish temporary covered walkways to protect the public from poten-tial falling debris from its facade, and would reduce operating hours for the museums, in-cluding the new National Museum of African American History and Culture. 
Digital Accountability and Transparency 
Act of 2014 (DATA Act). The Administration urges the Congress to fully fund the FY 2016 Budget requests for DOI and EPA to imple-ment the DATA Act. This funding would sup-port efforts to provide more transparent Fed-eral spending data, such as updating infor-mation technology systems, changing busi-ness processes, and employing a uniform pro-curement instrument identifier. 
U.S. Digital Service Team. The Adminis-
tration urges the Congress to fully fund the FY 2016 Budget requests for DOI and EPA to develop U.S. Digital Service teams. This funding would support managing the agen-cy’s digital services that have the greatest impact to citizens and businesses. 
CONSTITUTIONAL CONCERNS  
Several provisions in the bill raise separa-
tion of powers concerns. 
The Administration looks forward to work-
ing with the Congress as the FY 2016 appro-priations process moves forward. 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, we 
owe it to our constituents to be good stewards of the environment, to be pro-tectors of public health, and to be de-fenders of the public good. We can do better than what this bill offers. H.R. 2822 falls short of our responsibilities to present and future generations. As such, I cannot support the bill in its current form. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, it is 
my pleasure to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. R
OGERS ), the full com-
mittee chairman. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Chair-
man, I thank the gentleman for yield-ing. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the 
fiscal year 2016 Department of the Inte-rior and Environment Appropriations bill. This is the eighth of the 12 indi-vidual bills that have made it to the floor. That is a record pace, by the way. It is the fastest that these bills have come before the House since at least 1974, when the Budget Control Act came into being. 
This bill, as the chairman said, pro-
vides just over $30 billion in discre-tionary funding for programs that pre-serve and nurture our Nation’s unique natural and cultural heritage. This ful-fills our responsibility to the American taxpayers to provide funding for these important programs within a smart and sustainable budget. 
Our responsibility to the American 
taxpayers, of course, doesn’t end there. The people of this Nation expect their government to act in a way that fos-ters economic development and job cre-ation. This current administration has been neglecting that duty, instead choosing to push a regulatory agenda that would create an environment hos-tile to economic growth, that would put our energy independence at risk, and that could cost thousands of hard- working Americans their jobs. 
So this bill takes important steps to 
stop this harmful executive overreach. First and foremost, we limit funding for the Environmental Protection Agency, cutting its funding by 9 per-cent from last year. 
The bill also prohibits the EPA from 
implementing a litany of its egregious, expensive regulations, including apply-ing new greenhouse gas regulations for power plants, updating existing ozone regulations, and changing the defini-tions of ‘‘navigable waters’’ and ‘‘fill material,’’ all of which could spell dis-aster for our economy. 
b1315 
The bill also prevents the Bureau of 
Land Management from hampering economic growth by halting increases in oil and gas inspection fees and from burdening ranchers with higher grazing fees. 
Provisions like these will help get 
the government out of the way of growth, preventing the overregulation and overtaxation of American business and industry, and keeping down manu-facturing costs and utility bills for families across the country. 
In addition, the bill also focuses 
funding on other important Depart-ment of the Interior related programs. For instance, the bill creates a new $30 million program to help accelerate the reclamation of abandoned mine lands, boosting local community redevelop-
ment. 
The bill also fulfills our moral and 
legal obligations to American Indians and Alaska Natives, increasing funding for programs that will help improve education systems, health facilities, and other infrastructure. 
The bill prioritizes the prevention of 
and preparation for wildland fires, in-creasing funding for these programs billwide by $52 million. 
Mr. Chairman, this is a fine appro-
priations bill that we have before us today. I want to commend Chairman C
ALVERT for his good work on this bill. 
He, the ranking member, and the sub-committee have done a thorough job on the bill, and I am proud to support it. I also want to thank the staff for their work to bring this bill to the floor today. 
This is the maiden voyage, Mr. Chair-
man, of this cardinal, this new chair-man, the new chairman of this sub-committee. This is his first bill, and it is a good one. I want to salute him and his staff for doing a great job in put-ting together a bill that was tough to put together. Congratulations to you. 
Before I close, Mr. Chairman, I want 
to take a moment to recognize one of my staff members, Mike Robinson, who will be moving on to greener pastures next week. 
Mike started working for me nearly 
20 years ago and has had several ten-ures in my personal office. Four years ago, he joined the Appropriations Com-mittee, the front office, as coalitions and Member services director. 
Many of our colleagues have gotten a 
chance to know Mike over these past 4 years. He has answered your questions. He has helped you offer amendments. He has helped guide dozens of appro-priations bills to passage. He has been an integral part of the staff over these years, and we will miss him greatly when he departs. 
Thank you, Mike, for all of your hard 
work. We are very grateful to you. 
Mr. Chairman, this is an appropria-
tions bill that puts our Nation’s econ-omy first. It preserves the role of the Federal Government, making sure the government is doing its job well, not in a way that intrudes into the lives of American businesses or the American people, but in a way that encourages our economy to grow and thrive, and I urge my colleagues to support the bill. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ), the 
ranking member of the Appropriations Committee. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I would 
like to thank Chairman C
ALVERT ; 
Chairman R OGERS ; as well as my good 
friend B ETTY MCCOLLUM , who is doing 
an outstanding job in her first year as ranking member of the subcommittee; and all the hard-working staff on both sides of the aisle. 
However, while I appreciate the 
chairman’s willingness to accommo-date some Democratic priorities, this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.028 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4727 June 25, 2015 
is the latest in a series of bills that 
drastically shortchanges job-creating investments and vital environmental protections, while carrying a wish list of special interest giveaways that hurt hard-working American families’ health and safety. 
The President proposed to end se-
questration through more reasonable and realistic budgeting 4 months ago, but Republicans have yet to engage on finding a workable solution. How much longer do we have to play this charade, the Republican shutdown strategy, be-fore the House considers bills that could be enacted? 
Refusing to adopt a sufficient overall 
allocation for discretionary invest-ments has led to a bill that severely underfunds far too many priorities. 
The EPA would be slashed $1.17 bil-
lion below the President’s request, $718 million below the 2015 enacted level. Such a draconian cut would take EPA investments back to 1997 levels. 
Capital programs are dramatically 
underfunded, with Indian Health facili-ties receiving $173 million less than the President’s request. 
Over half a billion dollars in cuts to 
the State revolving funds endanger our Nation’s water infrastructure, cutting 32,000 construction jobs on 207 projects, risking public health with fewer water and drinking water projects. 
The Land and Water Conservation 
Fund, which conserves irreplaceable lands and improves outdoor recreation opportunities, would be cut by 30 per-cent below the current level. 
Unsurprisingly, the majority seeks to 
dismantle critical environmental pro-tections in the bill that are supposed to advance environmental initiatives. 
In a demonstration of solidarity with 
climate change deniers and the coal in-dustry, the majority would prevent the administration from advancing new rules to reduce greenhouse gas emis-sions. 
Despite the fact that it harmonizes 
existing activities to protect the envi-ronment, 2.8 million ocean industry jobs, $282 billion in GDP generated by ocean industries in coastal States, the National Ocean Policy’s implementa-tion would be blocked. 
Once again, the majority has waged 
war on the Endangered Species Act, placing politics above science and jeop-ardizing the protection of precious spe-cies, including wolves. 
Instead of allowing the United States 
to lead the world to end the trade of ivory, the Fish and Wildlife Service’s efforts would be rolled back. 
Given the number of unnecessary rid-
ers, it is particularly disappointing that the majority didn’t include our colleague, Mr. S
IMPSON ’s wildfire bill, 
an excellent proposal that would im-prove our ability to prepare for and re-spond to disasters. 
Democrats are more than willing to 
find a balanced and fiscally responsible way to lift the sequester that is stran-gling our investments in America’s fu-ture and invest in a stronger defense, better infrastructure, and bigger pay-
check for America’s hard-working fam-ilies. 
I hope that, as we move forward, this 
bill makes those investments and sheds unnecessary policy changes. I urge my colleagues to oppose this misguided bill. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, it is 
my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
ENKINS ), our new hard-working mem-
ber. 
Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. 
Chairman, I want to express my appre-ciation to your hard work and to the ranking member, to your staff, and all who have worked so hard on this legis-lation. 
This bill is notable for what it funds 
and what it doesn’t fund. 
West Virginians, we love our clean 
water. We love clean air. We love our mountains and our forests and our riv-ers. 
What West Virginians do not love is 
this President’s war on coal. This week, petitions from 26,000 West Vir-ginians were delivered to my office asking the President to stop the war on coal. West Virginia’s jobs and our citi-zens’ livelihoods are on the line. The President has requested hundreds of millions of dollars to spend on new reg-ulations, programs, and an army of lawyers to defend his illegal regulatory overreach. 
Our State has lost 7,000 coal jobs in 
just the last 3 years of this administra-tion. Today, we say ‘‘no’’ to funding the war on coal, ‘‘no’’ to regulatory overreach. We do cut the EPA’s budget by more than $1 billion from what was requested. We halt harmful, job-killing rules on new and existing coal-fired power plants. 
We say no to changing the definition 
of navigable waters and fill material, no to imposing ozone regulations that are simply unachievable, and no to im-posing the stream buffer zone rule. 
The Administrator of the EPA even 
refused to come to West Virginia to talk to our communities and hard- working coal miners, but instead, when she refused, I brought coal miners to the Appropriations Committee to tell their story, and it was a powerful story. 
Today, I am here with 26,000 other 
voices to make sure they are heard here at the Capitol. 
Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for your 
leadership. Thank you for the hard work. 
I would appreciate a ‘‘yes’’ vote on 
this important legislation 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. K
ILMER ), a member of 
the subcommittee who is very valued. 
Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to begin by thanking the subcommittee chairman, my friend from California, and the ranking member, my friend from Minnesota, for the hard work that they have put into today’s bill. 
As a new member of the committee, 
I have gotten to see firsthand the enor-mous amount of work that went into 
the product that we have before us today, and it is, frankly, a testament to the hard work of the Appropriations Committee staff that we have been able to get to this point. 
I want to begin by expressing support 
for a number of really important provi-sions in the bill that I think are crit-ical points of progress. In a very tough budget environment, this bill boosts funding for the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs and the Indian Health Service, in-creasing the Federal commitment to addressing the needs of Indian Country. 
Coming from timber country, I can 
say that there is also a very strong ef-fort here to ensure that the Forest Service can responsibly increase har-vest levels on our national forests, as well as supporting new tools, such as collaboratives, that have the potential to bring folks together in a way that reduces the litigation risk surrounding these projects. 
Of course, I would love for us to be 
able include in this bill Mr. S
IMPSON ’s 
legislation addressing wildfire disaster funding. I have heard from so many people in my neck of the woods just how important it is that we get this taken care of it. 
The bill also provides essential re-
sources to support recovery efforts in the Puget Sound. As both the chairman and ranking member of the sub-committee know, this is big deal, both for our natural environment and for our economy; and I will continue work-ing with them to make sure we are dedicating the needed resources for this critical effort. 
Unfortunately, I will have to oppose 
the bill before us today. This bill comes in at $2 billion below the President’s budget request. It would cut funding for the Land and Water Conservation Fund. It fails to make needed invest-
ments in the National Park System and takes a meat axe to the Environ-mental Protection Agency and the pro-grams that protect clean water. 
Mr. Chairman, to conclude, let me 
just say we need to come together in a bipartisan way to end sequestration, to remove these budget caps, and to work on bipartisan bills that make the in-vestments our Nation needs to boost economic development and protect our natural resources for future genera-tions. 
I hope we do that, and I am eager to 
be a partner in doing that. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
ARTER ) for the purpose of en-
gaging in a colloquy. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, first of all, I want to thank you and the Appropriations Committee for its hard work on bringing this impor-tant legislation to the floor. 
As you know, we have been working 
with your staff on an issue of great im-portance to the Port of Savannah, which services 40 percent of American consumers. 
Since 1940, the National Park Service 
has leased a small parcel of land on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.046 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4728 June 25, 2015 
Cockspur Island within the Fort Pu-
laski National Monument to the Sa-vannah Bar Pilots. The bar pilots help navigate large ships through the Sa-vannah River channel to the port and have done so from Cockspur Island since as far as back as the 1730s. 
In 2011, at the request of the Park 
Service, Congress passed legislation to change the relationship between the bar pilots and the Park Service. With enactment of the Fort Pulaski Na-tional Monument Lease Authorization Act, Public Law 112–69, the relation-ship between the bar pilots and Park Service was shifted from a series of special use permits to a noncompete lease of up to 10 years. 
b1330 
At the time of consideration of the 
legislation, the Congressional Budget Office estimated the annual lease fee for the bar pilots would be $25,000, a slight increase from their existing rate based on a 2008 appraisal conducted by the Park Service. 
It has come to my attention that the 
Park Service is attempting to use pas-sage of the legislation to increase the lease fee by as much as tenfold. This is extremely problematic because such an increase could threaten to force the bar pilots off Cockspur Island. 
Simply given their history on the is-
land, the idea of forcing the bar pilots to relocate is inappropriate, in and of itself. However, this is more troubling when you realize that pilotage services are required by law, so vessels are re-quired to use their services to move in and out of the Port of Savannah, and there is no other known location from which pilots could operate more effi-ciently. 
Moving the facility could lead to 
longer transit times for vessels, in-creased safety risk in foul weather, delays in ship movement, and greater fuel usage for pilots and vessels wait-ing to call on the Port of Savannah. 
The resulting environmental and eco-
nomic harm would significantly in-crease costs and could threaten growth at the Port of Savannah just as the Federal Government embarks on the construction phase of the $706 million Savannah Harbor Expansion Project. 
The legislation passed in 2011 was in-
tended to create a long-term fix to the permitting issue, not to create an out-let by which the National Park Service could continuously raise fees to exorbi-tant levels. 
Mr. Chairman, I would request your 
support of our efforts to find an equi-table and timely resolution to this matter that reflects Congress’ intent and establishes a process for ensuring that the pilots are charged only fair market value in line with previous Na-tional Park Service appraisals and that they are able to continue operating from their current location on Cockspur Island. 
Mr. CALVERT. I thank the gen-
tleman from Georgia for bringing this matter to my attention. I share your concerns that this change could nega-
tively impact the growth at the Port of Savannah just as work begins on the expansion project. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. CALVERT. I yield myself an ad-
ditional 30 seconds. 
I would note that, in testimony be-
fore the Senate, National Park Service Associate Director Stephen Whitesell testified that the Savannah bar pilots have operated ‘‘with virtually no ad-verse impact on park resources, on the visitor experience, or on park oper-ations.’’ 
The legislation that passed at the re-
quest of the Park Service in 2011 was supposed to simply improve the legal basis through which the bar pilots and the Park Service entered into a con-tract. 
I am committed to continuing to 
work with you to find an equitable and 
timely solution to this matter that en-sures the Fort Pulaski National Monu-ment Lease Authorization Act is ap-propriately implemented and that the bar pilots are not forced to move from Cockspur Island. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Thank you, 
Mr. Chairman, for your attention to this issue and for your service in shep-herding this important legislation through the legislative process. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ), a colleague of mine on 
the Appropriations Committee. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I appreciate 
the gentlewoman from Minnesota, Ranking Member M
CCOLLUM , as well as 
Chairman K ENCALVERT of California 
for working with me to include impor-tant language relative to the National Park Service. 
Specifically, the report addresses a 
threat to a significant part of the his-tory of the region I represent, the Bat-tle of Lake Erie that paved the way for America’s expansion beyond 13 colo-nies, commemorated by Perry’s Vic-tory and International Peace Memorial at Put-In-Bay, Ohio. 
Perry’s Memorial is at the heart of 
coastal tourism in Ohio, attracting 130,000 visitors just last year, and more than double as many people were reached through their educational ac-tivities. 
Despite its popularity, this site has 
been unnecessarily targeted for con-solidation. The idea that resources and, more importantly, management of this popular site would shift to a noncontig-uous, smaller installation in a different State is both concerning and, frankly, quite puzzling. 
Reporting requirements included 
with the bill are there to ensure that Perry’s Memorial will continue oper-ating as a stand-alone site. 
I would also ask the chairman and 
ranking member to continue working with me to address this need moving forward to ensure that this misguided consolidation plan is stopped. 
Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentle-
woman yield? Ms. KAPTUR. I yield to the gen-
tleman from California. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I am cer-
tainly happy to continue to work with the gentlewoman from Minnesota and to address her concerns as this process continues. 
Ms. KAPTUR. I thank the gentleman 
very much, and I thank the ranking member. 
I yield to the gentlewoman from Min-
nesota. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. The gentlewoman 
from Ohio has my commitment to work with the chairman to resolve it. 
Ms. KAPTUR. I thank both the chair-
man and ranking member. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS). 
Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today in support of H.R. 2822, the De-partment of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations bill for fiscal year 2016. 
This bill responsibly ensures the 
EPA’s regulatory overreach is checked by Congress. Key provisions included will stop the EPA’s most burdensome and damaging regulations and encour-age opportunities for water infrastruc-ture investment. 
This bill ensures that the EPA can-
not use resources to expand the defini-tions of the ‘‘waters of the United States’’ and ‘‘fill material’’ beyond what Congress wrote in the Clean Water Act. As the King v. Burwell case just taught us, this administration is eager to redefine words to suit their purposes. This House must stand up to them, and in this bill, we are. 
These key provisions are excellent 
backstops for ensuring the EPA’s clean water rule does not move forward in implementation because this rule is nothing more than a Federal power grab and a substantial expansion of Clean Water Act jurisdiction. Even the agencies implementing this rule have concerns about the clarity of its changes. 
I am also pleased to see the com-
mittee supports an integrated planning approach to help communities affordably manage and meet their bur-densome regulatory obligations under the Clean Water Act. Communities face enormous financial pressure to have quality services for its residents, in-cluding clean water. This approach can potentially save ratepayers millions of dollars while focusing clean water in-vestments in a way that ensures the greatest water quality benefit. 
Lastly, this bill encourages the im-
plementation of the bipartisan pilot program, Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act, better known as WIFIA, that was authorized under WRRDA in 2014. 
Provisions offered in this legislation 
will set the stage for EPA to imple-ment WIFIA loans in fiscal years 2017 to provide credit assistance for water resource infrastructure projects and act as a complement to the major source of Federal investment in water 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.047 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4729 June 25, 2015 
infrastructure, the Clean Water State 
Revolving Fund, known as the SRF. This program will provide communities increased options and flexibility for funding their critical water infrastruc-ture projects. 
I thank Chairman C
ALVERT and 
Ranking Member M CCOLLUM for recog-
nizing the importance of these provi-sions and for putting together a bill that sets appropriate levels for agen-cies and programs. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. P
INGREE ), a thought-
ful and valued member of the sub-committee. 
Ms. PINGREE. I thank the ranking 
member for yielding me time and for the nice comments and the ability to work with her on the committee. I do appreciate the work of the Chair and the ranking member very much on this bill. 
Mr. Chair, there are so many impor-
tant programs that are funded in the Department of Interior Appropriations bill. I am proud to be on this com-mittee and particularly to serve on this subcommittee. 
Today’s bill was written by a very 
good chairman in conjunction with a great ranking member, but at the end of the day, the funding levels are still too low. We cannot get bipartisan sup-port on this bill when there are not enough dollars to go around. The re-ality is we need to get rid of the se-quester, roll back the Budget Control Act caps, and pass these bills with funding levels that move our country forward, not backward. 
As so many of my colleagues have 
stated, when adjusted for inflation, this bill provides less than the appro-priated levels in FY 2005. That is just not sufficient for the vital programs in this bill, programs that monitor and protect the water we drink and the air we breathe and regulate the products we use. 
There are some highlights in today’s 
bill, such as the Bureau of Indian Edu-cation construction budget and the Forest Legacy program and the inter-national forestry accounts, and I am glad to see them there, but there is so much more to be concerned about. 
I am deeply disappointed in the cut 
to the Fish and Wildlife Service endan-gered species listing program, which is cut by 50 percent, and the overall Land and Water Conservation Fund cuts. This overall Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund level is 20 percent less than last year, and that is very frustrating, knowing how important this program is to every single congressional district in the country. 
I am concerned that programs such 
as the Aquatic Animal Drug Approval Partnership Program are funded at last year’s level—and no higher—when we really need to understand the diseases that affect our fish and establish treat-ment options to protect them. 
The U.S. Geological Survey that 
funds critical research programs and the monitoring of climate change, 
stormwater gauges, earthquake and weather research is also funded only at last year’s level. 
The National Endowment for the 
Arts and National Endowment for the Humanities were denied the additional resources they requested, including funds that would have been used to in-crease programming for our veterans and wounded warriors. 
For those of us in Maine who are so 
proud of our national park, Acadia Na-tional Park, and are strong supporters of parks across the country, there is simply not enough funding. There are not enough dollars for the improve-ments and maintenance that is needed in any given year, but particularly needed in this special centennial year. 
The National Park centennial is a 
once in a lifetime opportunity for us to highlight our parks and help millions of Americans who have not been to a national park before to see our Na-tion’s greatest treasures. 
Again, I recognize completely the po-
sition that this subcommittee and our other subcommittees have been in be-cause of the Budget Control Act caps, but these programs deserve more. 
I look forward to working with our 
chair and ranking member as this bill moves forward, to try to improve the areas that still need attention. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, it is my 
pleasures to yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the 
gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. R
OUZER ). 
Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Chairman, today, I 
rise in support of H.R. 2822, the Depart-ment of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act of 2016. 
It is no secret that the EPA is out of 
control. I think everybody across this great land knows that. A few weeks ago, the EPA issued their final rule to redefine waters of the U.S., completely ignoring the will of the House and stakeholders all across America. 
Under this rule change, waters of the 
U.S. would now include smaller bodies of water and even some dry land. In fact, this new definition would extend the EPA’s regulatory reach to seem-ingly any body of water, including that water puddled in your ditch after a rain storm. Yes, you heard me right. 
I have heard from small-business 
owners, farmers, Realtors, and home-builders in my district; and they are all concerned about the negative impact this rule could have—and rightly so. This rule is so broad that it could very well require them to get permission from a Federal bureaucrat before act-ing on their own property. 
I commend Chairman C
ALVERT and 
the other members of the committee for including language in this appro-priations bill to prohibit any funds from being used to implement this new rule. 
I am proud to support this bill, and I 
encourage my colleagues to do the same. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, may 
I inquire as to how much time is left? The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from 
Minnesota has 9 minutes remaining. 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ), a valued 
Member of this body. 
Mr. CICILLINE. I thank the gentle-
woman, my friend, for yielding. 
Mr. Chair, I rise today to oppose this 
legislation for many reasons but, in particular, because it vastly underfunds the operation of our na-tional parks, as well as many other im-portant priorities. 
Next August, the National Park 
Service will celebrate its 100th anniver-sary. Our national parks are the envy of the world and serve as a model for their emphasis on conservation. 
The National Park System accounts 
for more than 400 parks, heritage areas, monuments, and the historical sites; occupies more than 84 million acres of land in all 50 States; and is home to more than 1,000 endangered or threat-ened animal species. It is the responsi-bility of the National Park Service to preserve these sites so that future gen-erations may enjoy them. 
Our national parks tell a rich story 
of our stunning landscapes, natural wonders, and historic sites. From Yo-semite National Park in California to Mammoth Cave—the world’s longest known cave system, in Kentucky—to the Great Smoky Mountains in Ten-nessee and North Carolina, our na-tional parks are an essential part of the American fabric and have been called America’s best idea. 
This bill appropriates approximately 
$2.33 billion for the operation of the 
National Park System over the next year. This is more than $187 million below the amount that was requested by the President. This account funds the critical needs of our National Park System, such as support services for new responsibilities within the system, resource stewardship, and facilities management. 
The National Park System is a sig-
nificant driver of economic activity. More than 275 million people visit our national parks each year. In 2013, it was estimated that every dollar in-vested in the National Park Service saw a return of $10. 
We need to do better in ensuring that 
this economic engine and beacon of American tourism is operating at the highest level so that it can continue to fulfill its vital economic, environ-mental, and cultural role. 
Ensuring that the National Park 
Service has proper funding for oper-ation ensures that we are able to pre-serve the story of our country’s devel-opment into the Nation that it is today. 
In my home State of Rhode Island, 
the Blackstone River Valley National Historical Park, created last year after I sponsored legislation in the House in cooperation with Senator J
ACKREEDin 
the Senate, marks the birthplace of the American industrial revolution. 
Sites like old Slater Mill in Paw-
tucket and the Museum of Work and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.049 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4730 June 25, 2015 
Culture in Woonsocket help tell the 
story of how America became an eco-nomic superpower. 
b1345 
It embodies our Nation’s economic, 
environmental, social, and cultural transformation. In the best spirit of the National Park Service, the Black-stone River Valley tells a nationally significant multidimensional story. It illustrates how a beautiful natural landscape and powerful waterways fueled the industrial revolution and launched far-reaching changes to our Nation’s economy and social structure. 
Blackstone serves only as one exam-
ple of why it is essential that our na-tional parks are properly funded and are able to operate in a manner in which millions of Americans continue to appreciate the storied history of our Nation. 
It is long past time to end sequester 
and set spending levels that meet our current responsibilities to be good stewards of the environment and pro-tect the natural beauty of America. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, how 
much time do I have remaining? 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
California has 8 minutes remaining. 
Mr. CALVERT. I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. T
ITUS), a valued 
Member of this body. 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chair, I thank the 
ranking member for yielding me the time. 
You know, my Republican colleagues 
have made no secret about the fact that they want to strangle the EPA and undermine its vital environmental work, but they make little mention of how this bill also threatens our na-tional security. 
I represent Las Vegas, which is the 
home of a number of critical radiation response programs, including one of the only two EPA mobile field labs that can quickly be deployed should a radiological incident occur anywhere in the West. They can process air, soil, and water samples. 
Because of ongoing budget cuts led 
by the Republicans, however, EPA will soon be moving this unit to Mont-gomery, Alabama, and decommis-sioning its other mobile lab. That will leave the whole country with only one EPA radiation response lab, which will be located over 2,000 miles from Los Angeles, 2,600 miles from Seattle, and 1,800 miles from Las Vegas and the Ne-vada test site. 
Now, Republicans may be willing to 
gamble our health and safety to satisfy their corporate friends, but I am not, and that is why I am asking my col-leagues to vote against this legislation and fund our agencies at levels nec-essary to protect our national security. 
Mr. CALVERT. I reserve the balance 
of my time to close. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I do 
not have an update on the Member that I am waiting for. I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I will 
just say that this is a good bill. A lot of work has gone into it, and I would make sure that everyone votes for it because it is a fine bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chair, let me thank our Rank-
ing Member, Congresswoman M
CCOLLUM , for 
yielding, and for her tremendous leadership of this Subcommittee. 
Mr. Chair, the Fiscal Year (FY) 2016 Interior 
and Environment bill before us would place health and safety of all Americans at risk. It dangerously cuts finding by $246 million from FY2015 levels and is $3.1 billion less than the President’s FY2016 request. 
The deep cuts to this bill would undermine 
our air quality, land, water and conservation funding and will have devastating impacts on all communities in my home state of California and across the country. 
What’s worse—this bill slashes funding for 
the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) by more than 700 million dollars—from FY2015 levels and funds the agency at more than a billion dollars less than the President’s FY2016 request. These profound cuts would significantly harm the Clean Water Fund and the Safe Drinking Water Fund—critical pro-grams that ensure the safety of our drinking water and our children. 
It also includes $40 million in cuts to the 
Historic Preservation Fund (HPP), which would weaken the National Park Services’ (NPS) ability to preserve sites significant in the Civil Rights Movement. This includes sites like the Selma to Montgomery National Historic Trail, where many of us participated in the commemoration of the 50th Anniversary of Bloody Sunday. 
Furthermore, there are also egregious policy 
riders in this bill that would block clean air pro-tections, such as the EPA’s Clean Power Plan. 
Too many families, particularly those in low- 
income, vulnerable communities, already suf-fer from poor air quality because of dirty car-bon pollution. 
We know that communities of color are dis-
proportionately affected by pollution-related ill-nesses, including asthma. According to the American Academy of Allergy Asthma and Im-munology, one in six African American and one in nine Latino children suffer from asthma. 
There are other toxic policy riders that 
would block the protection of our imperiled wildlife under the Endangered Species Act, like the Greater Sage Grouse population. 
The Endangered Species Act is the only law 
that has safeguarded more than 2,000 plants and wildlife from extinction. This law enjoys broad support from nearly 85 percent of Amer-icans. And yet here we are again, with a bill that seeks to undermine decades of, animal protection and runs counter to vast public sup-port. 
Mr. Chair, we need to continue to fight to 
defend our environment, address climate change, and make real, meaningful impacts on reducing greenhouse gas emissions so we protect our environment, our children and our future. 
Unfortunately, the bill before us does just 
the opposite. 
I hope that as this process moves forward, 
we can address the insufficient funding alloca-tions and backwards policy riders that would harm every American and put our precious en-
vironment at risk. 
The CHAIR. All time for general date 
has expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be 
considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. 
During consideration of the bill for 
amendment each amendment shall be debatable for 10 minutes equally di-vided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent and shall not be sub-ject to amendment. No pro forma amendment shall be in order except that the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appro-priations or their respective designees may offer up to 10 pro forma amend-ments each at any point for the pur-pose of debate. The chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole may accord pri-ority in recognition on the basis of whether the Member offering an amendment has caused it to be printed in the portion of the C
ONGRESSIONAL  
RECORD designated for that purpose. 
Amendments so printed shall be con-sidered read. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
H.R. 2822 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the following sums 
are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses, namely: 
TITLE I—DEPARTMENT OF THE 
INTERIOR 
B
UREAU OF LANDMANAGEMENT  
MANAGEMENT OF LANDS AND RESOURCES  
For necessary expenses for protection, use, 
improvement, development, disposal, cadas-tral surveying, classification, acquisition of easements and other interests in lands, and performance of other functions, including maintenance of facilities, as authorized by law, in the management of lands and their resources under the jurisdiction of the Bu-reau of Land Management, including the general administration of the Bureau, and assessment of mineral potential of public lands pursuant to section 1010(a) of Public Law 96–487 (16 U.S.C. 3150(a)), $1,015,046,000, to remain available until expended, including all such amounts as are collected from per-mit processing fees, as authorized but made subject to future appropriation by section 35(d)(3)(A)(i) of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 191), except that amounts from permit processing fees may be used for any bureau- related expenses associated with the proc-essing of oil and gas applications for permits to drill and related use of authorizations; of which $3,000,000 shall be available in fiscal year 2016 subject to a match by at least an equal amount by the National Fish and Wild-life Foundation for cost-shared projects sup-porting conservation of Bureau lands; and such funds shall be advanced to the Founda-tion as a lump-sum grant without regard to when expenses are incurred. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POE OF TEXAS  
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.050 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4731 June 25, 2015 
Page 2, line 20, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 333, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
this amendment is really relatively simple. It takes $1 million from the Bu-reau of Land Management’s manage-ment of lands account and inserts it right back into the account with the intent of identifying unused land for potential sale to Americans. 
The service charges, deposits, and 
forfeitures account already has the au-thority to dispose of land under the Bu-reau of Land Management, but is not specifically appropriated funds. 
Today, Mr. Chairman, the United 
States Government owns and controls 640 million acres of American land. This is 27 percent of the entire landmass in the United States. If you take all of the countries in Western Europe, the United States Government, Uncle Sam, owns that much land and more. 
In this poster to my left, the red por-
tions of the poster identify land that is owned by Uncle Sam, the Federal Gov-ernment. The white portions, of course, are land that is owned by private enti-ties. Included in the red area is Alaska. The red area represents 27 percent of the landmass in the United States. A lot of this land is unused, and it is not even managed by the Federal Govern-ment. It is just sitting in these dif-ferent parts of the country. 
This amendment is very simple. It 
tells the Bureau of Land Management to study the possibility of selling some of this land back to Americans. Let Americans own America, not all of it. We are not talking about the national parks, the national forests. We are not talking about Yosemite. We are talk-ing about the unused abandoned land in the United States, but yet it is still owned by this Federal Government. 
That is what this amendment does; it 
is to require a study take place. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask that this amend-
ment be adopted. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OEof Texas). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . FLORES  
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
On page 2, line 20, insert ‘‘(increased by 
$5,000,000)’’ after the dollar amount. 
On page 62, line 8, insert ‘‘(reduced by 
$12,307,693)’’ after the dollar amount. 
On page 75, line 14, insert ‘‘(increased by 
$5,000,000)’’ after the dollar amount. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 333, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to offer an amendment, along with my friend from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) and my friend from North 
Dakota (Mr. C RAMER ). 
This amendment will address an en-
ergy infrastructure issue that faces our Nation today, as well as continuing regulatory overreach by the Environ-mental Protection Agency. 
We all know that the American shale 
revolution has dramatically improved our energy security at home and our economic opportunity for hard-working Americans. The United States is now the number one producer of oil and gas in the world, yet we are in the midst of new challenges due to a lack of appro-priate infrastructure to bring those re-sources to our consumers. 
Also, the EPA has recently reported 
that methane emissions from oil and gas wells are down 79 percent since 2005, and total methane emissions from natural gas systems are down 11 per-cent since that same year. However, the administration intends to propose another regulation that only results in more bureaucratic red tape and higher energy costs. This does nothing to ad-dress the underlying issue. 
There is a better solution, which not 
only achieves lower greenhouse gas emissions, but also improves the out-comes for the American taxpayer. 
My amendment would increase the 
amount of funds made available to both the Bureau of Land Management and the U.S. Forest Service by $5 mil-lion each to help expedite the approval of additional pipeline infrastructure that would more efficiently and more cleanly deliver our taxpayer-owned re-sources to consumers. This will ensure that the BLM and the Forest Service have the appropriate resources to per-mit rights-of-way for gathering lines on Federal lands. This increase would be offset by a very modest reduction of less than one-half of 1 percent to the EPA environmental programs and management accounts. 
It is important that we safely bring 
these natural resources to market using the latest low-emissions, cutting- edge technology. Permitting and con-structing this critical infrastructure is beneficial to the environment since natural gas could be transported, proc-essed, and sold to consumers instead of being vented or flared, which creates the greenhouse gas problems. 
Finally, constructing more pipelines 
furthers our country’s ongoing energy renaissance, while creating more jobs and growing our economy. A recent API study shows over 1.1 million jobs on average per year and over $1.1 tril-lion in capital investments will be gen-erated by updating our domestic mid-stream infrastructure. 
So, in a nutshell, my amendment 
provides three great outcomes: first, it reduces greenhouse gas emissions; sec-ond, it provides critical infrastructure to safely transport taxpayer-owned re-sources to consumer markets; and 
third, it promotes good-paying Amer-ican jobs for these hard-working Amer-ican families. 
I also want to take a second to com-
pliment and thank my friend from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ) and all of the 
subcommittee members and all of the subcommittee staff for such a great job on this Interior Appropriations bill. 
I urge our Members to support my 
amendment and to support the under-lying bill. 
Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. FLORES. I yield to the gen-
tleman from California. 
Mr. CALVERT. I like the amend-
ment. I would accept that amendment. 
Mr. FLORES. I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to this amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from 
Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, the 
gentleman’s amendment would cut $12 million from the Environmental Pro-tection Agency program and shift $5 million to the Bureau of Land Manage-ment and $5 million to the Forest Serv-ice. 
Now, I know cutting the EPA is an 
easy target for many of my colleagues across here on the other side of the aisle, but I want to assure my col-leagues and understand if this amend-ment were to be adopted, this account funds program is important to both sides of the aisle. For example, it in-cludes permitting for construction projects across the country; toxic risk prevention, part of the successful brownfields program; pesticide licens-ing; indoor air quality; radiation. 
Quite frankly, the EPA’s work goes 
beyond the political talking point of various regulations, and it is necessary to keep this valuable Agency able to do the functions it needs to do to protect public health. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to make sure that everybody knows that this cuts one-half of 1 percent from the EPA to hopefully help stop them from pursuing a regulatory scheme where the industry is already working to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, and then it takes that money and puts it into accounts where we actually achieve greenhouse gas re-ductions and we bring taxpayer-owned resources to market in a clean, safe, and efficient way. 
b1400 
My amendment accomplishes all of 
those things: reduces greenhouse gas emissions, better jobs, and better infra-structure for hard-working Americans. 
Again, I ask all Members to support 
my amendment and to support the un-derlying bill, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
LORES ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.031 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4732 June 25, 2015 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GARAMENDI  
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 2, line 20, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $14,000,000)’’. 
Page 18, line 24, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $11,611,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 333, the gentleman from Cali-fornia and a Member opposed each will 
control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, in 
listening to the previous debate, I would certainly agree we have made great strides in America in accessing oil and gas, so much so that we have now become almost energy inde-pendent, all for the good. All of that has happened in the last 7 to 8 years, and we are thankful for that. 
However, this appropriation has more 
money than needed. The administra-tion has asked for about $32 million less. 
I would like my colleagues to take a 
look at where we really do need to spend some money. This amendment that I am proposing deals with this. This is California’s water situation today. The great Central Valley of California is rapidly depleting its aquifers. The water resources that ag-riculture and communities depend upon are rapidly depleting. 
This amendment would move about 
$11,611,000 to the USGS, to Geological Survey, for the purposes of studying the aquifers of California. Now, keep in mind that the State of California vot-ers approved a $7 billion bond act of which a good portion of that money is for underground aquifer storage. 
We have to have the science; we have 
to have the engineering to go with it, and this amendment would provide the additional money that the USGS needs in order to do the surveys and the engi-neering and understanding the geology of those areas where we might be able to have the aquifers replenished. That is what it is all about. 
This leaves plenty of money behind 
for the purposes that the committee has identified in the approval and the permitting of mineral and gas and oil resources. 
I see my colleague from California, 
who is well aware of these issues, in-cluding aquifers in the San Fernando and the Santa Anna aquifer area, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. M
ARCHANT ). 
The gentleman from California is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I don’t 
necessarily oppose where the gen-tleman wants to go; I just oppose the offset right now because, under the budget scenario that we are operating under, we obviously have cut back a lot of these agencies somewhat. I am sympathetic to the job that the 
United States Geological Survey has. As you know, in California, we prob-ably have the most adjudicated water rights in the world. I will work on this in the future as this process moves for-ward. 
If it is necessary, after some con-
versations with USGS, that they need additional resources, I will be happy to work with the gentleman to attempt to do so, but this offset, we could not ac-cept at this time. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the chairman. 
Certainly, the chairman understands 
the issues of water in California, as well as anyone does, and also under-stands that, in order for us to meet the current and certainly any future drought, we are going to have to use the aquifers, which will require the services and the knowledge and capa-bility of the U.S. Geological Survey to fully comprehend the potential that the various aquifers have throughout the State, those in southern California, as well as the Central Valley and coast-al areas. 
I would be delighted working with 
the chairman as the process moves along and see if we might be able to find sufficient money and address the specific needs of aquifer surveys by the USGS. I look forward to working with the gentleman on that. 
Rather than taking a ‘‘no’’ vote on 
this and going to a vote, I heard the gentleman suggest that we can work together and quite possibly solve this problem. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous con-
sent to withdraw the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . YOHO  
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 2, line 20, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $25,325,000)’’. 
Page 132, line 24, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $25,325,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chairman, I want to 
thank Chairman C
ALVERT and the 
ranking members for the fine work they have done on H.R. 2822. I think, overall, it is a great bill. 
What my amendment does is move 
over $25 million from the Bureau of Land Management’s law enforcement activities and transfer that money into the deficit savings account. 
Just a brief cap, BLM, Bureau of 
Land Management, has a force of roughly 200 uniformed officers and 70 criminal investigators on staff enforc-ing a wide range of laws. In addition, 
the FBI has 35,000 agents; the Depart-ment of Homeland Security has over 70,000 enforcement agents; the IRS has over 3,700 criminal investigation em-ployees, including 2,600 special agents; the ATF has over 2,500 special agents; and the DEA has over 5,000. 
With just those five agencies, there 
are over 115,000 national law agents in just these five agencies. I feel that we have enough Federal agencies to deal with the problem to enforce the laws on the books, especially when we are talking about the violations on Federal lands. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, the 
gentleman’s amendment would cut $25 
million from the Bureau of Land Man-agement program and put the savings into the so-called spending reduction account. 
The gentleman pointed out that he 
plans on reducing that amount on law enforcement in the Bureau of Land Management. The employees who are out doing this work are already over-stretched and find themselves some-times in very dangerous positions. 
The BLM is the caretaker of our Na-
tion’s public lands. They protect one- eighth of the country. I think that we should make sure that BLM law en-forcement is able to do their job, do their job safely, come home to their families, and protect America’s re-sources. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. YOHO. I yield to the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, as the 
gentleman knows, I am a westerner. As was pointed out by Mr. P
OE, a signifi-
cant amount of the West is in BLM control. In dealing with the BLM over the years, they have a lot of land mass that they deal with, and they also work with the Native American tribes and others dealing with really a restricted number of law enforcement. 
We have commented and criticized 
about how well they operate, but I would hope that we didn’t have to do this because there is a considerable need for some law enforcement in those vast areas in which the Federal Gov-ernment owns throughout the Western United States. 
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chairman, I agree 
with that. This amendment is about priorities. 
I think with the state of the economy 
that we are on both sides, I don’t have to remind people that we have the debt ceiling coming up, and we are short of money; we have the highway trust fund that is going to come up again at the end of July, and we are short of money. I believe that the Federal Government has enough agents and more than enough debt for sure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.058 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4733 June 25, 2015 
I just encourage people to vote in 
favor of this amendment. 
We get people from our district, and 
they talk to us about what happened out in Nevada with the Cliven Bundy case. When you have the Bureau of Land Management with SWAT capa-bilities showing up like they do, we get asked: Why are agencies like this hav-ing that kind of tactical gear? Why do they have that kind of capacity? 
This is not to weaken them in a 
sense, and we do have to patrol those areas. I just think, at this point in time, that $25 million would serve our debt. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, this 
bill already is $246 million below the FY 2015-enacted level. This amendment only causes further damage. 
Let’s look at what has been hap-
pening over the past decade. As the funding has decreased, we know from committee hearings that the demands on the BLM have increased. There are more oil and gas leases to manage to make sure that they are properly pro-tected. 
These issues that we deal with in the 
Bureau of Land Management, also with law enforcement, is working directly with the public sometimes who are out recreating and accessing these lands. 
I would just like, once again, to reit-
erate my strong opposition to cutting law enforcement for BLM. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chairman, in lieu of 
what the chairman is saying, I will withdraw the amendment at this time if we can have a serious discussion about the debt before September. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous con-
sent to withdraw the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GARAMENDI  
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 2, line 20, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $4,010,000)’’. 
Page 8, line 14, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $3,902,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, 
this bill deals with the very real prob-lem for delivering water to southern California. 
Those people who are familiar with 
the way in which the California water system works, water flows down the Sacramento River—I will just put this up here—water comes down the Sac-ramento River from the north and up the San Joaquin from the south. 
It all gets to the delta where the 
massive pumps at Tracy pick the water up, put it in the canals, and send it to 
the San Joaquin Valley and then on to southern California, Los Angeles, Or-ange County, and other cities in that massive urban area. 
There is a problem in the delta, a lot 
of problems. One of the problems is aquatic plants. The delta is being to-tally overrun by water hyacinths. Other parts of the United States and the West are also finding these invasive water aquatic plants plugging their pumps, reducing water supply, elimi-nating opportunities for boating, recre-ation, fishing, and the like. 
What this amendment does is address 
that problem by adding $3,902,000 to the aquatic habitat and species conserva-tion fund, thereby allowing the Federal agencies to work with the State and local agencies to attack the aquatic plants. 
Specifically in the delta, those who 
want to have more water flowing south to the San Joaquin Valley and south-ern California’s great metropolitan areas, including Orange County, ought to be in favor of unplugging the pumps and getting the water hyacinths re-duced in the delta. 
That is what we would do. It is a very 
real problem; it is a problem that ex-ists today, and it is also money that comes from some 32 million more dol-lars in this Bureau of Land Manage-ment oil and gas permitting account than the President thought necessary. Surely, there is a little bit of room to move around so that southern Cali-fornia can have the water that it needs. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
b1415 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I ap-
preciate what the gentleman is at-tempting to do, again, on the offset. 
Right now, the BLM is involved in 
this issue of the sage-grouse in the West. We, in effect, gave both the BLM and the Fish and Wildlife Service addi-tional resources in order for us not to be in a position to list the sage-grouse so as to make sure that we do what is necessary in the sage ecosystem. 
At the same time, we have plussed up 
conservation accounts within the Fish and Wildlife Service for those types of invasive species. We have a number of invasive species, not just in the plant world, but, obviously, we have this invasive clam, as you mentioned, that is stuffing up the quagga mussel, and that is causing disruptions throughout the West. 
I appreciate what the gentleman is 
trying to do. It is just that we are under the budget allocations we have. We have done what we can in both of these accounts, which is to do good work on conservation and to make sure we conserve species and get rid of bad species throughout the United States. I would hope the gentleman would with-draw his amendment, and I will work 
with him in the future on the other issue. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, the 
chairman is quite correct. We do have a problem. We do have quagga mussels. We have this particular one, the water hyacinths, and there are other aquatic invasive species that are causing havoc throughout the United States—cer-tainly, the quagga mussel in the East, along the Great Lakes, Chicago and the rest—and certainly in California. The energy systems at Hoover Dam, on the Colorado River, are impeded by quagga mussels, and there is the delta with water hyacinths, and there are other lakes and streams throughout the West. 
If we let this problem continue to 
grow, we are going to continue to have less water and less power available to 
us. This is just under $4 million coming out of an account that was plussed up by some $32 million over and above what the administration thought nec-essary. I would remind all of us that the administration has done a rather good job on permitting, so much so that we now have the greatest produc-tion of oil and gas ever in the United States, so much so that we are on the verge of becoming energy sufficient. 
Do we need another $32 million to do 
what is already being done, or would that $4 million of that $32 million be better spent in dealing with the very real problem of trying to get water to the pumps so it can go south to Orange County and to Los Angeles and to San Joaquin County? 
Mr. Chairman, I look forward to 
working with you, but I am going to ask for a vote on this one. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, in 
closing, the plus up in the BLM ac-count was primarily to help resolve the issue in 11 States involving the sage- grouse, which is close to a listing, and we have a plus up in the Fish and Wild-life Service accounts to recognize a real problem that hits 11 Western States. 
We do not underestimate the prob-
lems in the West as they involve the drought, and we are going to continue to work on that. Again, I would oppose this based upon the offset. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
In addition, $39,696,000 is for Mining Law 
Administration program operations, includ-ing the cost of administering the mining 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.061 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4734 June 25, 2015 
claim fee program, to remain available until 
expended, to be reduced by amounts col-lected by the Bureau and credited to this ap-propriation from mining claim maintenance fees and location fees that are hereby au-thorized for fiscal year 2016, so as to result in a final appropriation estimated at not more than $1,015,046,000, and $2,000,000, to remain available until expended, from communica-tion site rental fees established by the Bu-reau for the cost of administering commu-nication site activities. 
LAND ACQUISITION  
For expenses necessary to carry out sec-
tions 205, 206, and 318(d) of Public Law 94–579, including administrative expenses and acqui-sition of lands or waters, or interests there-in, $7,250,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GUINTA  
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 3, line 25, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $7,000,000)’’. 
Page 8, line 14, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $11,000,000)’’. 
Page 9, line 11, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
Page 16, line 12, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $4,000,000)’’. 
Page 62, line 25, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $3,000,000)’’. 
Page 77, line 14, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $3,000,000)’’. 
Page 105, line 15, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
Mr. GUINTA (during the reading). 
Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from New Hampshire? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from New Hampshire and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New Hampshire. 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Chair, I rise today 
in support of my amendment to the De-partment of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations bill in order to increase funding by $16 million for the Land and Water Con-servation Fund. 
Since 1977, LWCF receipts have been 
collected annually to specifically fund Federal land acquisition, conserve threatened and endangered species, and provide grants to States. However, more than $18 billion has been syphoned from the LWCF trust fund since the program’s inception in 1965, diverted from their original conserva-tion purpose. Despite a history of underfunding, the LWCF remains a crucial Federal program to conserve our Nation’s land, water, historic, and recreational heritage. 
As those in my home State of New 
Hampshire know, we are lucky to call one of the most pristine ecological en-vironments in the Nation our home, and we understand firsthand LWCF’s impact on both our State’s natural re-sources and on our access to hunting, fishing, and outdoor activities. The 
LWCF is also an essential tool to ex-pand public lands and to protect na-tional parks, national wildlife refuges, national forests, wild and scenic river corridors, national scenic and historic trails, the Bureau of Land Management lands, and other Federal areas. 
I applaud the Appropriations Com-
mittee for its hard work on this impor-tant bill as it does prevent harmful ex-ecutive overreach, reduces regulatory burdens on job creators and local com-munities, and it finds important sav-ings for taxpayers. I certainly urge my colleagues to support the underlying bill, but given the importance of the LWCF programs across the country and in New Hampshire, I believe more robust funding for this particular pro-gram is important for the reasons I have stated. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in 
opposition to the gentleman’s amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, as the gen-
tleman knows, the bill already provides $87 million for other land acquisition. Our intent was to needle a Federal land acquisition program that has strong support in the East—certainly, in New Hampshire—and lukewarm support in the West, where the government al-ready owns a significant amount of real estate in the Western United States. When the conference begins on this bill with the Senate, Congress will exercise its power of the purse by se-lecting projects from the President’s budget to improve recreational access that have strong local, State, and con-gressional support. 
I will work with the gentleman. I 
know he is a strong advocate of the Land and Water Conservation Fund, but this amendment might leave advo-cates on both sides of the aisle with some difficult and unnecessary choices. Therefore, I ask the gentleman to con-sider withdrawing his amendment, knowing I will be working with him in the future to see if we can’t be of as-sistance through the conference proc-ess. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Chair, I thank the 
chairman, and I look forward to work-ing with him on this particular issue as it is important and critical to New Hampshire. 
I recognize the differences between 
the East and the West and the chal-lenges that we do face. Certainly, I sup-port, again, the underlying bill, and I look forward to working with the chairman on this very important issue in New Hampshire. 
Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent 
to withdraw my amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from 
New Hampshire? 
There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GARAMENDI  
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 3. line 25, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, to 
everyone here, this is one of those amendments that really becomes a talking point amendment, but this is something we need to talk about. Our colleague, a moment ago, raised the question of the Land and Water Con-servation Fund. In addition to the words that he spoke, we need to be aware that, later this next month—in about 100 days, actually. I guess that is more than a month—the Land and Water Conservation Fund is going to disappear. It needs to be reauthorized, and I see on the floor here today the men and women who are in a position to make that happen. 
We really cannot lose this program. 
For example, there are projects in the Sequoia National Forest, which is in the majority leader’s district, that were funded through the Land and Water Conservation Fund. There is a Galloway Park playground expansion in Clark County, Ohio. I think we know in whose district that is—the Speaker’s district. The chairman of the sub-committee here is from San Bernardino. There is the Santa Rosa and San Jacinto Mountains National Monument, and there is a Santa Ana River Trail and Parkway. I am sure the chairman is familiar with that park-way. These are all Land and Water Conservation projects that, over the years, have been in place. We have 100 days, and we have got some work to do here. 
Is the money available? Yes. There is 
$18 billion in the Land and Water Con-servation Fund, should it continue to exist, that has not been spent. It is sit-ting there. Well, I guess there is an IOU there. Actually, the cash isn’t there. There is an IOU because, over the years, we have diverted money from the original purpose and law to trans-fer that money over to all kinds of projects. Perhaps some of it even went to debt reduction. Nonetheless, it has not been used for its intended purpose and legal purpose, which is for the Land and Water Conservation Fund. Every year, over $900 million of royal-ties comes in from the oil and gas and energy companies for the public re-sources that they mine or pump out of the earth. Only a small fraction of that money has ever gone to the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
I want all of us to pay attention to 
this extraordinarily important pro-gram—a program that I was able to work with when I was Deputy Sec-retary at the Department of the Inte-rior, overseeing the projects in all of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.036 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4735 June 25, 2015 
our districts—parks, local parks, some 
of the big national parks, including na-tional forests, such as the one in Mr. M
CCARTHY ’s district. 
Why are we not moving aggressively 
to reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund? Why is it that, every year, we deny the public, wheth-er it is a playground or a swimming pool or a park expansion playground in Ohio, the opportunity for better lives in their own communities? 
I do not understand, and I don’t 
think that if any of us were to think about this for any amount of time that we would not say, yes, let’s reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund. Let’s not let it expire. Let’s make sure that the money that was in-tended for it—the royalties from the resources of this great Nation—be spent on providing for the projects that all of America can enjoy. That is what it is all about. 
I don’t know if I will go to a vote on 
this one, but I have, in my view here, leaders in the House who really have the power and, I think, the obligation to make sure the LWCF, the Land and Water Conservation Fund, is reauthor-ized and that we adequately fund it. I achieved, at least, my own goal of talk-ing about something that I believe to be important. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous con-
sent to withdraw my amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
OREGON AND CALIFORNIA GRANT LANDS  
For expenses necessary for management, 
protection, and development of resources and for construction, operation, and mainte-nance of access roads, reforestation, and other improvements on the revested Oregon and California Railroad grant lands, on other Federal lands in the Oregon and California land-grant counties of Oregon, and on adja-cent rights-of-way; and acquisition of lands or interests therein, including existing con-necting roads on or adjacent to such grant lands; $110,602,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That 25 percent of the 
aggregate of all receipts during the current fiscal year from the revested Oregon and California Railroad grant lands is hereby made a charge against the Oregon and Cali-fornia land-grant fund and shall be trans-ferred to the General Fund in the Treasury in accordance with the second paragraph of subsection (b) of title II of the Act of August 28, 1937 (43 U.S.C. 1181f). 
RANGE IMPROVEMENTS  
For rehabilitation, protection, and acquisi-
tion of lands and interests therein, and im-provement of Federal rangelands pursuant to section 401 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1751), not-withstanding any other Act, sums equal to 50 percent of all moneys received during the prior fiscal year under sections 3 and 15 of the Taylor Grazing Act (43 U.S.C. 315b, 315m) and the amount designated for range im-provements from grazing fees and mineral leasing receipts from Bankhead-Jones lands transferred to the Department of the Inte-rior pursuant to law, but not less than $10,000,000, to remain available until ex-
pended: Provided , That not to exceed $600,000 
shall be available for administrative ex-penses. 
SERVICE CHARGES , DEPOSITS , AND FORFEITURES  
For administrative expenses and other 
costs related to processing application docu-ments and other authorizations for use and disposal of public lands and resources, for costs of providing copies of official public land documents, for monitoring construc-tion, operation, and termination of facilities in conjunction with use authorizations, and for rehabilitation of damaged property, such amounts as may be collected under Public Law 94–579 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), and under section 28 of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 185), to remain available until ex-pended: Provided , That, notwithstanding any 
provision to the contrary of section 305(a) of Public Law 94–579 (43 U.S.C. 1735(a)), any moneys that have been or will be received pursuant to that section, whether as a result of forfeiture, compromise, or settlement, if not appropriate for refund pursuant to sec-tion 305(c) of that Act (43 U.S.C. 1735(c)), shall be available and may be expended under the authority of this Act by the Sec-retary to improve, protect, or rehabilitate any public lands administered through the Bureau of Land Management which have been damaged by the action of a resource de-veloper, purchaser, permittee, or any unau-thorized person, without regard to whether all moneys collected from each such action are used on the exact lands damaged which led to the action: Provided further , That any 
such moneys that are in excess of amounts needed to repair damage to the exact land for which funds were collected may be used to repair other damaged public lands. 
MISCELLANEOUS TRUST FUNDS  
In addition to amounts authorized to be 
expended under existing laws, there is hereby appropriated such amounts as may be con-tributed under section 307 of Public Law 94– 579 (43 U.S.C. 1737), and such amounts as may be advanced for administrative costs, sur-veys, appraisals, and costs of making con-veyances of omitted lands under section 211(b) of that Act (43 U.S.C. 1721(b)), to re-main available until expended. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
The Bureau of Land Management may 
carry out the operations funded under this Act by direct expenditure, contracts, grants, cooperative agreements and reimbursable agreements with public and private entities, including with States. Appropriations for the Bureau shall be available for purchase, erec-tion, and dismantlement of temporary struc-tures, and alteration and maintenance of necessary buildings and appurtenant facili-ties to which the United States has title; up to $100,000 for payments, at the discretion of the Secretary, for information or evidence concerning violations of laws administered by the Bureau; miscellaneous and emergency expenses of enforcement activities author-ized or approved by the Secretary and to be accounted for solely on the Secretary’s cer-tificate, not to exceed $10,000: Provided , That 
notwithstanding Public Law 90–620 (44 U.S.C. 501), the Bureau may, under cooperative cost-sharing and partnership arrangements authorized by law, procure printing services from cooperators in connection with jointly produced publications for which the coopera-tors share the cost of printing either in cash or in services, and the Bureau determines the cooperator is capable of meeting accept-ed quality standards: Provided further , That 
projects to be funded pursuant to a written commitment by a State government to pro-vide an identified amount of money in sup-port of the project may be carried out by the Bureau on a reimbursable basis. Appropria-
tions herein made shall not be available for the destruction of healthy, unadopted, wild horses and burros in the care of the Bureau or its contractors or for the sale of wild horses and burros that results in their de-struction for processing into commercial products. 
U
NITED STATES FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE  
RESOURCE MANAGEMENT  
For necessary expenses of the United 
States Fish and Wildlife Service, as author-ized by law, and for scientific and economic studies, general administration, and for the performance of other authorized functions related to such resources, $1,220,343,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2017: Pro-
vided , That not to exceed $10,257,000 shall be 
used for implementing subsections (a), (b), (c), and (e) of section 4 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533) (except for processing petitions, developing and issuing proposed and final regulations, and taking any other steps to implement actions de-scribed in subsection (c)(2)(A), (c)(2)(B)(i), or (c)(2)(B)(ii)). 
b1430 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . CLAWSON OF  
FLORIDA  
Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. I have an 
amendment for consideration, please. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 8, line 14, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
Page 62, line 8, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $1,200,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I will be brief and also try to im-prove just a little bit on a very good bill. 
My congratulations to the team and 
to the ranking member and to the chairman. 
Included in the U.S. Fish and Wildlife 
resource management account is fund-ing for the National Wildlife Refuge System. By my amendment, we ask that an extra $1 million be added to this account. We are offsetting the in-crease by taking $1 million from the $2.4 billion Environmental Protection Agency programs and management ac-count, hardly a stretch. 
The National Wildlife Refuge System 
has grown to over 563 national wildlife refuge and 38 wetland management dis-tricts, 150 million acres in all. We have several of these national wildlife ref-uges in my district or near my district, including J.N. ‘‘Ding’’ Darling National Wildlife Refuge on Sanibel Island and the Florida Panther National Wildlife Refuge outside of Naples. 
The ‘‘Ding’’ Darling National Wildlife 
Refuge, in particular, sets itself apart as a leading contributor to the econ-omy, with 816,000 visitors a year. Im-portantly, my hero, my mother, loves to go there, and I love to take her there in the autumn of her lifetime. I ask my fellow Members to support this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.069 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4736 June 25, 2015 
$1 million adjustment to these national 
treasures. 
Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. I yield to 
the gentleman from California. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
think this is a good amendment. I cer-tainly support it and would ask Mem-bers to vote ‘‘aye’’ on the amendment. 
Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I thank the chairman and the ranking member. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. C
LAWSON of 
Florida). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
CONSTRUCTION  
For construction, improvement, acquisi-
tion, or removal of buildings and other fa-cilities required in the conservation, man-agement, investigation, protection, and uti-lization of fish and wildlife resources, and the acquisition of lands and interests there-in; $13,144,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
LAND ACQUISITION  
For expenses necessary to carry out the 
Land and Water Conservation Fund Act of 1965, (16 U.S.C. 460l-4 et seq.), including ad-ministrative expenses, and for acquisition of land or waters, or interest therein, in accord-ance with statutory authority applicable to the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, $27,500,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended: Provided , That 
none of the funds appropriated for specific land acquisition projects may be used to pay for any administrative overhead, planning or other management costs. 
COOPERATIVE ENDANGERED SPECIES  
CONSERVATION FUND  
For expenses necessary to carry out sec-
tion 6 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1535), $50,095,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended. 
NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE FUND  
For expenses necessary to implement the 
Act of October 17, 1978 (16 U.S.C. 715s), $13,228,000. 
NORTH AMERICAN WETLANDS CONSERVATION  
FUND  
For expenses necessary to carry out the 
provisions of the North American Wetlands Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 4401 et seq.), $35,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
NEOTROPICAL MIGRATORY BIRD CONSERVATION  
For expenses necessary to carry out the 
Neotropical Migratory Bird Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 6101 et seq.), $3,660,000, to re-main available until expended. 
MULTINATIONAL SPECIES CONSERVATION FUND  
For expenses necessary to carry out the 
African Elephant Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 4201 et seq.), the Asian Elephant Conserva-tion Act of 1997 (16 U.S.C. 4261 et seq.), the Rhinoceros and Tiger Conservation Act of 1994 (16 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), the Great Ape Conservation Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), and the Marine Turtle Conservation Act of 2004 (16 U.S.C. 6601 et seq.), $9,561,000, to remain available until expended. 
STATE AND TRIBAL WILDLIFE GRANTS  
For wildlife conservation grants to States 
and to the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Guam, the United States Virgin Islands, the 
Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, and Indian tribes under the provisions of the Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 and the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act, for the devel-
opment and implementation of programs for the benefit of wildlife and their habitat, in-cluding species that are not hunted or fished, $59,195,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided , That of the amount pro-
vided herein, $4,084,000 is for a competitive grant program for Indian tribes not subject to the remaining provisions of this appro-priation: Provided further , That $5,987,000 is 
for a competitive grant program to imple-ment approved plans for States, territories, and other jurisdictions and at the discretion of affected States, the regional Associations of fish and wildlife agencies, not subject to the remaining provisions of this appropria-tion: Provided further , That the Secretary 
shall, after deducting $10,071,000 and adminis-trative expenses, apportion the amount pro-vided herein in the following manner: (1) to the District of Columbia and to the Com-monwealth of Puerto Rico, each a sum equal to not more than one-half of 1 percent there-of; and (2) to Guam, American Samoa, the United States Virgin Islands, and the Com-monwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, each a sum equal to not more than one- fourth of 1 percent thereof: Provided further , 
That the Secretary shall apportion the re-maining amount in the following manner: (1) one-third of which is based on the ratio to which the land area of such State bears to the total land area of all such States; and (2) two-thirds of which is based on the ratio to which the population of such State bears to the total population of all such States: Pro-
vided further , That the amounts apportioned 
under this paragraph shall be adjusted equi-tably so that no State shall be apportioned a sum which is less than 1 percent of the amount available for apportionment under this paragraph for any fiscal year or more than 5 percent of such amount: Provided fur-
ther, That the Federal share of planning 
grants shall not exceed 75 percent of the total costs of such projects and the Federal share of implementation grants shall not ex-ceed 65 percent of the total costs of such projects: Provided further , That the non-Fed-
eral share of such projects may not be de-rived from Federal grant programs: Provided 
further , That any amount apportioned in 2016 
to any State, territory, or other jurisdiction that remains unobligated as of September 30, 2017, shall be reapportioned, together with funds appropriated in 2018, in the manner provided herein. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
The United States Fish and Wildlife Serv-
ice may carry out the operations of Service programs by direct expenditure, contracts, grants, cooperative agreements and reim-bursable agreements with public and private entities. Appropriations and funds available to the United States Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice shall be available for repair of damage to public roads within and adjacent to reserva-tion areas caused by operations of the Serv-ice; options for the purchase of land at not to exceed $1 for each option; facilities incident to such public recreational uses on conserva-tion areas as are consistent with their pri-mary purpose; and the maintenance and im-provement of aquaria, buildings, and other facilities under the jurisdiction of the Serv-ice and to which the United States has title, and which are used pursuant to law in con-nection with management, and investigation of fish and wildlife resources: Provided , That 
notwithstanding 44 U.S.C. 501, the Service may, under cooperative cost sharing and partnership arrangements authorized by law, procure printing services from cooperators in connection with jointly produced publica-
tions for which the cooperators share at least one-half the cost of printing either in cash or services and the Service determines the cooperator is capable of meeting accept-ed quality standards: Provided further , That 
the Service may accept donated aircraft as replacements for existing aircraft: Provided 
further , That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, 
all fees collected for non-toxic shot review and approval shall be deposited under the heading ‘‘United States Fish and Wildlife Service—Resource Management’’ and shall be available to the Secretary, without fur-ther appropriation, to be used for expenses of processing of such non-toxic shot type or coating applications and revising regulations as necessary, and shall remain available until expended. 
N
ATIONAL PARKSERVICE  
OPERATION OF THE NATIONAL PARK SYSTEM  
For expenses necessary for the manage-
ment, operation, and maintenance of areas and facilities administered by the National Park Service and for the general administra-tion of the National Park Service, $2,327,811,000, of which $10,001,000 for planning and interagency coordination in support of Everglades restoration and $96,961,000 for maintenance, repair, or rehabilitation projects for constructed assets shall remain available until September 30, 2017. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . CLAWSON OF  
FLORIDA  
Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 14, line 10, after the first dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘increased by $1,000,000’’. 
Page 14, line 10, after the second dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘increased by $1,000,000’’. 
Page 62, line 8, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘reduced by $1,250,000’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, by this amendment, we are ask-ing for an additional $1 million to be put towards Everglades restoration to be paid for with a decrease in the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency’s envi-ronmental programs and management account. 
I first want to say that I am grateful 
to my Democratic colleague from Flor-ida, P
ATRICK MURPHY , who has sup-
ported me on this and repeatedly sup-ports our important Everglades initia-tives. 
Shortly after retiring from the pri-
vate sector 3 years ago, I took a walk in the Gulf with my father. When we waded into the Gulf, we got to about knee depth of water, and we looked down and we couldn’t see our toes be-cause that was a bad year for all the discharges into the Gulf of Mexico. 
So my dad said to me: Can you do 
something about this? Just get in-volved. 
I said: Dad, what can a retired auto 
parts executive do to help this situa-tion? 
He said: If you get involved, you will 
figure out what to do. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.072 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4737 June 25, 2015 
From there, I got involved in local 
matters and then eventually came here to Congress. 
In Florida, we are indeed blessed to 
have an extensive network of over 1.5 million acres of freshwater and salt-water, known as Everglades National Park. It is the largest remaining sub-tropical wilderness in the United States, and it serves as home to numer-ous beautiful species, including a num-ber of endangered species. For these reasons, we must guarantee the Ever-glades continue to reflect our shared values of healthy landscape through ef-fective stewardship and conscientious management, and that is why I offer this amendment today. 
Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. I yield to 
the gentleman from California. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in support of the gentleman’s amend-ment. I know he has been a champion for the Everglades. It is certainly a concern of this committee. I want to get out there and look at those pythons in the Everglades. I understand they are all over the place. 
Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. There are 
too many of them. 
Mr. CALVERT. Yes, too many, that 
is the problem. 
I would be happy to support this 
amendment. I would urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote when it comes up. 
Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. C
LAWSON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . SEWELL OF  
ALABAMA  
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 14, line 10, after the first dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,500,000)’’. 
Page 14, line 24, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $4,500,000)’’. 
Page 15, line 5, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $4,500,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 8, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $7,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentlewoman from Alabama and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Alabama. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise today to thank the gen-tleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ), 
the subcommittee chairman, as well as the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ), the ranking member, for 
their hard work in shepherding this im-portant legislation to the floor and, most importantly, for working with me and my staff to propose this amend-ment and to make sure that it is budg-et neutral. 
On the 50th anniversary of the Voting 
Rights Act, we need to invest in the National Park Service sites associated 
with the civil rights movement, not cut necessary funding. Seminal loca-tions such as the Selma to Mont-gomery National Historic Trail, Little Rock Central High School National Historic Site, Brown v. Board of Edu-cation National Historic Site, and the Martin Luther King, Jr. National His-toric Site tell the story of the struggle for civil rights and voting rights in this country. It is our obligation to pre-serve these prominent locations for fu-ture generations. 
My amendment increases funding by 
$2.5 million for the documentation and preservation of civil rights history as well as restores $2.5 million for the re-habilitation and preservation of his-toric sites on the campuses of Histori-cally Black Colleges, and $2 million ad-ditional for competitive grants for the civil rights initiative to preserve sites of the civil rights movement. 
Institutions such as Miles College in 
Alabama and Tougaloo College in Mis-sissippi served as a base for students who were involved in the civil rights movement. Some projects that would benefit would include digitizing the ar-chives at places like Tuskegee Univer-sity, where the Tuskegee Airmen as well as the records and papers of Book-er T. Washington and George Wash-ington Carver reside. Other sites that would benefit from this funding include the Carter G. Woodson Home National Historic Site in Washington, D.C., the Selma Interpretive Center at Selma University, the Selma to Montgomery Interpretive Center at Alabama State University, and the Harriet Tubman Underground Railroad National His-toric Park in Maryland. 
Mr. Chairman, over the last 5 years, 
as the Representative of the Seventh Congressional District and a proud product of Selma, Alabama, my native hometown, it has been an honor to not only represent this wonderful district, but to protect the legacy of those that came before us and to make sure that the history of the movement is pre-served for future generations. 
It was my high honor on March 7, 
2015, to welcome President and Mrs. Obama as well as President and Mrs. George W. Bush, along with 100 Mem-bers of Congress and the Senate, Re-publican and Democrat, to my home-town of Selma, where we commemo-rated the 50th anniversary of the Selma to Montgomery March. Let us try to preserve that history and con-tinue to show our commitment to the legacy of J
OHNLEWIS and those brave 
Freedom Fighters who changed the Na-tion as well as this world by their quest for equality and justice for all. 
I want to again thank the sub-
committee chair, Mr. C
ALVERT , and I 
want to thank the ranking member, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , for their dedication 
and commitment to this preservation. I urge my colleagues to support the Se-well amendment and commit ourselves to the task of preserving the civil rights and voting rights. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CALVERT. I claim time in oppo-
sition, but I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to thank the gentlewoman for a fine amendment and the great work that she has done working with both the majority and minority staff in fash-ioning this amendment. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. CALVERT. I yield to the gentle-
woman from Minnesota. 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman for the generosity of yielding to me. 
I also support the Sewell amendment 
to increase funding for the President’s civil rights initiative. I remain a strong supporter of the President’s ini-tial request for $50 million for the civil rights initiative. While the gentle-woman’s amendment would increase funding by $7 million, we still have a long way to go to get the adequate funding for these very important sa-cred places, I might add, in our Na-tion’s history, to protect them. 
I appreciate the majority’s willing-
ness to accept this amendment, and I thank the sponsor for offering it. 
I thank the gentleman, once again, 
for his kindness in yielding. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Chair-
man, I just want to again reiterate my thanks. In this commemorative year of the Selma to Montgomery March and so many pivotal moments, including our upcoming 50th anniversary of the signing of the Voting Rights Act, I thank you for your commitment to making sure that we preserve these wonderful sites for future generations. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chair, I wish to join my 
colleague from Alabama, Congresswoman S
E-
WELL , to support this amendment, which would 
restore necessary funding for preserving our nation’s Civil Rights history. 
This amendment would increase funding by 
$2.5 million for documentation and preserva-tion of Civil Rights history, as well as restoring $2.5 million for the rehabilitation and preserva-tion of historic sites on the campuses of HBCUs. In my own state of Maryland, the Har-riet Tubman Underground Railroad National Monument in Dorchester is currently putting together educational programming in conjunc-tion with the Harriet Tubman State Park, which is slated to open later this year. 
This National Monument is an important part 
of telling our American story—especially in light of the fact that, currently, only 26 of our nation’s 460 national parks have a primary focus on African-American history. 
It is our responsibility as federal representa-
tives to come together in order to preserve the history of our nation and its people. We must keep this commitment to preserve the legacy of the Civil Rights Movement, and the land and structures that will keep that legacy alive. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.075 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4738 June 25, 2015 
I encourage all of my colleagues, both Dem-
ocrat and Republican, to support this amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Alabama (Ms. S
EWELL ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GALLEGO  
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 14, line 10, after the first dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000) (re-duced by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Chairman, my 
amendment will help ensure that all communities are able to participate in decisions that shape the National Park Service. Environmental justice is de-fined as the fair treatment and mean-ingful involvement of all people—re-gardless of race, color, national origin, or income—with respect to our Na-tion’s environmental laws and policies. This amendment represents an impor-tant step towards that goal. 
The NPS has a robust planning, envi-
ronment, and public comment database and Web site, known as PEPC. 
b1445 
This Web site is used for consultation 
and providing information on planning issues such as management plans, con-struction projects, environmental as-sessments, and environmental impact statements. This Web site is how the users of the National Park Service can participate in NPS decisionmaking. 
Unfortunately, however, PEPC is 
only available in English—no Spanish, none of the Asian languages spoken by the fastest growing segment of our pop-ulation, and none of the indigenous languages of our Native American brothers and sisters. 
To address this shortcoming, my 
amendment will provide $1 million to update PEPC. This funding will provide translation of the contents of PEPC to the public, the ability of the public to provide input into the PEPC process in the most commonly spoken languages, and informing affected communities of the improvements. 
Mr. Chairman, America is becoming 
more and more diverse every day, and our land management agencies must adapt to it. It is critical that new and growing community can access our public lands and services. They are the new users and stewards that Federal land management agencies such as the National Park Service must engage as it prepares for its centennial. 
To reach these Americans, the NPS 
will need improved tools to clearly communicate with people who may struggle to comprehend materials in English. That is exactly what my amendment intends to accomplish. 
This measure will help the Park Serv-ice and the Department of the Interior to achieve their performance bench-marks. 
One of the key measures of the De-
partment’s environmental justice out-comes is outreach to minority and un-derserved communities. Executive Order 13116 states that all Federal agencies shall provide access to serv-ices for persons with limited English proficiency. By offering a Web inter-face in multiple languages, NPS will increase its relevance to minority com-munities and help the Department of the Interior to make progress towards this very important requirement. 
Mr. Chairman, we can all agree that 
engaging the public on important deci-sions that affect their communities is a linchpin of our system of government. When all communities are afforded ac-cess to the decisionmaking process, we improve the outcomes of those deci-sions and we strengthen our democ-racy. 
I hope all Members will join me in 
supporting this critical amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 14, after line 14, insert the following: 
EMERGENCY INFRASTRUCTURE REPAIRS  
For expenses necessary for emergency in-
frastructure repairs related to the National Park Service deferred maintenance backlog, $11,500,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve a point of order on the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 333, 
the gentleman from Virginia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I rise to 
offer an amendment to provide $11.5 billion to fund emergency infrastruc-ture repairs related to the National Park Service deferred maintenance backlog. 
Mr. Chair, earlier this month, the 
National Park Service, at the rec-ommendation of the Department of Transportation, took the pre-cautionary measure of closing two lanes on the iconic Arlington Memorial Bridge, one of the most important en-trances to the Nation’s Capital and a major artery for many of my constitu-ents commuting to work every day. 
The crisis of the Memorial Bridge, 
whose replacement will cost a startling $250 million, demonstrates the degrada-tion of park infrastructure throughout 
the country. It also shows the extent of the backlog and the need to provide funds to ensure reliability for the econ-omy as well as the safety of the public. 
The backlog has also grown because 
of a steady decline in the construction account. Over the last decade, there has been a 62 percent decline, $227 mil-lion in today’s dollars. The Park Serv-ice receives only 58 cents out of every dollar needed just to keep the backlog from growing. 
Mr. Chair, the United States is the 
richest country in the history of man-kind. We are the democratic leader, the military leader, the human rights lead-er, the financial leader of all the world. Can we not also be the investment leader? 
This country needs to be the country 
that invests in our infrastructure today for our children and our grand-children tomorrow. 
Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chair, I rise in support 
of increased funding for the National Park Service in order to address the deferred main-tenance backlog. 
Despite its significant and multifaceted con-
tributions to our country, the National Park Service budget has been shrinking, compro-mising its ability to adequately protect our treasured national history. Shrinking appropria-tions and increasing wear and tear on aging infrastructure has led to a maintenance back-log of approximately $11.5 billion dollars, in-cluding dilapidated visitor centers, unmaintained trails, and failing water treatment facilities. 
More than half of the maintenance backlog, 
approximately $6 billion, is comprised of trans-portation projects that require funding through the Highway Trust Fund, not the Park Service. The Arlington Memorial Bridge, which is so im-portant to our nation, connecting the Lincoln Memorial to Arlington National Cemetery, is so badly corroded that it must be partially shut down for six to nine months. In fact, the esti-mated total cost of repairs for the bridge is more than the entire annual allocation to the Park Service from the Highway Trust Fund. 
This trend is completely unsustainable if we 
want our children and grandchildren to have the same opportunity to visit and enjoy some of our nation’s most iconic sites. 
At recent hearings on the Natural Re-
sources Committee, I have heard many of my colleagues express their frustrations with the maintenance backlog. This is our opportunity to address the problem, but we are once again kicking the can down the pothole rid-dled, crumbling road. 
Next year is the 100th anniversary of the 
National Park Service, which will bring even more visitors to our parks. I urge my col-leagues to not only address the maintenance backlog at the National Park Service, but to come together and pass a long-term fix for the Highway Trust Fund so that we can address the maintenance backlog. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
make a point of order that the amend-ment proposes a net increase in budget authority in the bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.043 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4739 June 25, 2015 
The amendment is not in order under 
section 3(d)(3) of House Resolution 5, 114th Congress, which states: 
‘‘It shall not be in order to consider 
an amendment to a general appropria-tions bill proposing a net increase in budget authority in the bill unless con-sidered en bloc with another amend-ment or amendments proposing an equal or greater decrease in such budg-et authority pursuant to clause 2(f) of rule XXI.’’ 
The amendment proposes a net in-
crease in budget authority in the bill in violation of such section. 
I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in support of increased funding for the National Park Service in order to ad-dress the deferred maintenance back-log. 
Despite its significant and multi-
faceted contributions to our country, the National Park Service budget has been shrinking, compromising its abil-ity to adequately protect our treasured national history. 
Shrinking appropriations and in-
creasing wear and tear on aging infra-structure has led—— 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
must confine her remarks to the point of order. 
Does any other Member wish to be 
heard on the point of order? 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, the Inte-
rior Subcommittee has done its best to invest in parks, but given its insuffi-cient allocation, this was the only meaningful way for the very obvious need for the $11.5 billion for infrastruc-ture. 
The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
If not, the Chair is prepared to rule. The gentleman from California 
makes a point of order that the amend-ment offered by the gentleman from Virginia violates section 3(d)(3) of House Resolution 5. 
Section 3(d)(3) establishes a point of 
order against an amendment proposing a net increase in budget authority in the pending bill. 
As persuasively asserted by the gen-
tleman from California, the amend-ment proposes a net increase in budget authority in the bill. Therefore, the point of order is sustained. The amend-ment is not in order. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
NATIONAL RECREATION AND PRESERVATION  
For expenses necessary to carry out recre-
ation programs, natural programs, cultural programs, heritage partnership programs, environmental compliance and review, inter-national park affairs, and grant administra-tion, not otherwise provided for, $62,467,000. 
HISTORIC PRESERVATION FUND  
For expenses necessary in carrying out the 
National Historic Preservation Act (16 U.S.C. 470 et seq.), $60,910,000, to be derived from the Historic Preservation Fund and to remain available until September 30, 2017, of which 
$500,000 is for competitive grants for the sur-vey and nomination of properties to the Na-tional Register of Historic Places and as Na-tional Historic Landmarks associated with communities currently underrepresented, as determined by the Secretary, and of which $4,500,000 is for competitive grants to pre-serve the sites and stories of the Civil Rights movement: Provided , That such competitive 
grants shall be made without imposing the matching requirements in Section 102(a)(3) of the National Historic Preservation Act (16 U.S.C. 470(a)(3)). 
CONSTRUCTION  
For construction, improvements, repair, or 
replacement of physical facilities, including modifications authorized by section 104 of the Everglades National Park Protection and Expansion Act of 1989 (16 U.S.C. 410r-8), $139,555,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided , That notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, for any project ini-tially funded in fiscal year 2016 with a future phase indicated in the National Park Service 5–Year Line Item Construction Plan, a single procurement may be issued which includes the full scope of the project: Provided further , 
That the solicitation and contract shall con-tain the clause availability of funds found at 48 CFR 52.232–18. 
LAND AND WATER CONSERVATION FUND  
(RESCISSION)  
The contract authority provided for fiscal 
year 2016 by section 9 of the Land and Water Conservation Fund Act of 1965 (16 U.S.C. 460l- 10a) is rescinded. 
LAND ACQUISITION AND STATE ASSISTANCE  
For expenses necessary to carry out the 
Land and Water Conservation Act of 1965 (16 U.S.C. 460l-4 through 11), including adminis-trative expenses, and for acquisition of lands or waters, or interest therein, in accordance with the statutory authority applicable to the National Park Service, $84,367,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund and to remain available until ex-pended, of which $48,117,000 is for the State assistance program and of which $9,000,000 shall be for the American Battlefield Protec-tion Program grants as authorized by sec-tion 7301 of the Omnibus Public Land Man-agement Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–11). 
CENTENNIAL CHALLENGE  
For expenses necessary to carry out the 
provisions of section 814(g) of Public Law 104–333 (16 U.S.C. 1f) relating to challenge cost share agreements, $20,000,000, to remain available until expended, for Centennial Challenge projects and programs: Provided , 
That not less than 50 percent of the total cost of each project or program shall be de-rived from non-Federal sources in the form of donated cash, assets, or a pledge of dona-tion guaranteed by an irrevocable letter of credit. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . TSONGAS  
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 16, line 22, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $30,000,000) (reduced by $30,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentlewoman from Massachusetts and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Massachusetts. 
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chair, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. My amendment is intended to recog-
nize the National Park Service’s Cen-tennial Challenge and the importance of funding the program at the level re-quested by President Obama and the National Park Service. 
Next year is the 100th anniversary of 
the National Park Service, a milestone in this country’s history that we as a nation should be proud of and cele-brate. For a century now, the national parks have preserved and protected our Nation’s natural, cultural, and historic resources for the use and enjoyment of future generations. I am proud to rep-resent two national parks. 
In my hometown, the Lowell Na-
tional Historic Park was the first urban national park of its kind, com-memorating, preserving, and pro-tecting the catalytic role the city played in spawning America’s Indus-trial Revolution. 
Minute Man National Historic Park 
is just down the road in Concord, where visitors can see firsthand where the shot heard ’round the world was fired and where the American Revolution began. 
The many visitors to both sites are 
grateful that our country has made the commitment to protecting our history and our landscapes for future genera-tions, coming away awed and inspired by the sites that have shaped who we are as a people. 
The upcoming centennial is a tre-
mendous opportunity to increase pub-lic engagement with our parks so that we may not only celebrate the places we love to visit with family and friends, but also make the necessary investments that will prepare our parks for the next 100 years. 
Despite its significant and multi-
faceted obligations, the Park Service budget has been shrinking, compro-mising its ability to ensure adequate protection to our treasured national history. 
Since 2010, there has been more than 
a 7 percent, or $178 million in today’s dollars, reduction in the account to op-erate national parks. Over the last dec-ade, there has been a 62 percent, or $227 million in today’s dollars, decline in the National Park Service construction account. This has led to an enormous deferred maintenance backlog, totaling $11.5 billion of dilapidated visitor cen-ters, unmaintained trail centers, and failing water treatment facilities. 
Historically, our parks have had bi-
partisan support. To mark the 50th an-niversary of the National Park Service in 1966, President Eisenhower initiated Mission 66, which invested more than $1 billion in improvements to visitor facilities throughout the park system. 
Ten years ahead of the 100th anniver-
sary, President George W. Bush launched the Centennial Initiative, a 10-year, $3 billion plan to restore the parks through a combination of public and private funding. That effort was never fully realized, but President Obama revived the initiative ahead of the 2016 centennial celebration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.083 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4740 June 25, 2015 
In the FY15 omnibus spending bill, 
Congress provided $10 million to rein-vigorate the Centennial Challenge. The initial $10 million Federal investment was matched by an additional $16 mil-lion in private donations for signature centennial projects. 
In total, 106 projects were selected 
throughout the country to improve vis-itor services, chip away at the deferred maintenance backlog, and support youth programs. Over 200 projects were submitted, demonstrating the high de-mand for additional money to be matched by private contributions. 
Given the overwhelming success from 
the $10 million investment this year, Congress should strongly consider in-creasing funding levels for the Centen-nial Challenge in 2017. 
I understand that this is a difficult 
task, given the inadequate funding al-location provided for the Interior De-partment under the Budget Control Act and sequestration. I regret that we were unable to do so through this amendment. The funding allocation for the National Park Service represents 
yet another example of why Congress must work together on a bipartisan basis to end sequestration. 
I hope that we can find a way to sup-
port the Centennial Challenge and the President’s budget request for the Na-tional Park Service so that we not only celebrate the places we love to visit with family and friends, but to make the necessary investments that will prepare our parks for the next 100 years. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER .) 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chair, I rise in sup-
port of Representative T SONGAS ’ 
amendment to support the National Park Service’s Centennial Challenge. 
As a former National Park Service 
Ranger, I am proud to serve as a Con-gressional Friend of the National Park Service Centennial, and I eagerly await the centennial in 2016: Find Your Park. 
As the NPS approaches its centennial 
year, it is important to ensure they have the resources they need to enter into the second century of service to the American people. The Interior Sub-committee has tried its very best to in-vest in parks, given its insufficient al-location; but with the centennial ap-proaching and the buildup of park needs, this level is not remotely enough for parks. 
Recognizing the serious impact of 
both the Budget Control Act and emer-gency wildfire suppression on the Inte-rior allocation, Congress still must find a way to meet the needs of parks by se-curing another budget deal to get rid of the threat of sequester. There is no better time than the centennial for a robust investment in our national parks by Congress and the American people. It is time to make our national parks a national priority. 
b1500 
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. P
OEof 
Texas). The question is on the amend-ment offered by the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
In addition to other uses set forth in sec-
tion 407(d) of Public Law 105–391, franchise fees credited to a sub-account shall be avail-able for expenditure by the Secretary, with-out further appropriation, for use at any unit within the National Park System to extin-guish or reduce liability for Possessory In-terest or leasehold surrender interest. Such funds may only be used for this purpose to the extent that the benefitting unit antici-pated franchise fee receipts over the term of the contract at that unit exceed the amount of funds used to extinguish or reduce liabil-ity. Franchise fees at the benefitting unit shall be credited to the sub-account of the originating unit over a period not to exceed the term of a single contract at the benefit-ting unit, in the amount of funds so ex-pended to extinguish or reduce liability. 
For the costs of administration of the 
Land and Water Conservation Fund grants authorized by section 105(a)(2)(B) of the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006 (Pub-lic Law 109–432), the National Park Service may retain up to 3 percent of the amounts which are authorized to be disbursed under such section, such retained amounts to re-main available until expended. 
National Park Service funds may be trans-
ferred to the Federal Highway Administra-tion (FHWA), Department of Transportation, for purposes authorized under 23 U.S.C. 204. Transfers may include a reasonable amount for FHWA administrative support costs. 
U
NITED STATES GEOLOGICAL SURVEY  
SURVEYS , INVESTIGATIONS , AND RESEARCH  
For expenses necessary for the United 
States Geological Survey to perform sur-veys, investigations, and research covering topography, geology, hydrology, biology, and the mineral and water resources of the United States, its territories and posses-sions, and other areas as authorized by 43 U.S.C. 31, 1332, and 1340; classify lands as to their mineral and water resources; give engi-neering supervision to power permittees and Federal Energy Regulatory Commission li-censees; administer the minerals exploration program (30 U.S.C. 641); conduct inquiries into the economic conditions affecting min-ing and materials processing industries (30 U.S.C. 3, 21a, and 1603; 50 U.S.C. 98g(1)) and related purposes as authorized by law; and to publish and disseminate data relative to the foregoing activities; $1,045,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017; of which $57,637,189 shall remain available until ex-pended for satellite operations; and of which $7,280,000 shall be available until expended for deferred maintenance and capital im-provement projects that exceed $100,000 in cost: Provided , That none of the funds pro-
vided for the ecosystem research activity shall be used to conduct new surveys on pri-vate property, unless specifically authorized in writing by the property owner: Provided 
further , That no part of this appropriation 
shall be used to pay more than one-half the cost of topographic mapping or water re-sources data collection and investigations carried on in cooperation with States and municipalities. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
From within the amount appropriated for 
activities of the United States Geological Survey such sums as are necessary shall be 
available for contracting for the furnishing of topographic maps and for the making of geophysical or other specialized surveys when it is administratively determined that such procedures are in the public interest; construction and maintenance of necessary buildings and appurtenant facilities; acquisi-tion of lands for gauging stations and obser-vation wells; expenses of the United States National Committee for Geological Sciences; and payment of compensation and expenses of persons employed by the Survey duly ap-pointed to represent the United States in the negotiation and administration of interstate compacts: Provided , That activities funded 
by appropriations herein made may be ac-complished through the use of contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements as defined in section 6302 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further , That the United 
States Geological Survey may enter into contracts or cooperative agreements directly with individuals or indirectly with institu-tions or nonprofit organizations, without re-gard to 41 U.S.C. 6101, for the temporary or intermittent services of students or recent graduates, who shall be considered employ-ees for the purpose of chapters 57 and 81 of title 5, United States Code, relating to com-pensation for travel and work injuries, and chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code, relating to tort claims, but shall not be con-sidered to be Federal employees for any other purposes. 
B
UREAU OF OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT  
OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT  
For expenses necessary for granting leases, 
easements, rights-of-way and agreements for use for oil and gas, other minerals, energy, and marine-related purposes on the Outer Continental Shelf and approving operations related thereto, as authorized by law; for en-vironmental studies, as authorized by law; 
for implementing other laws and to the ex-tent provided by Presidential or Secretarial delegation; and for matching grants or coop-erative agreements, $167,270,000, of which $70,648,000, is to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017 and of which $96,622,000 is to remain available until expended: Provided , 
That this total appropriation shall be re-duced by amounts collected by the Secretary and credited to this appropriation from addi-tions to receipts resulting from increases to lease rental rates in effect on August 5, 1993, and from cost recovery fees from activities conducted by the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management pursuant to the Outer Conti-nental Shelf Lands Act, including studies, assessments, analysis, and miscellaneous ad-ministrative activities: Provided further , 
That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as such collections are received dur-ing the fiscal year, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2016 appropriation estimated at not more than $70,648,000: Provided further , 
That not to exceed $3,000 shall be available for reasonable expenses related to promoting volunteer beach and marine cleanup activi-ties. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MRS . CAPPS  
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 21, line 3, after each of the first and 
second dollar amounts, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,434,000)’’. 
Page 64, line 21, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $5,434,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentlewoman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.085 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4741 June 25, 2015 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from California. 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Chairman, drilling 
for and transporting oil and gas is a dirty and dangerous business. There is no disputing that. 
No matter what assurances are given 
by the oil industry, spills do happen, and they will continue to happen as we depend on fossil fuels for our energy needs. 
Sadly, my constituents in Santa Bar-
bara, California, are far too familiar with this reality. Just over a month ago, on May 19, over 100,000 gallons of crude oil spilled from the Plains All American pipeline along the Gaviota Coast. The oil spilled down a hill, through a culvert, and into the ocean, eventually spreading thick, black tar along nearly 100 miles of coastline. 
This was a unique spill, in that it im-
pacted both land and ocean, requiring both the Environmental Protection Agency, or EPA, as well as the Coast Guard to respond to and lead the clean-up effort. 
When it comes to oil spills, the dam-
age gets worse by the minute, so ensur-ing that spill response teams are prop-erly trained and prepared to respond quickly is essential to minimizing the impacts. This is precisely why the EPA has jurisdiction over the inland oil spill program. 
The EPA uses this funding to pre-
vent, to prepare for, and to respond to oil spills associated with the more than 600,000 oil storage facilities that the Agency regulates. The EPA’s oil pro-gram also provides oil spill response re-sources and training for States, local-ities, and tribal governments. 
Despite its scope and importance, 
this program has been seriously under-funded for years, and H.R. 2822 only makes things worse by funding this program at nearly 25 percent less than the President requested. 
My amendment would simply in-
crease funding for this program by $5.4 million, to match the President’s re-quested amount of $23.4 million for fis-cal year 2016. This modest increase in funding would help ensure that EPA can do its job to help protect coastal areas, like the one I represent, from the impacts of oil spills. 
The funding increase, however, would 
be offset by reducing the conventional energy account at the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, or BOME, by an equal amount. 
I want to be clear. This funding re-
duction for BOME is intended to target the funding used for new offshore oil and gas leasing. BOME will continue to fund safety operations and environ-mental assessments. 
The new 5-year offshore oil and gas 
program being drafted by BOME calls for 14 potential lease sales, including in some new areas off the East Coast. Ex-panding drilling by cutting funding for oil spill cleanup is incredibly irrespon-sible. 
Mr. Chairman, I have spent my entire 
career in Congress fighting to stop off-shore drilling because I firmly believe 
the risks outweigh the benefits. Per-haps the current majority does not agree with me on this goal. 
I hope we can at least all agree that 
we should not be expanding oil drilling unless we are properly preparing for the spills that will inevitably occur. As long as we drill for oil, there will be oil spills, and the economic and ecological risks of these spills only increases when the oil is extracted offshore. 
While the Coast Guard is responsible 
for responding to offshore spills, the re-cent spill in my district shows that off-shore drilling can also have onshore impacts, especially for coastal commu-nities like those I represent. 
The oil that spilled from the Plains 
All American pipeline was extracted just a few miles offshore in Federal waters. It was then pumped onshore to a holding facility, and it continued through the pipeline that ruptured. This offshore oil spilled from the pipe-line, down a hillside, on to the beach, and back into the ocean under which it had been extracted. 
Drilling and spill cleanup are inex-
tricably linked. The least we can do is ensure that the EPA has the resources it needs to ensure that the spills are quickly and properly cleaned up when they inevitably happen. 
This is precisely what my amend-
ment seeks to achieve. I urge my col-leagues to support it, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. CALVERT. As in the case with 
many of the amendments today before us, I cannot support the offset. Let me say this: EPA may be reimbursed for oil spill response activities from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund. 
Now, personally, I think EPA should 
have direct access to that trust fund to avoid the delays, these administrative reimbursement delays, when respond-ing to an oil spill such as what hap-pened in California. However, that is an authorizing issue, not an appro-priating issue. 
That is the proper place because 
those dollars will be there eventually to clean that up, and we just need to clean up the bureaucracy to have more immediacy in that process. 
This offset, I cannot support; and so, 
for that reason, I oppose the amend-ment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Chairman, I have 
no additional speakers. I am prepared to close. In closing, I would like to re-iterate two points. 
First, that oil and gas exploration is 
inherently dangerous, there is no dis-puting that. Spills do happen. Unfortu-nately, my district observed these con-sequences firsthand during the Plains pipeline spill just over a month ago. 
Second, if we are going to continue 
to extract, to transport, and to utilize oil, we need to be prepared for the in-
evitability of these spills. The EPA’s inland oil spill program is intended for just this purpose, to be prepared to re-spond to the inevitable. 
It is irresponsible to develop new oil 
extraction, including offshore, without being prepared to respond to its risk. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge support for this 
amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
would urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amend-ment. I don’t agree to the offset. The fact that we have an Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund, that should be accessed. 
I will be happy to work with the gen-
tlewoman to work with the authorizers where we can get more immediate re-sponse to these kinds of activities that happen from time to time around the country, but I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from California (Mrs. C
APPS ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
BUREAU OF SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL  
ENFORCEMENT  
OFFSHORE SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL  
ENFORCEMENT  
For expenses necessary for the regulation 
of operations related to leases, easements, rights-of-way and agreements for use for oil and gas, other minerals, energy, and marine- related purposes on the Outer Continental Shelf, as authorized by law; for enforcing and implementing laws and regulations as au-thorized by law and to the extent provided by Presidential or Secretarial delegation; and for matching grants or cooperative agreements, $123,354,000, of which $66,147,000 is to remain available until September 30, 2017, and of which $57,207,000 is to remain available until expended: Provided , That this 
total appropriation shall be reduced by amounts collected by the Secretary and credited to this appropriation from additions to receipts resulting from increases to lease rental rates in effect on August 5, 1993, and from cost recovery fees from activities con-ducted by the Bureau of Safety and Environ-mental Enforcement pursuant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, including stud-ies, assessments, analysis, and miscellaneous administrative activities: Provided further , 
That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as such collections are received dur-ing the fiscal year, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2016 appropriation estimated at not more than $66,147,000. 
For an additional amount, $65,000,000, to 
remain available until expended, to be re-duced by amounts collected by the Secretary and credited to this appropriation, which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.089 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4742 June 25, 2015 
shall be derived from non-refundable inspec-
tion fees collected in fiscal year 2016, as pro-vided in this Act: Provided , That to the ex-
tent that amounts realized from such inspec-tion fees exceed $65,000,000, the amounts real-ized in excess of $65,000,000 shall be credited to this appropriation and remain available until expended: Provided further , That for fis-
cal year 2016, not less than 50 percent of the inspection fees expended by the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement will be used to fund personnel and mission-re-lated costs to expand capacity and expedite the orderly development, subject to environ-mental safeguards, of the Outer Continental Shelf pursuant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq.), in-cluding the review of applications for per-mits to drill. 
OIL SPILL RESEARCH  
For necessary expenses to carry out title I, 
section 1016, title IV, sections 4202 and 4303, title VII, and title VIII, section 8201 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, $14,899,000, which shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund, to remain available until ex-pended. 
O
FFICE OF SURFACE MINING RECLAMATION AND  
ENFORCEMENT  
REGULATION AND TECHNOLOGY  
For necessary expenses to carry out the 
provisions of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977, Public Law 95–87, $123,253,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017: Provided , That appropria-
tions for the Office of Surface Mining Rec-lamation and Enforcement may provide for the travel and per diem expenses of State and tribal personnel attending Office of Sur-face Mining Reclamation and Enforcement sponsored training. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON OF OHIO  
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 24, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
Page 65, lines 5 and 10, after each dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Ohio and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Ohio. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Chair-
man, I, too, would like to thank Chair-man C
ALVERT and the subcommittee 
for a great underlying piece of legisla-tion. We have got a great appropria-tions bill here, and I look forward to supporting it. 
My amendment to the FY 2016 Inte-
rior and Environment Appropriations bill will keep the Office of Surface Min-ing Reclamation and Enforcement’s spending in check with the agency’s obligation. Specifically, it will reduce OSM’s regulation and technology budg-et by $2 million and transfer those funds to the Drinking Water State Re-volving Funds. 
According to OSM, States and tribes 
perform 97 percent of the regulatory activity relating to surface coal min-ing in the United States; yet OSM re-ceives 25 percent of the staffing re-sources to perform 3 percent of the work. This amendment will help bring 
spending in parity with the work done by OSM. 
Although the Surface Mining Control 
and Reclamation Act, or SMCRA, was enacted to allow States with approved programs to assume exclusive jurisdic-tion of mining in their States, under the current administration, OSM has increasingly used its inflated budget to improperly usurp the lawful decisions of State regulators. 
This amendment will help curtail ex-
cessive Federal interference and re-store the State’s role in surface mining regulation. For instance, over the past 5 years, OSM has spent more than $10 million of its disproportionately large budget to pursue a wholesale regu-latory rewrite of the agency’s regu-latory program. 
Dubbed the ‘‘stream protection rule’’ 
by the agency, this massive regulatory undertaking has little to do with pro-tecting streams and more to do with riding roughshod over State regulating programs and the role of other agen-cies, including State Clean Water Act regulators. 
During its pursuit of the stream pro-
tection rule, OSM has completely cut 
States out of the process, in violation of its legal obligations under the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act. 
My amendment will help restrain the 
resources of the agency from promul-gating a rule made without State con-sultation and in violation of NEPA. 
In fact, 10 States initially signed a 
memorandum of understanding with OSM and agreed to serve as cooper-ating agencies for the development of the environmental impact statement to accompany the so-called stream pro-tection rule. 
Of those 10 States, six have with-
drawn their respective MOUs due to lack of consultation from OSM. These States include Alabama, New Mexico, Utah, Texas, Kentucky, and West Vir-ginia. More States are expected to withdraw. While Wyoming is still a co-operating agency, they have requested that their State seal be removed from the EIS. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my fellow col-
leagues to support this amendment that will keep spending in check with the OSM’s statutory responsibilities. 
Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. I yield to the 
gentleman from California. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in support of the amendment. I under-stand there is a level of frustration re-garding the Office of Surface Mining’s continued use of funds to develop the stream buffer rule, and we attempted to address that through the bill lan-guage to limit funding. 
I certainly support what you are 
doing for water infrastructure. It is a good amendment that will leverage jobs, and I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Chair-
man, at this time, I yield 2 minutes to my colleague from West Virginia (Mr. M
OONEY ). Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise today in support of Congressman J
OHNSON ’s amendment to 
cut $2 million from the Office of Sur-face Mining regulatory and technology budget and transfer those funds to the Drinking Water State Revolving Funds. 
This amendment will cut funding for 
an office that has launched an all-out war on coal in my home State of West Virginia. The Office of Surface Mining’s stream protection rule is in-tentionally designed to shut down all surface mining and a significant sec-tion of underground mining in the Ap-palachian region. 
b1515 
A 2012 study found the rewrite of the 
stream protection rule is estimated to cost nearly 80,000 direct coal-related jobs. The coal industry is vital to West Virginia and my district. Coal supports over 90 percent of the power generation in my State. It is crucial that we cut the funding for the Office of Surface Mining before they can do any more damage. 
I thank my colleague for offering this 
amendment and urge its passage. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Chair-
man, I thank subcommittee Chairman C
ALVERT again for supporting this 
amendment. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote by my colleagues. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OHNSON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
In addition, for costs to review, admin-
ister, and enforce permits issued by the Bu-reau pursuant to section 507 of Public Law 95μ0987 (30 U.S.C. 1257), $40,000, to remain 
available until expended: Provided , That fees 
assessed and collected by the Office pursuant to such section 507 shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collec-tions, to remain available until expended: Provided further , That the sum herein appro-
priated from the general fund shall be re-duced as collections are received during the fiscal year, so as to result in a fiscal year 2016 appropriation estimated at not more than $123,253,000. 
ABANDONED MINE RECLAMATION FUND  
For necessary expenses to carry out title 
IV of the Surface Mining Control and Rec-lamation Act of 1977, Public Law 95 μ0987, 
$27,303,000, to be derived from receipts of the Abandoned Mine Reclamation Fund and to remain available until expended: Provided , 
That pursuant to Public Law 97 μ09365, the 
Department of the Interior is authorized to use up to 20 percent from the recovery of the delinquent debt owed to the United States Government to pay for contracts to collect these debts: Provided further , That funds 
made available under title IV of Public Law 95μ0987 may be used for any required non- 
Federal share of the cost of projects funded by the Federal Government for the purpose of environmental restoration related to treatment or abatement of acid mine drain-age from abandoned mines: Provided further , 
That such projects must be consistent with the purposes and priorities of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act: Pro-
vided further , That amounts provided under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.051 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4743 June 25, 2015 
this heading may be used for the travel and 
per diem expenses of State and tribal per-sonnel attending Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement sponsored training. 
In addition, $30,000,000, to remain available 
until expended, for grants to States for rec-lamation of abandoned mine lands and other related activities in accordance with the terms and conditions in the report accom-panying this Act: Provided , That such addi-
tional amount shall be used for economic and community development in conjunction with the priorities in section 403(a) of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 (30 U.S.C. 1233(a)): Provided fur-
ther, That such additional amount shall be 
distributed in equal amounts to the 3 Appa-lachian States with the greatest amount of unfunded needs to meet the priorities de-scribed in paragraphs (1) and (2) of such sec-tion: Provided further , That such additional 
amount shall be allocated to States within 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . YOHO  
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 25, line 23, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $29,904,000)’’. 
Page 132, line 24, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $29,904,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chairman, after 
speaking with Chairman C
ALVERT and 
Chairman R OGERS with help on future 
amendments, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GRIFFITH  
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 26, line 7, strike ‘‘3’’ and insert ‘‘6’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Virginia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, ex-
panding the number of Appalachian States eligible for this program from three to six will allow additional States, including Virginia, to be able to participate. The committee and the subcommittee came up with a great idea. I just want to make sure it is ex-panded so that more States can ben-efit. 
The Kentucky Coal Association was 
in this week for a press conference, and one of their members said to me at that time that the sickness that has been in Kentucky is now spreading to Virginia, and they are absolutely right. 
In 1 year’s time, my district has lost 
hundreds of coal mine jobs due to this administration’s burdensome regula-
tions on the coal industry; but it is not just the coal mine jobs. Many more jobs in related industries have also been lost. 
With those jobs, jobs in things as di-
verse as the hardware store, the Long John Silver’s—you name it—are being lost throughout the coal country of Ap-palachian Virginia. 
The downturn of the coal industry in 
my district has led to many economic difficulties for many of my constitu-ents and the local governments. I be-lieve it is critical that we work to find ways to provide assistance throughout all of the Appalachian coal country, and my amendment would go part of the way to helping restore some eco-nomic vitality to my district. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in reluctant opposition to the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, the 
committee, as the gentleman knows, has included this as a pilot program to test in a few States how community and economic redevelopment can com-bine in conjunction with reclamation of abandoned mine lands. 
These funds will be provided to 
States with the largest unfunded needs to date. If you expand that to include six States, this pilot then starts to look more like a program, and that is not the committee’s intent. The com-mittee believes that the lessons learned from this pilot will inform changes, both pros and cons, under the reauthorization of the underlying law. 
I want to work with the gentleman in 
the future as this pilot moves forward. When we have more information, we can potentially, next year, reexamine this. 
I would ask the gentleman if he 
would withdraw the amendment. I would certainly be happy to work with him in the future. I know the full com-mittee chairman is certainly in the in-terest of him to address the needs of his constituents. We are certainly sym-pathetic to that. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I cer-
tainly have no quarrel with the com-mittee or the committee chairman or the subcommittee chairman. 
I think this is a great pilot project, 
which was why I thought it was a bril-liant idea, which is why I wanted to at least put this on the table. 
It is not my habit to offer and then 
withdraw. Sometimes, you lose; and I understand that is probably the case. I did want to put it on the table, and I do appreciate the gentleman’s kind re-marks. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
would just reluctantly oppose this amendment at this time. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. G
RIFFITH ). 
The amendment was rejected. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
BUREAU OF INDIAN AFFAIRS AND BUREAU OF  
INDIAN EDUCATION  
OPERATION OF INDIAN PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For expenses necessary for the operation of 
Indian programs, as authorized by law, in-cluding the Snyder Act of November 2, 1921 (25 U.S.C. 13), the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.), the Education Amend-ments of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 2001–2019), and the Tribally Controlled Schools Act of 1988 (25 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.), $2,505,670,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, except as otherwise provided herein; of which not to exceed $8,500 may be for official reception and representation expenses; of which not to exceed $74,809,000 shall be for welfare assist-ance payments: Provided , That in cases of 
designated Federal disasters, the Secretary may exceed such cap, from the amounts pro-vided herein, to provide for disaster relief to Indian communities affected by the disaster: Provided further , That federally recognized 
Indian tribes and tribal organizations of fed-erally recognized Indian tribes may use their tribal priority allocations for unmet welfare assistance costs: Provided further , That not 
to exceed $619,827,000 for school operations costs of Bureau-funded schools and other education programs shall become available on July 1, 2016, and shall remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided further , 
That not to exceed $48,785,000 shall remain available until expended for housing im-provement, road maintenance, attorney fees, litigation support, land records improve-ment, and the Navajo-Hopi Settlement Pro-gram: Provided further , That any forestry 
funds allocated to a federally recognized tribe which remain unobligated as of Sep-tember 30, 2017, may be transferred during fiscal year 2018 to an Indian forest land as-sistance account established for the benefit of the holder of the funds within the holder’s trust fund account: Provided further , That 
any such unobligated balances not so trans-ferred shall expire on September 30, 2018: Pro-
vided further , That in order to enhance the 
safety of Bureau field employees, the Bureau may use funds to purchase uniforms or other identifying articles of clothing for personnel: Provided further , That $272,000,000 shall be for 
payments to Indian tribes and tribal organi-zations for contract support costs associated with contracts, grants, self-governance com-pacts, or annual funding agreements between the Bureau and an Indian tribe or tribal or-ganization pursuant to the Indian Self-De-termination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.) prior to or during fiscal year 2016, and shall remain available until expended. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 26, line 24, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $50,304,000)’’. 
Page 62, line 8, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $61,304,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.053 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4744 June 25, 2015 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to offer a straightforward amendment to ensure local schools within the Bureau of Indian Education have the resources necessary to provide gainful education in quality facilities at a level on par with their peers in other non-Bureau funded schools. 
This amendment is also offered and 
supported by a bipartisan group of my colleagues, including Representatives Cramer, Rokita, Noem, Kirkpatrick, and Sinema. 
Our amendment redirects funds from 
administrative accounts within the EPA to the Operation of Indian Pro-grams account with the intent of those funds going to the BIE and evenly allo-cated between the education construc-tion, replacement facilities construc-tion account and the elementary and secondary programs, facilities oper-ations account. 
Currently, more than one-third of 
Bureau-funded facilities are in sub-standard or poor condition. A sizable volume of research, including inves-tigations by the Government Account-ability Office, have established a direct correlation between facility conditions and poor student outcomes within the BIE. 
The United States Government has 
trust responsibilities to Indian tribes and Indian education. This amendment supports the trust responsibility by helping to provide high-quality edu-cation in an environment that is safe, healthy, and conducive for learning. 
I urge my colleagues to adopt this 
amendment. I thank the supporters of 
the amendment, and I thank the chair-man and ranking member for their great work on this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in 
opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
know there is no doubt that Indian Country, especially Indian education, is a nonpartisan priority of this entire subcommittee. We are committed to building upon the bipartisan work of former subcommittee chairmen M
IKE 
SIMPSON , Jim Moran, Norm Dicks, and 
certainly Ranking Member B ETTY  
MCCOLLUM . 
We all agree that there are great 
needs in Indian Country, especially in education. In fact, we were in Arizona recently at both the Navajo and Hopi reservations and saw firsthand the need for education in this country. 
Although I am proud of what we have 
done for Indian Country in this bill, that said, I understand where the gen-tleman is coming from. I recognize there is so much more to do on Indian education that can and should be done. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, I thank the 
gentleman from California and the ranking member for their help. I yield 1 minute to the gentleman 
from Indiana (Mr. R
OKITA ), my friend. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chair, I thank Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. C ALVERT , and Ms. M CCOL-
LUMfor their help in all this. 
This amendment, which I support, 
would fund the BIE to the administra-tion’s fiscal year 2016 request, but un-like that request, it is paid for and ad-heres to our budget cap. 
This year, as the chairman of the 
Early Childhood, Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Subcommittee, I have had the opportunity to visit sev-eral BIE schools in Arizona and Min-nesota. 
During these visits, I have seen first-
hand the challenges that the BIE faces. These challenges consist of crumbling school buildings, inadequate tech-nology and Internet connectivity, transportation issues, and inconsistent management. 
These are all serious challenges, and 
they are all well documented by my of-ficial visits, by committee hearings— such as those being done by Mr. C
AL-
VERT ’s subcommittee and mine—by 
GAO reports, and by the media. 
This increase in funds will help ad-
dress the identified challenges by pro-viding the resources needed to improve the academic achievement and increase the graduation rates of Native Amer-ican students that attend BIE schools. This is the goal of all of us for Native American children. 
Mr. Chairman, I look at this as a bi-
partisan issue and appreciate my col-leagues’ support of Mr. G
OSAR ’s amend-
ment. 
Mr. GOSAR. I thank the chairman 
and the ranking member for their sup-port and my colleague from Indiana for speaking on behalf of this. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
CONSTRUCTION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For construction, repair, improvement, 
and maintenance of irrigation and power sys-tems, buildings, utilities, and other facili-ties, including architectural and engineering services by contract; acquisition of lands, and interests in lands; and preparation of lands for farming, and for construction of the Navajo Indian Irrigation Project pursu-ant to Public Law 87–483, $187,620,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided , 
That such amounts as may be available for the construction of the Navajo Indian Irriga-tion Project may be transferred to the Bu-reau of Reclamation: Provided further , That 
not to exceed 6 percent of contract authority available to the Bureau of Indian Affairs from the Federal Highway Trust Fund may be used to cover the road program manage-ment costs of the Bureau: Provided further , 
That any funds provided for the Safety of Dams program pursuant to 25 U.S.C. 13 shall be made available on a nonreimbursable basis: Provided further , That for fiscal year 
2016, in implementing new construction, re-placement facilities construction, or facili-ties improvement and repair project grants 
in excess of $100,000 that are provided to grant schools under Public Law 100–297, the Secretary of the Interior shall use the Ad-ministrative and Audit Requirements and Cost Principles for Assistance Programs con-tained in 43 CFR part 12 as the regulatory re-quirements: Provided further , That such 
grants shall not be subject to section 12.61 of 43 CFR; the Secretary and the grantee shall negotiate and determine a schedule of pay-ments for the work to be performed: Provided 
further , That in considering grant applica-
tions, the Secretary shall consider whether such grantee would be deficient in assuring that the construction projects conform to applicable building standards and codes and Federal, tribal, or State health and safety standards as required by 25 U.S.C. 2005(b), with respect to organizational and financial management capabilities: Provided further , 
That if the Secretary declines a grant appli-cation, the Secretary shall follow the re-quirements contained in 25 U.S.C. 2504(f): Provided further , That any disputes between 
the Secretary and any grantee concerning a grant shall be subject to the disputes provi-sion in 25 U.S.C. 2507(e): Provided further , 
That in order to ensure timely completion of construction projects, the Secretary may as-sume control of a project and all funds re-lated to the project, if, within 18 months of the date of enactment of this Act, any grant-ee receiving funds appropriated in this Act or in any prior Act, has not completed the planning and design phase of the project and commenced construction: Provided further , 
That this appropriation may be reimbursed from the Office of the Special Trustee for American Indians appropriation for the ap-propriate share of construction costs for space expansion needed in agency offices to meet trust reform implementation. 
INDIAN LAND AND WATER CLAIM SETTLEMENTS  
AND MISCELLANEOUS PAYMENTS TO INDIANS  
For payments and necessary administra-
tive expenses for implementation of Indian land and water claim settlements pursuant to Public Laws 99–264, 100–580, 101–618, 111–11, and 111–291, and for implementation of other land and water rights settlements, $65,412,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
INDIAN GUARANTEED LOAN PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
For the cost of guaranteed loans and in-
sured loans, $7,731,000, of which $1,045,000 is for administrative expenses, as authorized by the Indian Financing Act of 1974: Provided , 
That such costs, including the cost of modi-fying such loans, shall be as defined in sec-tion 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further , That these funds are 
available to subsidize total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed or in-sured, not to exceed $100,496,183. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
The Bureau of Indian Affairs may carry 
out the operation of Indian programs by di-rect expenditure, contracts, cooperative agreements, compacts, and grants, either di-rectly or in cooperation with States and other organizations. 
Notwithstanding 25 U.S.C. 15, the Bureau 
of Indian Affairs may contract for services in support of the management, operation, and maintenance of the Power Division of the San Carlos Irrigation Project. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, no funds available to the Bureau of In-dian Affairs for central office oversight and Executive Direction and Administrative Services (except executive direction and ad-ministrative services funding for Tribal Pri-ority Allocations, regional offices, and facili-ties operations and maintenance) shall be available for contracts, grants, compacts, or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.101 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4745 June 25, 2015 
cooperative agreements with the Bureau of 
Indian Affairs under the provisions of the In-dian Self-Determination Act or the Tribal Self-Governance Act of 1994 (Public Law 103– 413). 
In the event any tribe returns appropria-
tions made available by this Act to the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs, this action shall not diminish the Federal Government’s trust re-sponsibility to that tribe, or the govern-ment-to-government relationship between the United States and that tribe, or that tribe’s ability to access future appropria-tions. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, no funds available to the Bureau of In-dian Education, other than the amounts pro-vided herein for assistance to public schools under 25 U.S.C. 452 et seq., shall be available to support the operation of any elementary or secondary school in the State of Alaska. 
No funds available to the Bureau of Indian 
Education shall be used to support expanded grades for any school or dormitory beyond 
the grade structure in place or approved by the Secretary of the Interior at each school in the Bureau of Indian Education school system as of October 1, 1995, except that the Secretary of the Interior may waive this pro-hibition to support expansion of up to one additional grade when the Secretary deter-mines such waiver is needed to support ac-complishment of the mission of the Bureau of Indian Education. Appropriations made available in this or any prior Act for schools funded by the Bureau shall be available, in accordance with the Bureau’s funding for-mula, only to the schools in the Bureau school system as of September 1, 1996, and to any school or school program that was rein-stated in fiscal year 2012. Funds made avail-able under this Act may not be used to es-tablish a charter school at a Bureau-funded school (as that term is defined in section 1141 of the Education Amendments of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 2021)), except that a charter school that is in existence on the date of the enact-ment of this Act and that has operated at a Bureau-funded school before September 1, 1999, may continue to operate during that pe-riod, but only if the charter school pays to the Bureau a pro rata share of funds to reim-burse the Bureau for the use of the real and personal property (including buses and vans), the funds of the charter school are kept sepa-rate and apart from Bureau funds, and the Bureau does not assume any obligation for charter school programs of the State in which the school is located if the charter school loses such funding. Employees of Bu-reau-funded schools sharing a campus with a charter school and performing functions re-lated to the charter school’s operation and employees of a charter school shall not be treated as Federal employees for purposes of chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, including section 113 of title I of appen-dix C of Public Law 106–113, if in fiscal year 2003 or 2004 a grantee received indirect and administrative costs pursuant to a distribu-tion formula based on section 5(f) of Public Law 101–301, the Secretary shall continue to distribute indirect and administrative cost funds to such grantee using the section 5(f) distribution formula. 
Funds available under this Act may not be 
used to establish satellite locations of schools in the Bureau school system as of September 1, 1996, except that the Secretary may waive this prohibition in order for an Indian tribe to provide language and cultural immersion educational programs for non- public schools located within the jurisdic-tional area of the tribal government which exclusively serve tribal members, do not in-clude grades beyond those currently served at the existing Bureau-funded school, pro-vide an educational environment with educa-
tor presence and academic facilities com-parable to the Bureau-funded school, comply with all applicable Tribal, Federal, or State health and safety standards, and the Ameri-cans with Disabilities Act, and demonstrate the benefits of establishing operations at a satellite location in lieu of incurring ex-traordinary costs, such as for transportation or other impacts to students such as those caused by busing students extended dis-tances: Provided , That no funds available 
under this Act may be used to fund oper-ations, maintenance, rehabilitation, con-struction or other facilities-related costs for such assets that are not owned by the Bu-reau: Provided further , That the term ‘‘sat-
ellite school’’ means a school location phys-ically separated from the existing Bureau school by more than 50 miles but that forms part of the existing school in all other re-spects: Provided further , That none of the 
funds made available by this or any other Act may be used by the Secretary to finalize, implement, administer, or enforce the pro-posed rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acknowledge-ment of American Indian Tribes’’ published by the Department of the Interior in the Federal Register on May 29, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 30766 et seq.). 
D
EPARTMENTAL OFFICES  
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
DEPARTMENTAL OPERATIONS  
For necessary expenses for management of 
the Department of the Interior, including the collection and disbursement of royalties, fees, and other mineral revenue proceeds, and for grants and cooperative agreements, as authorized by law, $717,279,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017; of which not to exceed $15,000 may be for official re-ception and representation expenses; and of which up to $1,000,000 shall be available for 
workers compensation payments and unem-ployment compensation payments associated with the orderly closure of the United States Bureau of Mines; and of which $8,128,000 for the Office of Valuation Services is to be de-rived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and shall remain available until ex-pended; and of which $38,300,000 shall remain available until expended for the purpose of mineral revenue management activities: Pro-
vided , That notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, $15,000 under this heading shall be available for refunds of overpayments in connection with certain Indian leases in which the Secretary concurred with the claimed refund due, to pay amounts owed to Indian allottees or tribes, or to correct prior unrecoverable erroneous payments. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SABLAN  
Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 36, line 8, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. 
Page 38, line 6, after each of the first and 
second dollar amounts, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from the Northern Mariana Islands. 
Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Chairman, my 
amendment increases funding for terri-torial assistance initiatives managed by the Interior Department. 
The assistance benefits the Common-
wealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands, which I represent, but also the 
United States territories of American Samoa, Guam, and the United States Virgin Islands, as well as America’s al-lies in the Pacific, the Republic of Palau, the Federated States of Micro-nesia, and the Republic of the Marshall Islands. 
b1530 
The assistance will continue our 
commitment to help all of these areas to develop economically and become more self-sufficient. 
Mr. Chairman, much remains to 
reach these goals. The 2010 Census re-vealed that poverty levels in the is-lands remain three to five times the national average, and median income in the Northern Marianas is only $20,000 compared to $53,000 nationwide. 
The most recent gross domestic prod-
uct data for the islands, reported by the Bureau of Economic Analysis, found that in the Virgin Islands, real GDP declined 5.4 percent in 2013 and de-clined 2.4 percent in American Samoa. In contrast, the real GDP for the United States, excluding the terri-tories, increased 2.2 percent in 2013. So we have a lot of catching up to do. 
Interior has been very responsible in 
recent years, focusing technical assist-ance funds in a way that really will help our areas develop economically. I am thinking in particular of the Em-powering Insular Communities pro-gram, which is helping us move im-ported fuels—that are costly and take money out of our economies—to great-er use of locally available energy sources. 
I am thinking about the Insular 
Areas: Assessment of Buildings and Classrooms Initiative, just like the preceding amendment. This program found that only 38 percent of insular schools are in acceptable condition and 
identified specifically those schools where there are safety hazards for stu-dents. The ABC Initiative is systemati-cally upgrading that infrastructure so our children have schools that are con-ducive to learning and are safe. Devel-oping those human resources is the surest way to raise our economy. We need to give Interior the resources to continue—and finish—that initiative. 
The additional $5 million my amend-
ment provides can be used for these or any of the other territorial assistance programs, such as the Coral Reef Ini-tiative, brown tree snake control, or compact impact to areas negatively af-fected by United States immigration policies. 
Mr. Chairman, all of these programs 
are works in progress. We should pro-vide more funding for them, and tech-nical assistance funding should remain focused on programs that the Depart-ment has already begun and invested in. I appreciate the past support for the program and, even in these challenging fiscal times, I urge your support for in-creased funding for assistance to terri-tories for fiscal year 2016. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.058 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4746 June 25, 2015 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in reluctant op-
position to the gentleman’s amend-ment. I want the gentleman to know that I understand that the territories would benefit greatly from additional funding. We funded the assistance to territories at the FY15-enacted levels. We level-funded that because we know that the money is needed, and we know that we have responsibilities in the ter-ritories. However, the offset right now, we have cut back that particular oper-ation considerably, so I would oppose that offset. But I would be more than happy to work with the gentleman as we move this process along, along with the ranking member, to see if we can’t get additional funds as we move this process along. 
Mr. Chairman, I certainly appreciate 
the gentleman’s intent, but we would have to reluctantly oppose this amend-ment at this time, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I appreciate very 
much the chairman’s offer to work with me because I will look him up and work with him and his subcommittee. But let me just make a small point here of what this technical assistance money means to us. 
The States are eligible for thousands 
of Federal programs that help States do one thing or another, from social to educational to infrastructure projects. For the territories, there are only 700- some programs where the territories are eligible. So there is a difference. 
So this small pot of technical assist-
ance money is a program that provides grants to help the territories pick themselves up and wipe off the dust. It is just a small amount of money. Five million goes a long way, Mr. Chairman, when it is fixing the schools that the Army Corps has already identified. I understand there are 1,500 school build-ings, and 62 percent of them are not safe, and only 38 percent are declared safe. So just like we do for the Bureau of Indian Education, we are also asking that we increase this money. 
So I will also work with the chair, 
Mr. Chairman, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I op-
pose the amendment, and I yield back balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from the Northern Mariana Is-lands (Mr. S
ABLAN ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by 
the gentleman from the Northern Mar-iana Islands will be postponed. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
move to strike the last word. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I ap-
preciate the fact that the chairman is looking towards working more for put-ting dollars into Indian education, as Mr. G
OSAR ’s amendment did, and the 
bipartisan way in which this bill has been proceeding forward, and I yield to the chairman. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I am 
more than happy to work with the young lady to get additional funding for Indian education at any time in the future, and we can continue to work together to do that. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman. 
Mr. Chairman, I also appreciate the 
Parliamentarian’s patience and the majority’s patience while we get an-other copy of the amendment presented to the body for consideration. I thank everyone for their courtesy. 
Mr. Chairman, Minnesota is a great 
State, and we would like to have the gentleman from California there so the gentleman can see our great lakes and our great water. 
I yield to the gentleman from Cali-
fornia. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, could 
the gentlewoman please ship some of that water to California? 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Reclaiming my 
time and my water, we would love to have the gentleman there, and when the water is very hard, it freezes, and then the gentleman can try ice fishing, which is a great sport. 
Mr. Chair, I think the amendment is 
coming to the desk. Once more, I thank you very much for your patience, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . CASTOR OF  
FLORIDA  
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 36, line 8, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $1,913,000)’’. 
Page 62, line 8, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $1,913,000)’’. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve a point of order on the gentle-woman’s motion. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 333, 
the gentlewoman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Florida. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I appreciate the House’s consider-ation. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an 
amendment to restore brownfields funding to fiscal year 2015 levels and to make the point that when we help re-
develop contaminated properties, we generate a large return on investments that lift our communities back home. 
My amendment increases EPA’s En-
vironmental Programs and Manage-ment account by a modest $1.9 million to be offset by the same amount from the Office of the Secretary. Even with this modest boost, the proposed bill on the floor, unfortunately, would remain $4 million below the budget request. 
Mr. Chairman, when a contaminated 
property achieves a brownfields des-ignation and a grant, local commu-nities and businesses can clean up the property and put the property back into use. This type of economic rede-velopment is key to our neighborhoods and communities, rural or urban. It in-creases property values and creates jobs with just a little bit of seed money from the EPA through brownfields. 
A 2014 study concluded that cleaning 
up brownfields leads to nearby residen-tial property value increases of 4.9 to 11 percent. Another 2007 study found that an average of 10 jobs are created for every acre of brownfields redevelop-ment. And based on historical data, we know that $1 of the EPA’s brownfields funding leverages between $17 and $18 in other public and private financing. 
Mr. Chairman, I have witnessed great 
success in brownfields redevelopment back home in the Tampa Bay area. For example, when the existence of the Old Mercy Hospital in Midtown St. Peters-burg was in jeopardy due to environ-mental contamination on the site, the city of St. Petersburg and the EPA stepped in to turn the Old Mercy Hos-pital into a flourishing community health center. The project created 80 jobs, saved existing jobs, created new jobs, and it stands now as the Johnnie Ruth Clarke Community Health Cen-ter, which is the linchpin to Midtown St. Petersburg community redevelop-ment efforts. 
Similarly, in Tampa, the Tampa 
Family Health Centers have redevel-oped a number of brownfields sites, in-cluding one on the site of a closed car dealership, that have had a very posi-tive impact beyond the health care of thousands and thousands of my neigh-bors in a severely underserved area. It is one of the primary examples of the growing healthfields initiative which targets redevelopment through brownfields to help improve access to health services for our neighbors. 
Mr. Chairman, the return on invest-
ment is so great across America. The Congress must invest much more in our communities, and brownfields rede-velopment is simply smart policy, es-pecially in places where these re-sources are scarce. It is also a critical part of EPA’s environmental justice ef-forts and its Environmental Justice 2020 Action Agenda framework. When the EPA released its Environmental Justice 2020 framework, I convened local community leaders across the Tampa Bay area to solicit their opin-ions, and brownfields redevelopment was at the top of their list. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.105 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4747 June 25, 2015 
Mr. Chairman, we can do better here, 
and I hope as the appropriations proc-ess goes on we will find ways to help communities redevelop with this small seed money through the brownfields initiative. 
I would like to thank Chairman C
AL-
VERT and Ranking Member M CCOLLUM . 
I urge my colleagues to support the Castor amendment to revitalize our communities back home, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I ask 
unanimous consent to withdraw the point of order. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I wish 
the gentlewoman was able to share this amendment with both the majority and the minority in the committee where we could have reviewed it. But saying that, I still must oppose the amend-ment because of the offset. 
Mr. Chairman, the offset obviously 
would take money from the Secretary and move it over to the EPA, and at this time we have used the Secretary’s Office tremendously as an offset al-ready, and I am afraid that this may start affecting other programs within the Department of the Interior. So I would have to oppose this amendment. 
The gentlewoman’s amendment 
won’t increase the cleanup of a brownfields site, it will only pay for salaries over at the EPA, and I believe that we don’t need to do any more for the EPA than has already been done. 
So with that, Mr. Chairman, I oppose 
the amendment, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, this is an important account to beef up. Remember, we are under the sequester caps, and then we are $4 mil-lion under the budget request even with this amendment. 
Now, the Secretary’s Office is the 
best place to go for an offset. The Sec-retary’s account is $452 million above fiscal year 2015 levels and $389 million above the budget request. 
b1545 
I would put to you that it would be a 
better investment for our communities back home to allow them this little seed money, this little matching money, to redevelop properties, rather than fund the bureaucracy at the EPA. 
I urge approval of the Castor amend-
ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I urge 
my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
ASTOR ). The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
For fiscal year 2016, up to $400,000 of the 
payments authorized by the Act of October 20, 1976 (31 U.S.C. 6901–6907) may be retained for administrative expenses of the Payments in Lieu of Taxes Program: Provided , That no 
payment shall be made pursuant to that Act to otherwise eligible units of local govern-ment if the computed amount of the pay-ment is less than $100: Provided further , That 
the Secretary may reduce the payment au-thorized by 31 U.S.C. 6901–6907 for an indi-vidual county by the amount necessary to correct prior year overpayments to that county: Provided further , That the amount 
needed to correct a prior year underpayment to an individual county shall be paid from any reductions for overpayments to other counties and the amount necessary to cover any remaining underpayment is hereby ap-propriated and shall be paid to individual counties: Provided further , That of the total 
amount made available by this title for ‘‘Of-fice of the Secretary—Departmental Oper-ations’’, $452,000,000 shall be available to the Secretary of the Interior for an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for payments in lieu of taxes under chapter 69 of title 31, United States Code. 
I
NSULAR AFFAIRS  
ASSISTANCE TO TERRITORIES  
For expenses necessary for assistance to 
territories under the jurisdiction of the De-partment of the Interior and other jurisdic-tions identified in section 104(e) of Public Law 108–188, $85,976,000, of which: (1) $76,528,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for territorial assistance, including general technical assistance, maintenance assistance, disaster assistance, coral reef ini-tiative activities, and brown tree snake con-trol and research; grants to the judiciary in American Samoa for compensation and ex-penses, as authorized by law (48 U.S.C. 1661(c)); grants to the Government of Amer-ican Samoa, in addition to current local rev-enues, for construction and support of gov-ernmental functions; grants to the Govern-ment of the Virgin Islands as authorized by law; grants to the Government of Guam, as authorized by law; and grants to the Govern-ment of the Northern Mariana Islands as au-thorized by law (Public Law 94–241; 90 Stat. 272); and (2) $9,448,000 shall be available until September 30, 2017, for salaries and expenses of the Office of Insular Affairs: Provided , 
That all financial transactions of the terri-torial and local governments herein provided for, including such transactions of all agen-cies or instrumentalities established or used by such governments, may be audited by the Government Accountability Office, at its discretion, in accordance with chapter 35 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further , 
That Northern Mariana Islands Covenant grant funding shall be provided according to those terms of the Agreement of the Special Representatives on Future United States Fi-nancial Assistance for the Northern Mariana Islands approved by Public Law 104–134: Pro-
vided further , That the funds for the program 
of operations and maintenance improvement are appropriated to institutionalize routine operations and maintenance improvement of 
capital infrastructure with territorial par-ticipation and cost sharing to be determined by the Secretary based on the grantee’s com-mitment to timely maintenance of its cap-ital assets: Provided further , That any appro-
priation for disaster assistance under this heading in this Act or previous appropria-tions Acts may be used as non-Federal matching funds for the purpose of hazard mitigation grants provided pursuant to sec-tion 404 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170c). 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . PLASKETT  
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to offer an amendment to H.R. 2822. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 38, line 6, after the second dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $13,684,000) (in-creased by $13,684,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from the Virgin Islands. 
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Chairman, as 
one of the five Members of Congress representing America’s offshore terri-tories and as the Representative from the U.S. Virgin Islands, I am dis-appointed to see the underfunding made to the FY16 Interior, Environ-ment, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions bill. 
Aside from the underfunding to envi-
ronmental protection programs that protect important natural resources and, among a myriad of things, assures Americans have access to clean water, the cuts to this bill come largely at the expense of America’s island territories. 
The Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, 
Guam, American Samoa, and the Northern Marianas have been a part of this great Nation for more than a cen-tury. Since then, this country has aug-mented the support to critical areas of activity by the respective local govern-ments in these territories. 
This is done, largely in part, through 
the Interior’s territorial assistance ac-tivity, in which this bill proposes to underfund by $13,684,000. 
Mr. Chairman, this is unacceptable. 
Funding through Interior’s territorial assistance activity go toward many im-portant functions in these territories, like capital improvement projects. These capital improvement projects, CIP, funds address a variety of infra-structure needs in the U.S. territories, including critical infrastructure such as hospitals, schools, wastewater, and solid waste systems. 
For example, funding through CIP 
helped the Virgin Islands Waste Man-agement Authority complete the repair of a severely deteriorated force main water line that threatened to leak in nearby ocean water. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.107 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4748 June 25, 2015 
Improvements to critical infrastruc-
ture not only benefit the current popu-lation of these territories and the busi-nesses that invest in those commu-nities, but lay the groundwork to at-tract new investment to the terri-tories, which promotes economic devel-opment and self-sufficiency. 
An example of the importance of this 
funding to the territories is high-lighted in the fiscal year ’16 budget re-quest, in which my home district, the U.S. Virgin Islands, proposes to use ap-proximately $2 million to address health and safety deferred mainte-nance items that have been identified in Interior’s insular assessment of buildings and classrooms initiative. This is imperative, as our schools are not structurally sound or conducive to the healthy learning environment. 
Many of the schools in the Virgin Is-
lands are overrun with mold and have severe structural deficiencies, some of which are over a half a century old. 
The St. Croix Central High School 
had to close its doors last year because of noxious odors that made teachers and students sick. This recurring inci-dent began midway through the 2013 school year and forced the entire stu-dent body of more than 1,000 students to join a similarly populated high school in double session for the remain-der of the school year. 
This coming fall, the Virgin Islands 
government will again close schools on the island of St. Croix, but this time, students from three schools will be re-located to other schools for at least an entire school year, maybe longer, while the local government works to repair the severely decrepit buildings that house those young people. 
Mr. Chairman, there hasn’t been a 
school built in the U.S. Virgin Islands in the last two decades. The children in my home district, as well as in the other five territories, deserve better and need the assistance afforded through this funding. 
A breakdown of CIP expenditures in 
2014 underscores how important this funding is to not only students in our territories, but also to our senior citi-zens as well. Construction or repair to schools and hospitals account for near-ly half the total amount of CIP expend-itures last year. 
In St. Croix, our hospital is without 
an adequate mental health facility, as well as St. Thomas, and there are few assisted living facilities and a growing population of aging citizens. 
The U.S. Virgin Islands also proposes 
to use $1 million in 2016 CIP funding for structural renovations and equipment upgrades at a variety of public libraries on the islands of St. Croix, St. Thomas, and St. John. These repairs and up-grades will help provide a safe, secure, and comfortable location for citizens to use library archives and public re-sources. 
Mr. Chairman, the people living in 
America’s island territories are citi-zens of this great Nation, the same as people living in Alaska, Hawaii, and the 48 contiguous States. We are con-
stitutionally entitled to fair and equal representation and full inclusion by this House, as well as by this govern-ment. 
I look forward to continuing to work 
on this issue. 
Mr. Chairman, I want to also point 
out that unlike the States, the Virgin Islands and the other territories are not part of the formula grants that the other locations have. We do not receive the same funding for grants, programs that provide technical assistance, jobs, or infrastructure. 
In fact, today, with the announce-
ment of the Supreme Court, while we are thankful for the rest of the United States, with the Affordable Care Act, we are not included in it to the full ex-tent the other States are. 
I am asking, Mr. Chairman, at this 
time, that this body, as well as this Congress and, in fact, the Federal Gov-ernment, look to the Virgin Islands and look to including us and all of the territories in full inclusion. 
Mr. Chairman, at this time, I ask 
unanimous consent to withdraw the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
COMPACT OF FREE ASSOCIATION  
For grants and necessary expenses, 
$3,318,000, to remain available until ex-pended, as provided for in sections 221(a)(2) and 233 of the Compact of Free Association for the Republic of Palau; and section 221(a)(2) of the Compacts of Free Association for the Government of the Republic of the Marshall Islands and the Federated States of Micronesia, as authorized by Public Law 99– 658 and Public Law 108–188. 
A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
At the request of the Governor of Guam, 
the Secretary may transfer discretionary funds or mandatory funds provided under section 104(e) of Public Law 108–188 and Pub-lic Law 104–134, that are allocated for Guam, to the Secretary of Agriculture for the sub-sidy cost of direct or guaranteed loans, plus not to exceed three percent of the amount of the subsidy transferred for the cost of loan administration, for the purposes authorized by the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 and section 306(a)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act for construction and repair projects in Guam, and such funds shall remain available until expended: Pro-
vided , That such costs, including the cost of 
modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further , That such loans or 
loan guarantees may be made without regard to the population of the area, credit else-where requirements, and restrictions on the types of eligible entities under the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 and section 306(a)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act: Provided further , That any 
funds transferred to the Secretary of Agri-culture shall be in addition to funds other-wise made available to make or guarantee loans under such authorities. O
FFICE OF THE SOLICITOR  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the Office of the 
Solicitor, $65,142,000. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the Office of In-
spector General, $50,047,000. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON LEE  
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 41, line 12, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
On page 102, line 23, after the dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,500,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentlewoman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, 
let me thank the chair and the ranking member of this appropriations process for the Interior and Environment for their indulgence and their under-standing of how much a part of the lives of Americans this legislation is from my amendment dealing with the culture and history of this Nation to that of clean water, clean air, our Fed-eral parks, our forestry. This is a vital piece of the livelihood and the life of America. 
Among other agencies that the legis-
lation funds is the Smithsonian Insti-tution, which operates our national museums, including the Air and Space Museum, the Museum of African Art, the American Art Museum, and the Na-tional Portrait Gallery. It also oper-ates the national treasure, the Na-tional Zoo. 
My amendment is simple. It sends a 
very important message from the Con-gress of the United States to infuse into the people cultural and apprecia-tion for the respect and holding of wild animals, for the forests, for the number of assets that we should hold very dear, and it increases the Smithsonian Insti-tution by $1.5 million. 
Mr. Chairman, the Smithsonian’s 
outreach programs bring scholars in art, history, and science out of the Na-tion’s attic and into their own back-yard. Each year, millions of Americans visit the Smithsonian. 
In order to fill the Smithsonian’s 
mission, the increase and diffusion of knowledge, the Smithsonian seeks to serve on an even greater audience by bringing it to the communities, to the people who otherwise would be de-prived, or the institutions that would otherwise be deprived of this kind of cultural exchange. 
This money is not a lot of money, but 
it is an important statement for those who seek to be connected to the cul-tural history of America. 
The Smithsonian’s outreach program 
serves millions of Americans, thou-sands of communities, and hundreds of institutions in all 50 States through 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.111 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4749 June 25, 2015 
loans of objects, traveling exhibitions, 
and sharing of educational resources. 
Smithsonian outreach programs 
work in close cooperation with Smith-sonian museums and research centers, as well as with 144 affiliate institu-tions, and others across the Nation. Smithsonian outreach activities sup-port community-based cultural and educational organizations. 
It reaches out to African Americans, 
Asian Americans, Latino Americans, Native Americans, new Americans, and all Americans from kindergarten to college to our senior citizens. 
What can we do to help this outreach 
expand? We can provide this simple amendment of $1.5 million to create more mobile museums talking about the extensive history that we have. These mobile museums then connect with our museums that we have. 
The African American Museum in 
Houston is one of those that needs the bridge that the Smithsonian has. It is a museum that has reached promi-nence, but not the ability to reach a lot of people. This is an opportunity to boost the Smithsonian in order to en-sure that we have that kind of out-reach. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in reluctant opposition to the gentle-woman’s amendment only because of the offset. 
The offset that we are talking about 
is taking money of the inspector gen-eral’s office, which is our auditors, and we desperately need auditors in the Federal Government. We, as appropri-ators, are very reluctant to cut the in-spector general’s office in general. 
I want to work with the gentle-
woman. I recognize her passion to make sure that the good work that the Smithsonian does gets out to the gen-eral community throughout the United States. I am a big supporter of the Smithsonian. We have level-funded the Smithsonian Institution this year. Ob-viously, we are operating under dif-ficult budget constraints. 
We certainly support what the gen-
tlewoman wants to do; we just don’t support the offset in which she wants to do it with. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. CALVERT. I yield to the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I think we have 
had an opportunity to be on the floor together over the years. Thank you so very much. I want to thank the rank-ing member and the leadership on the committee. 
My question would be—obviously, 
this appropriations process is a bill here in the House and then there is conference—what would be the imme-diate strategy of working with you on this goal that we both would have? I yield to the gentleman. 
Mr. CALVERT. We will continue to 
work with the gentlewoman as this process moves forward and with the ranking member, Ms. M
CCOLLUM . 
Who knows, there may be something 
that happens between A and B, and we may have some additional resources, who knows; but we will certainly work with you to find out if we do. 
I know that if we can help the Smith-
sonian Institution out, it is really at the top of our list. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman. 
Let me, first of all, thank the rank-
ing member for all the hard work that has been done and the chairman. It is a passion for reaching out and touching museums like the Houston African American Museum that has, as its cu-rator, an excellent leader in John Guess. 
I would say to museums like that to 
allow me to take up the chairman and the ranking member’s leadership and begin to look for what may be an extra opportunity to infuse dollars to get the culture of America to reach out to all over. 
With that, in the spirit of collabora-
tion and collegiality, I am going to at this time withdraw in a friendly man-ner the Jackson Lee amendment with a very hopeful commitment to be able to help museums like the Houston African American Museum and many others that really benefit from this connec-tion. 
b1600 
Mr. CALVERT. I thank the gentle-
woman for her generosity, and I will continue to work with her as this proc-ess moves forward. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, 
how much time do I have? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Texas has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, 
let me just say, in concluding, there are many things that this bill does. I am hoping that we will rid ourselves of sequester to let it do more, and one of the things would be this outreach that brings us together as a Nation in a positive way. 
I cannot say good accolades about 
Houston museums in general, the Buf-falo Soldiers National Museum, the Houston African American Museum that has a great purpose, and other mu-seums that I hope we can address the Smithsonian’s outreach capability. 
Mr. Chair, thank you for this opportunity to 
speak in support of my amendment to H.R. 2822, the ‘‘Interior and Environment Appro-priations Act of 2016.’’ 
Let me also thank Chairman C
ALVERT and 
Ranking Member M CCOLLUM for their leader-
ship in shepherding this bill to the floor. 
Among other agencies, this legislation funds 
the Smithsonian Institution, which operates our national museums, including the Air and Space Museum; the Museum of African Art; the Museum of the American Indian; and the National Portrait Gallery. The Smithsonian also operates another na-
tional treasure: the National Zoo. 
Mr. Chair, my amendment is simple but it 
sends a very important message from the Congress of the United States. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment provides that 
increases funding for the Smithsonian Institu-tion by $1.5 million to fund outreach programs administered by the Smithsonian Institution. 
Mr. Chair, the Smithsonian’s outreach pro-
grams bring Smithsonian scholars in art, his-tory and science out of ‘‘the nation’s attic’’ and into their own backyard. 
Each year, millions of Americans visit the 
Smithsonian in Washington, D.C. 
But in order to fulfill the Smithsonian’s mis-
sion, ‘‘the increase and diffusion of knowl-edge,’’ the Smithsonian seeks to serve an even greater audience by bringing the Smith-sonian to enclaves of communities who other-wise would be deprived of the vast amount of cultural history offered by the Smithsonian. 
The Smithsonian’s outreach programs serve 
millions of Americans, thousands of commu-nities, and hundreds of institutions in all 50 states, through loans of objects, traveling exhi-bitions, and sharing of educational resources via publications, lectures and presentations, training programs, and websites. 
Smithsonian outreach programs work in 
close cooperation with Smithsonian museums and research centers, as well as with 144 affil-iate institutions and others across the nation. 
The Smithsonian’s outreach activities sup-
port community-based cultural and educational organizations around the country. 
They ensure a vital, recurring, and high-im-
pact Smithsonian presence in all 50 states through the provision of traveling exhibitions and a network of affiliations. 
Smithsonian outreach programs increase 
connections between the Institution and tar-geted audiences (African American, Asian American, Latino, Native American, and new American) and provide kindergarten through college-age museum education and outreach opportunities. 
These outreach programs enhance K–12 
science education programs, facilitate the Smithsonian’s scholarly interactions with stu-dents and scholars at universities, museums, and other research institutions; and dissemi-nate results related to the research and collec-tions strengths of the Institution. 
The programs that provide the critical mass 
of Smithsonian outreach activity are: 
1. the Smithsonian Institution Traveling Ex-
hibition Service (SITES); 
2. the Smithsonian Affiliations, the Smithso-
nian Center for Education and Museum Stud-ies (SCEMS); 
3. National Science Resources Center 
(NSRC); 
4. the Smithsonian Institution Press (SIP); 5. the Office of Fellowships (OF); and 6. the Smithsonian Associates (TSA), which 
receives no federal funding. 
To achieve the goal of increasing public en-
gagement, SITES directs some of its federal resources to develop Smithsonian Across America: A Celebration of National Pride. 
This ‘‘mobile museum,’’ which will feature 
Smithsonian artifacts from the most iconic (presidential portraits, historic American flags, Civil War records, astronaut uniforms, etc.) to the simplest items of everyday life (family quilts, prairie schoolhouse furnishings, historic lunch boxes, multilingual store front and street 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.114 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4750 June 25, 2015 
signs, etc.), has been a long-standing organi-
zational priority of the Smithsonian. 
SITES ‘‘mobile museum’’ is the only trav-
eling exhibit format able to guarantee audi-ence growth and expanded geographic dis-tribution during sustained periods of economic retrenchment, but also because it is imperative for the many exhibitors nationwide who are struggling financially yet eager to participate in Smithsonian outreach. 
For communities still struggling to fully re-
cover from the economic downturn, the ability of museums to present temporary exhibitions, the ‘‘mobile museum’’ promises to answer an ever-growing demand for Smithsonian shows in the field. 
A single, conventional SITES exhibit can 
reach a maximum of 12 locations over a two- to three-year period. 
In contrast, a ‘‘mobile museum’’ exhibit can 
visit up to three venues per week in the course of only one year, at no cost to the host institution or community. 
The net result is an increase by 150 in the 
number of outreach locations to which SITES shows can travel annually. 
And in addition to its flexibility in making 
short-term stops in cities and towns from coast-to-coast, a ‘‘mobile museum’’ has the advantage of being able to frequent the very locations where people live, work, and take part in leisure time activities. 
By establishing an exhibit presence in set-
tings like these, SITES will not only increase its annual visitor participation by 1 million, but also advance a key Smithsonian performance objective: to develop exhibit approaches that address diverse audiences, including popu-lation groups not always affiliated with main-stream cultural institutions. 
SITES also will be the public exhibitions’ 
face of the Smithsonian’s National Museum of African American History and Culture, as that new Museum comes online. 
Providing national access to projects that 
will introduce the American public to the Mu-seum’s mission, SITES in FY 2008 will tour such stirring exhibitions as NASA ART: 50 Years of Exploration; 381 Days: The Mont-gomery Bus Boycott Story; Beyond: Visions of Planetary Landscapes; The Way We Worked: Photographs from the National Archives; and More Than Words: Illustrated Letters from the Smithsonian’s Archives of American Art. 
To meet the growing demand among small-
er community and ethnic museums for an ex-hibition celebrating the Latino experience, SITES provided a scaled-down version of the National Museum of American History’s 4,000- square-foot exhibition about legendary enter-tainer Celia Cruz. 
Two 1,500-square-foot exhibitions, one 
about Crow Indian history and the other on basket traditions, will give Smithsonian visitors beyond Washington a taste of the Institution’s critically acclaimed National Museum of the American Indian. 
Two more exhibits, ‘‘In Plane View’’ and 
‘‘Earth from Space,’’ provided visitors an op-portunity to experience the Smithsonian’s re-cently opened, expansive National Air and Space Museum Udvar-Hazy Center. 
For almost 30 years, The Smithsonian As-
sociates—the highly regarded educational arm of the Smithsonian Institution—has arranged Scholars in the Schools programs. 
Through this tremendously successful and 
well-received educational outreach program, the Smithsonian shares its staff—hundreds of 
experts in art, history and science—with the national community at a local level. 
The mission of Smithsonian Affiliations is to 
build a strong national network of museums and educational organizations in order to es-tablish active and engaging relationships with communities throughout the country. 
There are currently 138 affiliates located in 
the United States, Puerto Rico, and Panama. 
By working with museums of diverse subject 
areas and scholarly disciplines, both emerging and well-established, Smithsonian Affiliations is building partnerships through which audi-ences and visitors everywhere will be able to share in the great wealth of the Smithsonian while building capacity and expertise in local communities. 
The National Science Resources Center 
(NSRC) strives to increase the number of eth-nically diverse students participating in effec-tive science programs based on NSRC prod-ucts and services. 
The Center develops and implements a na-
tional outreach strategy that will increase the number of school districts (currently more than 800) that are implementing NSRC K–8 pro-grams. 
The NSRC is striving to further enhance its 
program activity with a newly developed sci-entific outreach program introducing commu-nities and school districts to science through literacy initiatives. 
In addition, through the building of the multi-
cultural Alliance Initiative, the Smithsonian’s outreach programs seek to develop new ap-proaches to enable the public to gain access to Smithsonian collections, research, edu-cation, and public programs that reflect the di-versity of the American people, including un-derserved audiences of ethnic populations and persons with disabilities. 
For all these reasons, Mr. Chair, I urge 
adoption of my amendment and thank Chair-man Dicks and Ranking Member T
IAHRT for 
their courtesies, consideration, and very fine work in putting together this excellent legisla-tion. 
I ask unanimous consent to withdraw 
my amendment at this time and begin to work the process to provide funding to the Smithsonian for that purpose. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentlewoman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
OFFICE OF THE SPECIAL TRUSTEE FOR  
AMERICAN INDIANS  
FEDERAL TRUST PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For the operation of trust programs for In-
dians by direct expenditure, contracts, coop-erative agreements, compacts, and grants, $139,029,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which not to exceed $22,120,000 from this or any other Act, may be available for historical accounting: Provided , That 
funds for trust management improvements and litigation support may, as needed, be transferred to or merged with the Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Edu-cation, ‘‘Operation of Indian Programs’’ ac-count; the Office of the Solicitor, ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ account; and the Office of the Secretary, ‘‘Departmental Operations’’ ac-count: Provided further , That funds made available through contracts or grants obli-
gated during fiscal year 2016, as authorized by the Indian Self-Determination Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.), shall remain available until expended by the contractor or grantee: Provided further , That, notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the Secretary shall not be required to provide a quarterly state-ment of performance for any Indian trust ac-count that has not had activity for at least 15 months and has a balance of $15 or less: Provided further , That the Secretary shall 
issue an annual account statement and maintain a record of any such accounts and shall permit the balance in each such ac-count to be withdrawn upon the express writ-ten request of the account holder: Provided 
further , That not to exceed $50,000 is avail-
able for the Secretary to make payments to correct administrative errors of either dis-bursements from or deposits to Individual Indian Money or Tribal accounts after Sep-tember 30, 2002: Provided further , That erro-
neous payments that are recovered shall be credited to and remain available in this ac-count for this purpose: Provided further , That 
the Secretary shall not be required to rec-oncile Special Deposit Accounts with a bal-ance of less than $500 unless the Office of the 
Special Trustee receives proof of ownership from a Special Deposit Accounts claimant. 
D
EPARTMENT -WIDE PROGRAMS  
WILDLAND FIRE MANAGEMENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  
For necessary expenses for fire prepared-
ness, fire suppression operations, fire science and research, emergency rehabilitation, haz-ardous fuels management activities, and rural fire assistance by the Department of the Interior, $804,795,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $6,127,000 shall be for the renovation or con-struction of fire facilities: Provided , That 
such funds are also available for repayment of advances to other appropriation accounts from which funds were previously trans-ferred for such purposes: Provided further , 
That of the funds provided $164,000,000 is for hazardous fuels management activities: Pro-
vided further , That of the funds provided 
$18,035,000 is for burned area rehabilitation: Provided further , That persons hired pursuant 
to 43 U.S.C. 1469 may be furnished subsist-ence and lodging without cost from funds available from this appropriation: Provided 
further , That notwithstanding 42 U.S.C. 
1856d, sums received by a bureau or office of the Department of the Interior for fire pro-tection rendered pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1856 et seq., protection of United States property, may be credited to the appropriation from which funds were expended to provide that protection, and are available without fiscal year limitation: Provided further , That using 
the amounts designated under this title of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior may enter into procurement contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements, for hazardous fuels management and resilient landscapes activi-ties, and for training and monitoring associ-ated with such hazardous fuels management and resilient landscapes activities on Fed-eral land, or on adjacent non-Federal land for activities that benefit resources on Fed-eral land: Provided further , That the costs of 
implementing any cooperative agreement be-tween the Federal Government and any non- Federal entity may be shared, as mutually agreed on by the affected parties: Provided 
further , That notwithstanding requirements 
of the Competition in Contracting Act, the Secretary, for purposes of hazardous fuels management and resilient landscapes activi-ties, may obtain maximum practicable com-petition among: (1) local private, nonprofit, or cooperative entities; (2) Youth Conserva-tion Corps crews, Public Lands Corps (Public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.065 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4751 June 25, 2015 
Law 109–154), or related partnerships with 
State, local, or nonprofit youth groups; (3) small or micro-businesses; or (4) other enti-ties that will hire or train locally a signifi-cant percentage, defined as 50 percent or more, of the project workforce to complete such contracts: Provided further , That in im-
plementing this section, the Secretary shall develop written guidance to field units to en-sure accountability and consistent applica-tion of the authorities provided herein: Pro-
vided further , That funds appropriated under 
this heading may be used to reimburse the United States Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Marine Fisheries Service for the costs of carrying out their responsibil-ities under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) to consult and conference, as required by section 7 of such Act, in connection with wildland fire man-agement activities: Provided further , That 
the Secretary of the Interior may use wildland fire appropriations to enter into leases of real property with local govern-ments, at or below fair market value, to con-struct capitalized improvements for fire fa-cilities on such leased properties, including but not limited to fire guard stations, re-tardant stations, and other initial attack and fire support facilities, and to make ad-vance payments for any such lease or for construction activity associated with the lease: Provided further , That the Secretary of 
the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture may authorize the transfer of funds appro-priated for wildland fire management, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $50,000,000, between the Departments when such trans-fers would facilitate and expedite wildland fire management programs and projects: Pro-
vided further , That funds provided for wildfire 
suppression shall be available for support of Federal emergency response actions: Pro-
vided further , That funds appropriated under 
this heading shall be available for assistance to or through the Department of State in connection with forest and rangeland re-search, technical information, and assist-ance in foreign countries, and, with the con-currence of the Secretary of State, shall be available to support forestry, wildland fire management, and related natural resource activities outside the United States and its territories and possessions, including tech-nical assistance, education and training, and cooperation with United States and inter-national organizations. 
FLAME WILDFIRE SUPPRESSION RESERVE FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For necessary expenses for large fire sup-
pression operations of the Department of the Interior and as a reserve fund for suppression and Federal emergency response activities, $92,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided , That such amounts are 
only available for transfer to the ‘‘Wildland Fire Management’’ account following a dec-laration by the Secretary in accordance with section 502 of the FLAME Act of 2009 (43 U.S.C. 1748a). 
CENTRAL HAZARDOUS MATERIALS FUND  
For necessary expenses of the Department 
of the Interior and any of its component of-fices and bureaus for the response action, in-cluding associated activities, performed pur-suant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), $10,010,000, to remain available until expended. 
NATURAL RESOURCE DAMAGE ASSESSMENT AND  
RESTORATION  
NATURAL RESOURCE DAMAGE ASSESSMENT FUND  
To conduct natural resource damage as-
sessment, restoration activities, and onshore oil spill preparedness by the Department of the Interior necessary to carry out the provi-sions of the Comprehensive Environmental 
Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.), the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.), and Public Law 101–337 (16 U.S.C. 19jj et seq.), $7,689,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND  
For the operation and maintenance of a de-
partmental financial and business manage-ment system, information technology im-provements of general benefit to the Depart-ment, and the consolidation of facilities and operations throughout the Department, $56,529,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided , That none of the funds ap-
propriated in this Act or any other Act may be used to establish reserves in the Working Capital Fund account other than for accrued annual leave and depreciation of equipment without prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate: Provided further , That 
the Secretary may assess reasonable charges to State, local and tribal government em-ployees for training services provided by the National Indian Program Training Center, other than training related to Public Law 93– 638: Provided further , That the Secretary may 
lease or otherwise provide space and related facilities, equipment or professional services of the National Indian Program Training Center to State, local and tribal government employees or persons or organizations en-gaged in cultural, educational, or rec-reational activities (as defined in section 3306(a) of title 40, United States Code) at the prevailing rate for similar space, facilities, equipment, or services in the vicinity of the National Indian Program Training Center: Provided further , That all funds received pur-
suant to the two preceding provisos shall be credited to this account, shall be available until expended, and shall be used by the Sec-retary for necessary expenses of the National Indian Program Training Center: Provided 
further , That the Secretary may enter into 
grants and cooperative agreements to sup-port the Office of Natural Resource Reve-nue’s collection and disbursement of royal-ties, fees, and other mineral revenue pro-ceeds, as authorized by law. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  
There is hereby authorized for acquisition 
from available resources within the Working Capital Fund, aircraft which may be ob-tained by donation, purchase or through available excess surplus property: Provided , 
That existing aircraft being replaced may be sold, with proceeds derived or trade-in value used to offset the purchase price for the re-placement aircraft. 
G
ENERAL PROVISIONS , DEPARTMENT OF THE  
INTERIOR  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  
EMERGENCY TRANSFER AUTHORITY —INTRA - 
BUREAU  
SEC. 101. Appropriations made in this title 
shall be available for expenditure or transfer (within each bureau or office), with the ap-proval of the Secretary, for the emergency reconstruction, replacement, or repair of air-craft, buildings, utilities, or other facilities or equipment damaged or destroyed by fire, flood, storm, or other unavoidable causes: Provided , That no funds shall be made avail-
able under this authority until funds specifi-cally made available to the Department of the Interior for emergencies shall have been exhausted: Provided further , That all funds 
used pursuant to this section must be replen-ished by a supplemental appropriation, which must be requested as promptly as pos-sible. EMERGENCY TRANSFER AUTHORITY — 
DEPARTMENT -WIDE 
SEC. 102. The Secretary may authorize the 
expenditure or transfer of any no year appro-priation in this title, in addition to the amounts included in the budget programs of the several agencies, for the suppression or emergency prevention of wildland fires on or threatening lands under the jurisdiction of the Department of the Interior; for the emer-gency rehabilitation of burned-over lands under its jurisdiction; for emergency actions related to potential or actual earthquakes, floods, volcanoes, storms, or other unavoid-able causes; for contingency planning subse-quent to actual oil spills; for response and natural resource damage assessment activi-ties related to actual oil spills or releases of hazardous substances into the environment; for the prevention, suppression, and control of actual or potential grasshopper and Mor-mon cricket outbreaks on lands under the ju-risdiction of the Secretary, pursuant to the authority in section 417(b) of Public Law 106– 224 (7 U.S.C. 7717(b)); for emergency reclama-tion projects under section 410 of Public Law 95–87; and shall transfer, from any no year funds available to the Office of Surface Min-ing Reclamation and Enforcement, such funds as may be necessary to permit assump-tion of regulatory authority in the event a primacy State is not carrying out the regu-latory provisions of the Surface Mining Act: Provided , That appropriations made in this 
title for wildland fire operations shall be available for the payment of obligations in-curred during the preceding fiscal year, and for reimbursement to other Federal agencies for destruction of vehicles, aircraft, or other equipment in connection with their use for wildland fire operations, such reimburse-ment to be credited to appropriations cur-rently available at the time of receipt there-of: Provided further , That for wildland fire op-
erations, no funds shall be made available under this authority until the Secretary de-termines that funds appropriated for ‘‘wildland fire operations’’ and ‘‘FLAME Wildfire Suppression Reserve Fund’’ shall be exhausted within 30 days: Provided further , 
That all funds used pursuant to this section must be replenished by a supplemental ap-propriation, which must be requested as promptly as possible: Provided further , That 
such replenishment funds shall be used to re-imburse, on a pro rata basis, accounts from which emergency funds were transferred. 
AUTHORIZED USE OF FUNDS  
SEC. 103. Appropriations made to the De-
partment of the Interior in this title shall be available for services as authorized by sec-tion 3109 of title 5, United States Code, when authorized by the Secretary, in total amount not to exceed $500,000; purchase and replace-ment of motor vehicles, including specially equipped law enforcement vehicles; hire, maintenance, and operation of aircraft; hire of passenger motor vehicles; purchase of re-prints; payment for telephone service in pri-vate residences in the field, when authorized under regulations approved by the Secretary; and the payment of dues, when authorized by the Secretary, for library membership in so-cieties or associations which issue publica-tions to members only or at a price to mem-bers lower than to subscribers who are not members. 
AUTHORIZED USE OF FUNDS , INDIAN TRUST  
MANAGEMENT  
SEC. 104. Appropriations made in this Act 
under the headings Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education, and Office of the Special Trustee for American Indians and any unobligated balances from prior ap-propriations Acts made under the same head-ings shall be available for expenditure or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.066 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4752 June 25, 2015 
transfer for Indian trust management and re-
form activities. Total funding for historical accounting activities shall not exceed amounts specifically designated in this Act for such purpose. 
REDISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS , BUREAU OF INDIAN  
AFFAIRS  
SEC. 105. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, the Secretary of the Interior is authorized to redistribute any Tribal Pri-ority Allocation funds, including tribal base funds, to alleviate tribal funding inequities by transferring funds to address identified, unmet needs, dual enrollment, overlapping service areas or inaccurate distribution methodologies. No tribe shall receive a re-duction in Tribal Priority Allocation funds of more than 10 percent in fiscal year 2016. Under circumstances of dual enrollment, overlapping service areas or inaccurate dis-tribution methodologies, the 10 percent limi-tation does not apply. 
ELLIS , GOVERNORS , AND LIBERTY ISLANDS  
SEC. 106. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, the Secretary of the Interior is authorized to acquire lands, waters, or inter-ests therein including the use of all or part of any pier, dock, or landing within the State of New York and the State of New Jer-sey, for the purpose of operating and main-taining facilities in the support of transpor-tation and accommodation of visitors to Ellis, Governors, and Liberty Islands, and of other program and administrative activities, by donation or with appropriated funds, in-cluding franchise fees (and other monetary consideration), or by exchange; and the Sec-retary is authorized to negotiate and enter into leases, subleases, concession contracts or other agreements for the use of such fa-cilities on such terms and conditions as the Secretary may determine reasonable. 
OUTER CONTINENTAL SHELF INSPECTION FEES  
SEC. 107. (a) In fiscal year 2016, the Sec-
retary shall collect a nonrefundable inspec-tion fee, which shall be deposited in the ‘‘Off-shore Safety and Environmental Enforce-ment’’ account, from the designated operator for facilities subject to inspection under 43 U.S.C. 1348(c). 
(b) Annual fees shall be collected for facili-
ties that are above the waterline, excluding drilling rigs, and are in place at the start of the fiscal year. Fees for fiscal year 2016 shall be: 
(1) $10,500 for facilities with no wells, but 
with processing equipment or gathering lines; 
(2) $17,000 for facilities with 1 to 10 wells, 
with any combination of active or inactive wells; and 
(3) $31,500 for facilities with more than 10 
wells, with any combination of active or in-active wells. 
(c) Fees for drilling rigs shall be assessed 
for all inspections completed in fiscal year 2016. Fees for fiscal year 2016 shall be: 
(1) $30,500 per inspection for rigs operating 
in water depths of 500 feet or more; and 
(2) $16,700 per inspection for rigs operating 
in water depths of less than 500 feet. 
(d) The Secretary shall bill designated op-
erators under subsection (b) within 60 days, with payment required within 30 days of bill-ing. The Secretary shall bill designated oper-ators under subsection (c) within 30 days of the end of the month in which the inspection occurred, with payment required within 30 days of billing. 
BUREAU OF OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT , REG-
ULATION AND ENFORCEMENT REORGANIZATION  
SEC. 108. The Secretary of the Interior, in 
order to implement a reorganization of the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, Regu-lation and Enforcement, may transfer funds among and between the successor offices and bureaus affected by the reorganization only 
in conformance with the reprogramming guidelines described in the report accom-panying this Act. 
CONTRACTS AND AGREEMENTS FOR WILD HORSE  
AND BURRO HOLDING FACILITIES  
SEC. 109. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior may enter into multiyear cooperative agree-ments with nonprofit organizations and other appropriate entities, and may enter into multiyear contracts in accordance with the provisions of section 3903 of title 41, United States Code (except that the 5-year term restriction in subsection (a) shall not apply), for the long-term care and mainte-nance of excess wild free roaming horses and burros by such organizations or entities on private land. Such cooperative agreements and contracts may not exceed 10 years, sub-ject to renewal at the discretion of the Sec-retary. 
MASS MARKING OF SALMONIDS  
SEC. 110. The United States Fish and Wild-
life Service shall, in carrying out its respon-sibilities to protect threatened and endan-gered species of salmon, implement a system of mass marking of salmonid stocks, in-tended for harvest, that are released from federally operated or federally financed hatcheries including but not limited to fish releases of coho, chinook, and steelhead spe-cies. Marked fish must have a visible mark that can be readily identified by commercial and recreational fishers. 
EXHAUSTION OF ADMINISTRATIVE REVIEW  
SEC. 111. Section 122(a)(1) of division E of 
Public Law 112–74 (125 Stat. 1013) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2012 through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2012 and each fis-cal year thereafter’’. 
WILD LANDS FUNDING PROHIBITION  
SEC. 112. None of the funds made available 
in this Act or any other Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce Secre-tarial Order No. 3310 issued by the Secretary of the Interior on December 22, 2010. 
BUREAU OF INDIAN EDUCATION OPERATED  
SCHOOLS  
SEC. 113. Section 115(d) of division E of 
Public Law 112–74 (25 U.S.C. 2000 note) is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2027’’. 
VOLUNTEERS IN PARKS  
SEC. 114. Section 102301(d) of title 54, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$3,500,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$7,000,000’’. 
CONTRACTS AND AGREEMENTS WITH INDIAN  
AFFAIRS  
SEC. 115. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, during fiscal year 2016, in car-rying out work involving cooperation with State, local, and tribal governments or any political subdivision thereof, Indian Affairs may record obligations against accounts re-ceivable from any such entities, except that total obligations at the end of the fiscal year shall not exceed total budgetary resources available at the end of the fiscal year. 
HERITAGE AREAS  
SEC. 116. (a) Section 157(h)(1) of title I of 
Public Law 106–291 (16 U.S.C. 461 note) is amended by striking ‘‘$11,000,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘$13,000,000’’. 
(b) Division II of Public Law 104–333 (16 
U.S.C. 461 note) is amended— 
(1) in sections 409(a), 508(a), and 812(a) by 
striking ‘‘$15,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$17,000,000’’; and 
(2) in sections 208, 310, and 607 by striking 
‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
SAGE -GROUSE  
SEC. 117. None of the funds made available 
by this or any other Act may be used by the Secretary of the Interior to write or issue 
pursuant to section 4 of the Endangered Spe-cies Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533)— 
(1) a proposed rule for greater sage-grouse 
(Centrocercus urophasianus ); 
(2) a proposed rule for the Columbia basin 
distinct population segment of greater sage- grouse. 
OFFSHORE PAY AUTHORITY EXTENSION  
SEC. 118. Section 117 of division G of Public 
Law 113–76 is amended by striking ‘‘and 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2017’’. 
ONSHORE PAY AUTHORITY EXTENSION  
SEC. 119. Section 123 of division G of Public 
Law 113–76 is amended by striking ‘‘and 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2017’’. 
IVORY  
SEC. 120. None of the funds made available 
by this or any other Act may be used to draft, prepare, implement, or enforce any new or revised regulation or order that— 
(1) prohibits or restricts, within the United 
States, the possession, sale, delivery, receipt, shipment, or transportation of ivory that has been lawfully imported into the United States; 
(2) changes any means of determining, in-
cluding any applicable presumptions con-cerning, when ivory has been lawfully im-ported; or 
(3) prohibits or restricts the importation of 
ivory that was lawfully importable into the United States as of February 1, 2014. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GRIJALVA  
Mr. GRIJALVA. I have an amend-
ment at the desk, Mr. Chairman. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. B ISHOP of 
Michigan). The Clerk will report the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Beginning at page 59, line 9, strike section 
120. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, last 
week, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice destroyed a 1-ton stockpile of ille-gal elephant ivory. Most of it was seized up from a Philadelphia antique dealer named Victor Gordon. 
For at least 9 years, Gordon imported 
and sold ivory from freshly killed Afri-can elephants in violation of U.S. law and the laws of the countries where the elephants were poached and the ivory stolen. 
How did he get away with this for so 
long? The ivory was doctored so that it looked old enough to pass through a loophole in the enforcement of the Af-rican Elephant Conservation Act, a law that was passed in 1989 to end the com-mercial import and export of ivory. 
While a ton of ivory was confiscated, 
there is no way to know how much Gordon had sold during the previous decade or where it is now. All we know for certain is all of it was illegal, all of it is nearly impossible to distinguish from antique ivory, and anyone who bought it from Gordon, resells it, or buys it from a new owner is contrib-uting to the ongoing slaughter of ele-phants and the criminal trafficking of ivory that supports organized crime and terrorism. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.066 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4753 June 25, 2015 
This has got to stop. How many more 
Victor Gordons are out there? The amount is a question that can’t be an-swered. The amount of ivory seized from his shop represents 100 elephants, roughly the same number killed every day in Africa. 
The photo we wanted to enlarge was 
a photo of an Africa elephant that had been killed and its head decapitated and the ivory butchered out of its head. Upon review, it was decided that it was too graphic and disturbing for the Chamber and for the floor, and we didn’t bring that one. 
While much of this poaching is fueled 
by demand for ivory in Asia, a signifi-cant black market exists in the United States, as evidenced by the Gordon case and similar State level investiga-tions in New York City and elsewhere. 
The only way—and I repeat—the only 
way to keep U.S. citizens from being involved, whether knowingly or un-knowingly, in this elephant poaching and trafficking crisis is to close the en-forcement loopholes and eliminate the commercial import, export, and trade of Africa elephant ivory in this coun-try. 
That is precisely what the Obama ad-
ministration is trying to do by pro-posing new rules to limit ivory trade in the United States. Instead of assisting in this important cause, House Repub-licans have slipped a rider into the ap-propriations bill to kill the new rule before it is even finalized. 
My amendment would remove this 
rider. Ending the commercial ivory trade does not mean taking away peo-ple’s musical instruments, as some have said, ivory-handled pistols, or family heirlooms. Museum collections, scientific specimens, and sport-hunted trophies will also be allowed to move freely. Further, items containing very small amounts of ivory can be bought and sold. 
Profiteering off elephant parts will 
no longer be allowed, nor should it be. As long as ivory has monetary value, people will kill elephants to get it. Eliminating value will eliminate de-mand and that will reduce wildlife poaching and trafficking. 
I understand the administration’s 
proposed ivory rule is due out very shortly, and in the interest of giving everyone a chance to review that rule, I will withdraw this amendment today. 
However, I will not hesitate to return 
with a similar amendment later if that is what it takes to remove this dam-aging rider from the bill. 
I ask, Mr. Chairman, unanimous con-
sent to withdraw my amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Arizona? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
REISSUANCE OF FINAL RULES  
SEC. 121. Before the end of the 60-day pe-
riod beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall reissue the final rule published on De-
cember 28, 2011 (76 Fed. Reg. 81666 et seq.) and the final rule published on September 10, 2012 (77 Fed. Reg. 55530 et seq.), without regard to any other provision of statute or regulation that applies to issuance of such rules. Such reissuances (including this section) shall not be subject to judicial review. 
NORTHERN LONG -EARED BAT  
SEC. 122. Before the end of the 60-day pe-
riod beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall amend the interim rule pertaining to the northern long-eared bat published by the Department of the Interior in the Federal Register on April 2, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 17974 et seq.), only in such a way that— 
(1) take incidental to any activity con-
ducted in accordance with the habitat con-servation measures identified at pages 18024 to 18205 of volume 80 of the Federal Register (April 2, 2015), as applicable, is not prohib-ited; and 
(2) the public comment period for such in-
terim rule is reopened for not less than 90 days. 
ECHINODERMS  
SEC. 123. Section 14.21(a)(1) of title 50, Code 
of Federal Regulations, is amended by in-serting ‘‘, including echinoderms commonly known as sea urchins and sea cucumbers,’’ after ‘‘products’’. 
TITLE II—ENVIRONMENTAL 
PROTECTION AGENCY 
S
CIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY  
For science and technology, including re-
search and development activities, which shall include research and development ac-tivities under the Comprehensive Environ-mental Response, Compensation, and Liabil-ity Act of 1980; necessary expenses for per-sonnel and related costs and travel expenses; procurement of laboratory equipment and supplies; and other operating expenses in support of research and development, $704,918,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017: Provided , That of the funds 
included under this heading, $7,100,000 shall be for Research: National Priorities as speci-fied in the report accompanying this Act. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . LANGEVIN  
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 61, line 16, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,625,000)’’. 
Page 62, lines 8 and 13, after each dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Rhode Island and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Rhode Island. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
This amendment, which I am offering 
with my good friends, Mr. K
EATING and 
Mr. C ICILLINE , will provide $1 million 
to the southern New England estuaries geographic program. This program was funded at $5 million last year and has been incredibly successful at leveraging resources, bringing stake-holders together, and increasing effi-ciencies. 
Estuaries are essential for healthy 
coastal ecosystems. They provide bene-fits of great economic and ecologic sig-nificance, including vital nesting and 
feeding habitats for aquatic plants and animals; yet they are increasingly af-fected by impacts of human activity along our coasts. These funds will be used to continue efforts to protect and restore our coasts and estuaries, which are critical for our environment and our economy. 
The southern New England estuaries 
geographic program supports projects and science to restore the health of southeastern New England’s estuaries watersheds and coastal waters and en-sure access now and in the future to re-silient, self-sustaining ecosystems and associated populations of our fish and shellfish. 
I would like to take a moment to say 
that the account that we are reallo-cating from, EPA science and tech-nology, is also critically important. While we would have liked to offer an amendment increasing the southern New England estuary geographic pro-gram to its full funding amount of $5 million, there were neither sufficient nor appropriate offsets in this bill to do so. 
Mr. Chair, I hope that as our appro-
priators go to conference with the Sen-ate, they are able to restore the full funding amount of $5 million for this important program. 
I would also like to thank Congress-
man K
EATING , along with Congressman 
CICILLINE , for being tremendous part-
ners in ensuring that our southern New England estuaries are restored and stay healthy for generations to come. 
I would like to thank Chairman C
AL-
VERT , Ranking Member M CCOLLUM , and 
their staffs who worked on this bill. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
funding for the southern New England estuary geographic program. 
I yield to the gentleman from Rhode 
Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ), my good friend 
and colleague, to speak on the amend-ment. 
b1615 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank my colleague and friend for yielding. 
I also would like to express my grati-
tude to Mr. K
EATING , who unfortu-
nately could not be with us today, for his hard work on this important issue, and I thank my colleague from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ) for his elegant 
words. 
Mr. Chairman, the estuaries in Nar-
ragansett Bay in Rhode Island and Buz-zards Bay in Massachusetts face sig-nificant environmental challenges, many shared by estuaries across the country. These challenges include riv-ers and streams that are disconnected from the landscape, the loss of critical wetlands, the impacts of centuries of urbanization and development, and aging infrastructure. 
Southern New England estuaries are 
especially threatened by these chal-lenges. Yet despite the harm that we know is being done to our estuaries, southern New England was the only ge-ographic region in this bill which saw 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.119 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4754 June 25, 2015 
all of its estuary funding eliminated. 
While some geographic regions were underfunded compared to fiscal year 2016 requests, most requests for geo-graphic regions were either met or, in some cases, increased. Inexplicably, it was only southern New England that was singled out for complete elimi-nation of funding for the next fiscal year. 
This amendment would restore a 
modest $1 million funding for southern New England estuaries program, as Congressman L
ANGEVIN said. Then, at 
conference, we hope that full funding is restored. 
The southern New England watershed 
has experienced more than 400 years of ecological degradation, which is fur-ther exacerbated by the effects of cli-mate change. Rivers and waterways have become disconnected from the wa-tershed, which has led to the absorp-tion of nitrogen and other pollutants from sources such as septic systems, treatment plants, and storm water run-off. 
The funding provided to these geo-
graphic programs allows for essential collaboration between Federal entities, nonprofit and academic institutions, and other private entities to formulate innovative solutions and to produce new technologies to create cleaner and clearer waterways. For example, in fis-cal year 2014, more than $65,000 in grants was awarded to the Narragan-sett Bay watershed. This funded projects run by Save the Bay in my dis-trict, including an education and awareness project for residents and businesses on Aquidneck Island as well as a partnership program involving the Rhode Island Coastal Resources Man-agement Council to facilitate site vis-its to more than 200 shoreline rights-of- way to determine any needed levels of improvement to public access. 
Programs like these have proven to 
be effective. In fact, the Narragansett Bay Estuary Program was awarded a 2015 Environmental Merit Award from EPA New England for outstanding con-tributions on behalf of southern New England’s public health and natural en-vironment. These collaborative efforts throughout the southern New England region with continued funding will help to support projects to protect ecologi-cal habitats, foster self-sustaining eco-systems, and protect wildlife. Federal collaboration and investment is essen-tial to helping local communities apply for and receive funding. 
I thank my colleague from Rhode Is-
land and my colleague from Massachu-setts for the great work they have done on this issue. 
I urge passage of this amendment by 
all of my colleagues. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim time in opposition, but I don’t oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. I would be happy to 
work with the gentlemen, and I would urge acceptance of this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman for his support of the amendment as well as my col-league and Mr. K
EATING . As I said, this 
is such an important amendment. It in-cludes important funding for pro-tecting our ecosystems. 
I urge passage of my amendment, and 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
ENVIRONMENTAL PROGRAMS AND MANAGEMENT  
For environmental programs and manage-
ment, including necessary expenses, not oth-erwise provided for, for personnel and related costs and travel expenses; hire of passenger motor vehicles; hire, maintenance, and oper-ation of aircraft; purchase of reprints; li-brary memberships in societies or associa-tions which issue publications to members only or at a price to members lower than to subscribers who are not members; adminis-trative costs of the brownfields program under the Small Business Liability Relief and Brownfields Revitalization Act of 2002; and not to exceed $9,000 for official reception and representation expenses, $2,472,289,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That of the funds included under 
this heading, $12,700,000 shall be for Environ-mental Protection: National Priorities as specified in the report accompanying this Act: Provided further , That of the funds in-
cluded under this heading, $403,523,000 shall be for Geographic Programs specified in the report accompanying this Act. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 62, line 8, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $2,212,000) (increased by $2,212,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to thank Chairman C
ALVERT and his 
staff for working with me on this amendment. It simply seeks to de-crease and then increase by the same amount within the $2.5 billion appro-priation for the environmental pro-grams and management account within the Environmental Protection Agency. More specifically, my amendment seeks to remove and then reapply $2.2 million from that account. 
The intent behind my amendment is 
simple. It is to put the House on record of supporting a final funding amount of $27,310,000 for the National Estuary Program and coastal waterways. 
Currently, the report accompanying 
this bill calls for $25,098,000 for the Na-tional Estuary Program and coastal 
waterways, which is $2,212,000 below both the Senate’s proposed appropria-tions level and the President’s request for fiscal year 2016. Hence, the amount specified in my amendment. 
The National Estuary Program and 
coastal waterways subaccount within the EPA does important work, includ-ing work in my State, especially on the Atlantic Coast. It addresses ocean acidification, seeks to remove coastal watersheds, furthers the National Es-tuary Program’s restoration goals, and assists in the implementation of the very important Gulf of Mexico hypoxia action plan. 
Mr. Chairman, there is an area, a 
large area called the dead zone off of Louisiana that literally stinks. It has no fish. It has no recreational opportu-nities. It has no fishing. It is, in fact, a scar on the face of the Earth. Part of 
the funding for this program is used to try to overcome the hypoxia situation that has arisen off the coast of Lou-isiana that threatens to spread not only to Texas, Alabama, and Mis-sissippi, but also to the coast of my State of Florida, eventually, if we do nothing about it. 
The estuarine regions of the United 
States comprise just 12 percent of land area of the United States, but they contain 43 percent of the U.S. popu-lation and provide 49 percent of all U.S. economic output. The economic value of coastal recreation alone in the United States—beach going, fishing, bird watching, snorkeling, diving, and so on—has conservatively been esti-mated by NOAA to be between $20 bil-lion and $60 billion annually. 
Clearly, the $2.2 million increase in 
funding for the National Estuary Pro-gram and coastal waterways that I am seeking will result in dramatic returns for the American economy, an en-hanced quality of life for the American people, and eliminate that scar on the face of planet Earth that exists off the coast of Louisiana and should never be allowed to spread. 
Mr. Chairman, I know that you sup-
port this amendment, and I am thank-ful for your support. With that in mind, I will stop talking before I lose your support. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MOONEY OF WEST  
VIRGINIA  
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. 
Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 62, line 8, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
Page 62, line 19, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from West Virginia and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.123 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4755 June 25, 2015 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from West Virginia. 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment to the fiscal year 2016 Inte-rior Appropriations bill that will help strengthen transparency and oversight at the Environmental Protection Agen-cy, EPA. My amendment simply pro-vides $1 million in additional funding for the Office of Inspector General at the EPA. 
I thank Chairman K
ENCALVERT for 
working with me on this amendment. 
Under the current administration, 
the EPA has waged an all-out war on jobs in the beautiful Second District of West Virginia and on communities across America. With this backdrop, I think it is absolutely critical that we strengthen oversight and transparency at the EPA. Taxpayers deserve to know what is going on behind the curtain. 
The Office of the Inspector General 
plays a critical oversight role within the EPA. It is the independent office that works diligently to root out waste, fraud, and abuse. For example, a May 28, 2015, report found that two sep-arate EPA employees were viewing por-nography at work for up to 6 hours a day, and they were paid in the neigh-borhood of $120,000 a year while doing it. 
The same report found that Renee 
Page, who at the time was Director of the EPA’s Office of Administration, al-legedly sold jewelry and weight loss pills out of her office. But she didn’t stop there with her abuses. She hired not one, not two, but 17 family mem-bers and friends for paid internships at the EPA. 
These are just two examples of the 
incredible abuses of public trust and of taxpayer dollars that occur at the EPA. Without rigorous oversight from the inspector general, these abuses might never have been exposed. 
My amendment provides additional 
oversight funding without increasing the budgetary impact of the fiscal year 2016 Interior Appropriations bill. We pull the money from the Office of Pub-lic Affairs, which is the office respon-sible for promoting the administra-tion’s radical environmental agenda, and use it instead for oversight. 
I would encourage my colleagues 
today to cast their vote in favor of my amendment. 
Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. I 
yield to the gentleman from California. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
would be happy to support this amend-ment. I appreciate the gentleman’s bringing it up, and I encourage every-one to adopt it. 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
OON-
EY). 
The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MOONEY OF WEST  
VIRGINIA  
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. 
Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 62, line 8, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
Page 132, line 24, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from West Virginia and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from West Virginia. 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. 
Chairman, this amendment would strike $2 million in funding from the Environmental Protection Agency Of-fice of Policy and transfer those funds to the deficit reduction account. 
The Office of Policy is located within 
the EPA Office of the Administrator and is the primary policy arm for the Agency, or what I have been calling the regulatory nerve center. The funding for this office directly supports this ad-ministration’s radical regulatory agen-da that is putting an alarming number of my constituents out of work, and they are not shy about it. 
The head of the EPA’s Office of Pol-
icy, Joel Beauvais, on October 13, 2014, boasted to a group of New York Univer-sity law students that his office ‘‘co-ordinates the process through which all of the EPA’s rules are developed, in-cluding the clean power plan.’’ 
Well, the so-called clean power plan 
is projected to increase energy costs by as much as $479 billion over the next 15 years. For my constituents in the beautiful Second District of West Vir-ginia, that means an average elec-tricity price increase of 12 percent. This is something we cannot afford. Yesterday, on the floor of this Cham-ber, we passed the ratepayer protection plan, which will stop the clean power plan, but the Office of Policy is coordi-nating more than just the clean power plan. The EPA issues about 150 new regulations each year, and this office is right at the center. 
Another rule that deserves attention 
is the EPA’s proposed ozone standard. The National Association of Manufac-turers found that this new regulation could reduce the United States’ GDP by $207 billion to $360 billion annually, leading to 2.9 million fewer jobs be-tween now and 2040. 
It is clear that the EPA, under this 
administration, will continue to pro-mote their radical environmentalist agenda through an enormous number of rules and regulations. We have to slow this process, and that is why I propose this amendment to cut the Of-fice of Policy funding by $2 million. I would encourage my colleagues today to cast their vote in favor of my amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
b1630 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. The gentleman’s 
amendment would cut $2 million from the Office of Policy and Program and put the savings into the so-called spending reduction account. If enacted, this would cut an already barebones bill that is plagued by policy riders and further erode our environment. 
I am concerned that this cut could 
have great influence on what the policy division does in its relationship in working with States and divisions within States, community assistance, and its research division. 
I would also point out to my col-
leagues that the spending reduction ac-count has never been enacted into law in the 4 years it has been proposed, so there really isn’t an account I know of that has been authorized where this fund could go. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose this 
amendment and to keep the Office of Policy able to do its work that impacts on our States and local community. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ). 
Mr. CALVERT. I agree with the gen-
tleman’s amendment. I would urge its adoption. 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
OON-
EY). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . TIPTON  
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 62, line 8, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $20,000,000)’’. 
Page 79, line 17, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $20,000,000)’’. 
Page 80, line 19, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $20,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Colorado. 
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I would like to thank Chairman C
AL-
VERT and Ranking Member M CCOLLUM  
for their collaborative efforts in put-ting together this bill that carefully and thoughtfully allocates limited re-sources in order to conserve and re-store our Nation’s precious natural re-sources. 
As you know, States across the Na-
tion, especially those in the West, face widespread drought and deteriorating forest health conditions, all of which increase the risk of catastrophic wildfires and the tragic loss of life and property. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.128 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4756 June 25, 2015 
Furthermore, these forest health 
conditions and the wildfires wreak havoc on species habitat; recreational economies; critical infrastructure; and clean, abundant water supplies. 
In 2014, the Forest Service and the 
Department of the Interior agencies spent over $1.5 million in fire suppres-sion costs to combat fires on more than $3.5 million acres of private, State, and Federal lands. 
These suppression costs will only 
continue to rise if we do not appro-priately address the critical issues of wildfire preparation, including haz-ardous fuel management activities. 
For far too long, we have been ad-
dressing the problem after the fact. That course of action has led to dec-ades of declining healthy forests and a staggering increase in the occurrence of catastrophic wildfires, putting peo-ple, communities, and ecosytems at risk. 
In fiscal year 2015, Congress provided 
a $75 million increase for hazardous fuels management. I applaud Chairman C
ALVERT and my colleagues for spear-
heading these efforts, but we can do more. 
Today, I am offering a simple amend-
ment that will bolster the wildfire management system account on the National Forest System lands by $20 million, allowing the Forest Service to be able to expand ongoing work on haz-ardous fuels reduction and fire mitiga-tion projects. 
Quite simply, the cost of proactive 
healthy forest management is far less than the cost of wildfire suppression and cleaning up devastating aftermaths. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment. 
At this time, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ), a cosponsor of this legisla-
tion. 
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, I appre-
ciate the gentleman from Colorado bringing this amendment. 
In the West, we are finding that our 
States are being burned up. They are burned up because the forests are sim-ply full of fuel that has not been cut or logged for the last 20, 30 years. These are internal decisions that were cre-ated by an inappropriate listing of the spotted owl, declaring that timber re-duction was the reason the spotted owl was going extinct. 
A couple of years ago, the Fish and 
Wildlife Service reversed that, saying: Oops, logging had nothing to do with it. 
It doesn’t matter. Now, the damage 
is done. Our forests are chock-full of fuels. It has been extraordinarily dry through the West. Small sparks set off tremendous blazes. The wind always blows in the West. We find these raging while fires that weren’t in existence 30, 40, and 50 years ago because nature was pretty well in harmony. 
The idea of the gentleman is simply 
to put more money into the fuels re-duction account. That is a common-sense solution that will save us in the 
West, save our valuable resources, save our valuable forests, and it will make sense for the country. 
I support the amendment and would 
urge its adoption. 
Mr. TIPTON. I yield to the gen-
tleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ), 
the chairman. 
Mr. CALVERT. I certainly agree with 
you. We need to improve the condition of our national forests. My home of California, as you know, is going through an exceptional drought. Colo-rado is just not sending enough water down the Colorado River, so you need to help us out a little bit. 
This hazardous fuel issue is a huge 
issue in my area. As you know, we have the blight issue that is just killing trees because we have too many trees in the forests, and it has weakened the forests. 
This is a good amendment, and I cer-
tainly urge its adoption. 
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Chairman, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition to the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Maine is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, while I cer-
tainly appreciate the challenges that so many Western States are facing right now with the drought and very frightening wildfires, I need to oppose this. 
Unlike most programs in H.R. 2822, 
especially within the Forest Service, the base hazardous fuels program re-ceived a $10 million increase above the FY 2015 enacted level. 
There is a reduction in H.R. 2822 to 
the biomass grant portion of the haz-ardous fuels program, but I see nothing in this amendment that addresses that cut. 
We would all like to see increases in 
funding for many programs funded by the bill. Chairman C
ALVERT has cer-
tainly been a strong advocate for a ro-bust wildland fire program, including hazardous fuels. Coming from the fire- prone State of California, as he just mentioned, he knows as well as anyone that our fire programs needs support, and he has funded that accordingly. 
To provide what would be a record 
level of funding for hazardous fuels, the sponsor of this amendment would cut an additional $20 million from the EPA, which is why I feel it is impor-tant to oppose this amendment. 
This bill already severely cuts the 
EPA’s main operating account by $141.4 million, or 5 percent. I strongly oppose an amendment that takes more money from the already starved EPA. The very air we breathe and the water we drink are endangered by the funding and policy decisions made in this bill, and their consequences will be nega-tively felt in communities across this Nation. 
I know cutting EPA is an easy target 
for many of my colleagues across the aisle, but I want to make sure that my colleagues understand what this 
amendment would cut if it was adopt-ed. 
This account funds programs that are 
important to both sides of the aisle, in-cluding permitting for construction projects across the country, toxics risk prevention, the cleanup of toxic waste sites, pesticide licensing, and radiation prevention. 
EPA’s work goes beyond the political 
talking point of scary regulations and is necessary to keep vulnerable popu-lations safe from environmental disas-ters. It is beyond reason, frankly, to cut the very Federal employees that have ably responded to the disasters such as the BP oil spill and the coal ash spill in Kingston, Tennessee, in 2008. 
I do not support gutting the EPA fur-
ther, and I oppose this amendment. I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Chairman, how 
much time is remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Colorado has 1 minute remaining. 
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Chairman, the cur-
rent Environmental Protection Agency likes to applaud itself that it is a champion of clean air and clean water. For those of us who live in the West, this is not a political talking point. This is reality. 
If you care about clean air, think 
about the carbon that is emitted from wildfires. Think about the devastation to the wildlife habitat as our forests burn. Think about clean water as ash is washed down through the ravines into very narrow watersheds where we have endangered species residing as well. 
I would submit, Mr. Chairman, that 
we actually put action through our words in terms of being proactive and in terms of addressing forest health. If you care about clean water, if you care about endangered species, if you care about clean air, this is an opportunity to actually allow us to be able to move the ball forward, to be able to address what the Environmental Protection Agency says it is about—that is clean air, clean water. 
This amendment will help achieve 
that goal, and encourage my colleagues to adopt it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. T
IPTON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
For necessary expenses of the Office of In-
spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $40,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017. 
B
UILDINGS AND FACILITIES  
For construction, repair, improvement, ex-
tension, alteration, and purchase of fixed equipment or facilities of, or for use by, the Environmental Protection Agency, $34,467,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.133 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4757 June 25, 2015 
HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCE SUPERFUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  
For necessary expenses to carry out the 
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA), including sections 111(c)(3), (c)(5), (c)(6), and (e)(4) (42 U.S.C. 9611) $1,088,769,000, to remain available until expended, con-sisting of such sums as are available in the Trust Fund on September 30, 2015, as author-ized by section 517(a) of the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986 (SARA) and up to $1,088,769,000 as a pay-ment from general revenues to the Haz-ardous Substance Superfund for purposes as authorized by section 517(b) of SARA: Pro-
vided , That funds appropriated under this 
heading may be allocated to other Federal agencies in accordance with section 111(a) of CERCLA: Provided further , That of the funds 
appropriated under this heading, $8,459,000 shall be paid to the ‘‘Office of Inspector Gen-eral’’ appropriation to remain available until September 30, 2017, and $16,217,000 shall be paid to the ‘‘Science and Technology’’ appro-priation to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
L
EAKING UNDERGROUND STORAGE TANKTRUST  
FUNDPROGRAM  
For necessary expenses to carry out leak-
ing underground storage tank cleanup activi-ties authorized by subtitle I of the Solid Waste Disposal Act, $91,941,000, to remain available until expended, of which $66,572,000 shall be for carrying out leaking under-ground storage tank cleanup activities au-thorized by section 9003(h) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act; $25,369,000 shall be for carrying out the other provisions of the Solid Waste Disposal Act specified in section 9508(c) of the Internal Revenue Code: Provided , That 
the Administrator is authorized to use ap-propriations made available under this head-ing to implement section 9013 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act to provide financial as-sistance to federally recognized Indian tribes for the development and implementation of programs to manage underground storage tanks. 
I
NLAND OILSPILL PROGRAMS  
For expenses necessary to carry out the 
Environmental Protection Agency’s respon-sibilities under the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, $17,944,000, to be derived from the Oil Spill Liability trust fund, to remain available until expended. 
S
TATE AND TRIBAL ASSISTANCE GRANTS  
For environmental programs and infra-
structure assistance, including capitaliza-tion grants for State revolving funds and performance partnership grants, $2,979,829,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which— 
(1) $1,018,000,000 shall be for making cap-
italization grants for the Clean Water State Revolving Funds under title VI of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act; and of which $757,000,000 shall be for making cap-italization grants for the Drinking Water State Revolving Funds under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act: Provided , That 
for fiscal year 2016, funds made available under this title to each State for Clean Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants and for Drinking Water State Revolv-ing Fund capitalization grants may, at the discretion of each State, be used for projects to address green infrastructure, water or en-ergy efficiency improvements, or other envi-ronmentally innovative activities: Provided 
further , That notwithstanding section 
603(d)(7) of the Federal Water Pollution Con-trol Act, the limitation on the amounts in a State water pollution control revolving fund that may be used by a State to administer the fund shall not apply to amounts included as principal in loans made by such fund in 
fiscal year 2016 and prior years where such amounts represent costs of administering the fund to the extent that such amounts are or were deemed reasonable by the Adminis-trator, accounted for separately from other assets in the fund, and used for eligible pur-poses of the fund, including administration: Provided further , That for fiscal year 2016, 
notwithstanding the limitation on amounts in section 518(c) of the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act, up to a total of 2 percent of the funds appropriated, or $30,000,000, which-ever is greater, and notwithstanding the lim-itation on amounts in section 1452(i) of the Safe Drinking Water Act, up to a total of 2 percent of the funds appropriated, or $20,000,000, whichever is greater, for State Revolving Funds under such Acts may be re-served by the Administrator for grants under section 518(c) and section 1452(i) of such Acts: Provided further , That for fiscal year 2016, 
notwithstanding the amounts specified in section 205(c) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, up to 1.5 percent of the aggre-gate funds appropriated for the Clean Water State Revolving Fund program under the Act less any sums reserved under section 518(c) of the Act, may be reserved by the Ad-ministrator for grants made under title II of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act for American Samoa, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Marianas, and United States Virgin Islands: Provided further , That for fis-
cal year 2016, notwithstanding the limita-tions on amounts specified in section 1452(j) of the Safe Drinking Water Act, up to 1.5 percent of the funds appropriated for the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund pro-grams under the Safe Drinking Water Act may be reserved by the Administrator for grants made under section 1452(j) of the Safe Drinking Water Act: Provided further , That 10 
percent of the funds made available under this title to each State for Clean Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants and 20 percent of the funds made available under this title to each State for Drinking Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants shall be used by the State to provide additional subsidy to eligible recipients in the form of forgiveness of principal, negative interest loans, or grants (or any combination of these), and shall be so used by the State only where such funds are provided as initial financing for an eligible recipient or to buy, refinance, or restructure the debt obligations of eligible recipients only where such debt was incurred on or after the date of enact-ment of this Act; 
(2) $5,000,000 shall be for architectural, en-
gineering, planning, design, construction and related activities in connection with the construction of high priority water and wastewater facilities in the area of the United States-Mexico Border, after consulta-tion with the appropriate border commis-sion; Provided , That no funds provided by 
this appropriations Act to address the water, wastewater and other critical infrastructure needs of the colonias in the United States along the United States-Mexico border shall be made available to a county or municipal government unless that government has es-tablished an enforceable local ordinance, or other zoning rule, which prevents in that ju-risdiction the development or construction of any additional colonia areas, or the devel-opment within an existing colonia the con-struction of any new home, business, or other structure which lacks water, waste-water, or other necessary infrastructure; 
(3) $10,000,000 shall be for grants to the 
State of Alaska to address drinking water and wastewater infrastructure needs of rural and Alaska Native Villages: Provided , That of 
these funds: (A) the State of Alaska shall provide a match of 25 percent; (B) no more than 5 percent of the funds may be used for 
administrative and overhead expenses; and (C) the State of Alaska shall make awards consistent with the Statewide priority list established in conjunction with the Agency and the U.S. Department of Agriculture for all water, sewer, waste disposal, and similar projects carried out by the State of Alaska that are funded under section 221 of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1301) or the Consolidated Farm and Rural De-velopment Act (7 U.S.C. 1921 et seq.) which shall allocate not less than 25 percent of the funds provided for projects in regional hub communities; 
(4) $75,000,000 shall be to carry out section 
104(k) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA), including grants, inter-agency agreements, and associated program support costs: Provided , That not more than 
25 percent of the amount appropriated to carry out section 104(k) of CERCLA shall be used for site characterization, assessment, and remediation of facilities described in section 101(39)(D)(ii)(II) of CERCLA; 
(5) $50,000,000 shall be for grants under title 
VII, subtitle G of the Energy Policy Act of 2005; 
(6) $20,000,000 shall be for targeted airshed 
grants in accordance with the terms and con-ditions of the report accompanying this Act; and 
(7) $1,044,829,000 shall be for grants, includ-
ing associated program support costs, to States, federally recognized tribes, inter-state agencies, tribal consortia, and air pol-lution control agencies for multi-media or single media pollution prevention, control and abatement and related activities, includ-ing activities pursuant to the provisions set forth under this heading in Public Law 104– 134, and for making grants under section 103 of the Clean Air Act for particulate matter monitoring and data collection activities subject to terms and conditions specified by the Administrator, of which: $47,745,000 shall be for carrying out section 128 of CERCLA; $9,646,000 shall be for Environmental Infor-mation Exchange Network grants, including associated program support costs; $1,498,000 shall be for grants to States under section 2007(f)(2) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act, which shall be in addition to funds appro-priated under the heading ‘‘Leaking Under-ground Storage Tank Trust Fund Program’’ to carry out the provisions of the Solid Waste Disposal Act specified in section 9508(c) of the Internal Revenue Code other than section 9003(h) of the Solid Waste Dis-posal Act; $17,848,000 of the funds available for grants under section 106 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act shall be for State participation in national- and State- level statistical surveys of water resources and enhancements to State monitoring pro-grams. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MCNERNEY  
Mr. M CNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 65, line 5, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $861,000,000)’’. 
Page 65, line 7, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $432,000,000)’’. 
Page 65, line 10, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $429,000,000)’’. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve a point of order on the gentle-man’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 333, 
the gentleman from California and a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.082 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4758 June 25, 2015 
Member opposed each will control 5 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. M CNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, al-
though I had planned to withdraw my amendment, I feel it is important to discuss the Clean Water and Safe Drinking Water State Revolving Funds and the benefits these funds provide to our Nation. 
Droughts are becoming more severe, 
which is putting an incredible strain on our water supply in California, and in my district, where we are experiencing a historic drought for the last 4 years. We have to manage our available water in smart and efficient ways. 
We lose an estimated 7 billion gallons 
of water a day from leaking pipes, with some cities losing as much as 30 per-cent of their water. At the same time, these cracks expose the water supply to an increasing number of waterborne diseases and contaminants. This means utilities face considerable challenges as they try to provide both adequate and safe drinking water to families and businesses. 
Upgrading our infrastructure would 
save trillions of gallons of water a year and make our water safer to drink, but the best part is that, according to the American Water Works Association, there are already enough shovel-ready water projects around the United States that would create work for more than 400,000 Americans, including al-most 90,000 direct construction jobs. These are jobs that would be welcomed with open arms in our towns and cities across the United States. 
Our Nation’s water infrastructure is 
in desperate need of repair. According to an infrastructure needs survey by the EPA, nearly $335 billion worth of repairs, upgrades, and replacements are needed by water systems in the next 20 years to continue providing safe drink-ing water and protecting public health. Almost $300 billion is needed to repair and replace wastewater and storm water pipes and treatment plants. 
Furthermore, the National Associa-
tion of Clean Water Agencies and the Association of Metropolitan Water Agencies estimate that utilities will need to spend $448 billion to $944 billion by 2050 just to deal with climate change impacts. 
Considering the significant water in-
frastructure needs our country is fac-ing, the Clean Water and Safe Drinking Water State Revolving Funds have never been more important. 
b1645 
These funds help finance projects 
that handle and treat domestic sewage and storm water and deliver drinking water to homes and businesses. These infrastructure investments also create jobs and have a positive impact on the economy well beyond the amount spent. 
Unfortunately, the bill proposes sig-
nificant—and I want to repeat that— significant reductions to drinking water SFRs and over a $400 million cut 
in the Clean Water Act sewage treat-ment SFRs. 
The Nation’s water infrastructure 
needs already exceed the available funding, and cutting the revolving funds by this much means that a great-er number of deserving community projects will not be able to get done. This approach will only imperil our in-frastructure and our healthy commu-nities that it helps foster. 
Congress should commit to providing 
the necessary funding to maintain and upgrade our Nation’s ailing water in-frastructure and make sure that the green infrastructure is a critical part of that process. 
My State of California is doing its 
best to cope with a severe and ongoing drought, and Congress must do its best to fund and support the needed infra-structure and water quality enhance-ments that preserve our precious water resources and create a sustainable sys-tem. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous con-
sent to withdraw my amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . KILDEE  
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 68, strike lines 1 and 2 and insert the 
following: ‘‘: Provided further , That an entity 
shall not be an eligible recipient for a grant under this paragraph unless the entity has experienced at least 15 percent population loss since 1970, as measured by data from the 2010 decennial census and has experienced prolonged population, income, and employ-ment loss resulting in substantial levels of housing vacancy and abandonment and such housing vacancies and abandonments are concentrated in more than one neighborhood or geographic area within a jurisdiction or jurisdictions.’’. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve a point of order on the gentle-man’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 333, 
the gentleman from Michigan and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, my 
hometown of Flint, Michigan, has en-dured decades of job loss and popu-lation loss through the slow, painful erosion of our manufacturing base. Previous trade deals, population shifts, bad land use management, and trade deals like NAFTA, for example, have accelerated the job losses in my home-town. 
That has had the effect of reducing 
local revenues, creating lower housing prices, less local services, and less in-vestments in things that matter the most, like infrastructure, including our own water system. To reinvest in those 
places costs money that the cities don’t have. 
The Drinking Water State Revolving 
Fund was specifically designed to as-sist communities with maintaining and improving water infrastructure. This fund provides critical support to ensure safe, clean drinking water is available in our communities. 
Many of us represent communities, 
however, that have outstanding loans issued under the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund from prior to 2009, and those loan funds are ineligible for cer-tain types of help because of the timing of those loans. 
In Flint, our current water system 
loses over a third of the treated water due to decades-old delivery systems be-fore it even reaches the faucets in homes and businesses. This city has re-lied on the Drinking Water State Re-volving Fund to improve this system, but the challenge and the cost is im-mense. 
The cost is even more daunting when 
the city is working to pull itself out of an economic downturn that has lasted not just a few years, but has lasted dec-ades. 
So we should, as Congress, give these 
communities the tools that they need to build bridges and roads, to fix their aging water systems, and bring, most importantly, economic development. My amendment would be an important step to doing this. 
First, it would allow current revolv-
ing loan funds to be used to provide loan forgiveness to cities that have outstanding loans, regardless of the date of the incurrence of that loan. Prior to 2009, those loans are not eligi-ble for loan forgiveness. Loans incurred after 2009 are actually eligible for for-giveness. So the first option, we would like to see those pre-2009 loans eligible for forgiveness. 
Second, the option to use new funds 
to provide loan forgiveness on prior loans is limited because these cities have had—this amendment would limit that loan forgiveness to cities that have had significant financial problems due to population loss, cities that have had a population loss of more than 15 percent since 1970 and also have a high rate of abandoned and vacant build-ings—basically, the cities that are in no position right now to finance im-provements to their system just be-cause of the level of abandonment, the level of population loss, and the rev-enue loss associated with it. 
Allowing financially distressed cities 
like Flint to have loans forgiven will bring some stability to these commu-nities and allow them to better serve their residents. 
So I ask for support for this amend-
ment to help communities across the country, like Flint, the backbone of the American economy in the 20th cen-tury, so that they can again become leaders in the 21st century. 
If we don’t re-invest in those places 
and find ways to do that, we are going 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.136 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4759 June 25, 2015 
to have a difficult time having them 
join the economy in a way that really makes a difference for the people who live there. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
make a point of order against the amendment because it proposes to change existing law and constitutes legislation in an appropriation bill and, therefore, violates clause 2 of rule XXI. 
The rule states in pertinent part: 
‘‘An amendment in a general appro-
priations bill shall not be in order if changing existing law.’’ 
The amendment requires a deter-
mination. 
I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, other 
than to say that I will continue to press every opportunity I have to find a way to help these communities. 
I understand the gentleman’s point of 
order, and I will continue to work with him and any other Member of this body that will help me find a path forward to help communities like this commu-nity of Flint that is really struggling to deliver clean water to its residents. 
The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
If not, the Chair is prepared to rule. The Chair finds that this amendment 
includes language requiring new deter-minations, such as levels of population loss and housing vacancy. 
The amendment, therefore, con-
stitutes legislation in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. 
The point of order is sustained, and 
the amendment is not in order. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS — 
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER AND RESCISSION OF  
FUNDS)  
For fiscal year 2016, notwithstanding 31 
U.S.C. 6303(1) and 6305(1), the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, in carrying out the Agency’s function to imple-ment directly Federal environmental pro-grams required or authorized by law in the absence of an acceptable tribal program, may award cooperative agreements to feder-ally recognized Indian tribes or Intertribal consortia, if authorized by their member tribes, to assist the Administrator in imple-menting Federal environmental programs for Indian tribes required or authorized by law, except that no such cooperative agree-ments may be awarded from funds des-ignated for State financial assistance agree-ments. 
The Administrator of the Environmental 
Protection Agency is authorized to collect and obligate pesticide registration service fees in accordance with section 33 of the Fed-eral Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136w-8). 
Notwithstanding section 33(d)(2) of the 
Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA) (7 U.S.C. 136w- 8(d)(2)), the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency may assess fees under section 33 of FIFRA (7 U.S.C. 136w-8) 
for fiscal year 2016. 
The Administrator is authorized to trans-
fer up to $300,000,000 of the funds appro-priated for the Great Lakes Restoration Ini-tiative under the heading ‘‘Environmental Programs and Management’’ to the head of any Federal department or agency, with the concurrence of such head, to carry out ac-tivities that would support the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative and Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement programs, projects, or activities; to enter into an inter-agency agreement with the head of such Fed-eral department or agency to carry out these activities; and to make grants to govern-mental entities, nonprofit organizations, in-stitutions, and individuals for planning, re-search, monitoring, outreach, and implemen-tation in furtherance of the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative and the Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement. 
The Science and Technology, Environ-
mental Programs and Management, Office of Inspector General, Hazardous Substance Superfund, and Leaking Underground Stor-age Tank Trust Fund Program Accounts, are available for the construction, alteration, re-pair, rehabilitation, and renovation of facili-ties provided that the cost does not exceed $150,000 per project. 
The Administrator of the Environmental 
Protection Agency shall base agency policies and actions regarding air emissions from for-est biomass including, but not limited to, air emissions from facilities that combust forest biomass for energy, on the principle that for-est biomass emissions do not increase over-all carbon dioxide accumulations in the at-mosphere when USDA Forest Inventory and Analysis data show that forest carbon stocks in the U.S. are stable or increasing on a na-tional scale, or when forest biomass is de-rived from mill residuals, harvest residuals or forest management activities. Such poli-cies and actions shall not pre-empt existing authorities of States to determine how to utilize biomass as a renewable energy source and shall not inhibit States’ authority to apply the same policies to forest biomass as other renewable fuels in implementing Fed-eral law. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 73, strike lines 8 through 23. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Virginia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chair, my amend-
ment would correct the assertion in this bill that all forest biomass is car-bon neutral. The assertion is simply scientifically inaccurate. 
In 2012, EPA’s Scientific Advisory 
Board directly challenged the claim that all forest biomass is carbon neu-tral, explaining that while some types of carbon biomass may indeed be, it is inappropriate to assume that all types of forest biomass are carbon neutral. This misperception could have serious consequences for wildlife habitat and for our ability to combat climate change in the coming years. In fact, numerous studies have underscored that using some types of forest bio-mass, particularly slow-growing trees, 
can actually increase atmospheric car-bon for many decades. 
The New York Times this Tuesday 
mentioned a study commissioned by the State of Massachusetts that indi-cated that the climate impacts of burn-ing wood were worse than those for coal for 45 years and worse than that for natural gas for 90 years. 
To know what types of biomass are 
truly low-carbon, scientists need to ac-tually assess them, and treating all forest biomass as carbon neutral is risky. The Energy Information Admin-istration has found that this will lead to a boom in the use of forest and other biomass for energy. 
While this sounds like a good idea on 
the surface, the resulting logging would have dire consequences for cli-mate mitigation and wildlife habitat. It would also drive up the price of pulp-wood and other lower grades of wood for wood-product industries. 
In my State of Virginia, local envi-
ronmental organizations are concerned that if biomass is treated as carbon neutral, it would encourage Dominion Virginia Power to burn wood from for-ests to meet its emission reduction ob-ligations. Dominion has already con-verted three of its existing coal plants to run on biomass fuel and has a hybrid energy center that can burn up to 20 percent biomass for fuel. 
I share the concern of these local 
groups that Virginia will become known as a State that harvests forests to reduce its dependence on coal, rath-er than developing renewable tech-nologies that clearly reduce emissions, such as solar and wind. More broadly, I worry about the precedent that this will set for forest management policy in the U.S. and around the world. 
We have already seen that under the 
European Emissions Trading System, where biomass has a zero emissions rating, European companies have in-vested billions to convert coal plants to plants that can burn wood pellets, leading to an incredible demand for wood. Earlier this month, The Wash-ington Post reported that Europe’s cli-mate policies have led to more U.S. trees being cut down as wood pellets are being exported to meet the demand for wood fuel. 
More than two dozen pellet factories 
have been constructed in the south-eastern U.S. over the past decade, along with special port facilities in Virginia and Georgia to ship the wood to Europe. Demand for wood in Europe is so robust that wood pellet exports from the U.S. nearly doubled from 2012 to 2013 and are expected to nearly dou-ble again this year. 
We should not create artificial de-
mand to meet scientifically unsubstan-tiated goals. It is critical that we make sure that the accounting used to esti-mate net biogenic emissions is scientif-ically accurate before we implement policies that might add carbon pollu-tion rather than reduce it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.139 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4760 June 25, 2015 
Mr. Chair, I will withdraw this 
amendment, but I do so urging my col-leagues to support policies that are sci-entifically accurate, and to realize that not all forest biomass is carbon neu-tral, and that the EPA should take that into consideration. 
I look forward to working with the 
chairman and the ranking member to more appropriately consider biomass. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous con-
sent to withdraw my amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. M
OOLENAAR ). 
Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Of the unobligated balances available for 
‘‘State and Tribal Assistance Grants’’ ac-count, $8,000,000 are permanently rescinded: Provided , That no amounts may be rescinded 
from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pur-suant to the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emer-gency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
For fiscal year 2016, and notwithstanding 
section 518(f) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1377(f)), the Adminis-trator is authorized to use the amounts ap-propriated for any fiscal year under section 319 of the Act to make grants to federally recognized Indian tribes pursuant to sections 319(h) and 518(e) of that Act. 
TITLE III—RELATED AGENCIES 
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE 
F
OREST SERVICE  
FOREST AND RANGELAND RESEARCH  
For necessary expenses of forest and range-
land research as authorized by law, $277,507,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided , That of the funds provided, 
$70,000,000 is for the forest inventory and analysis program. 
STATE AND PRIVATE FORESTRY  
For necessary expenses of cooperating with 
and providing technical and financial assist-ance to States, territories, possessions, and others, and for forest health management, including treatments of pests, pathogens, and invasive or noxious plants and for re-storing and rehabilitating forests damaged by pests or invasive plants, cooperative for-estry, and education and land conservation activities and conducting an international program as authorized, $220,665,000, to re-main available until expended, as authorized by law; of which $50,660,000 is to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  
For necessary expenses of the Forest Serv-
ice, not otherwise provided for, for manage-ment, protection, improvement, and utiliza-tion of the National Forest System, $1,490,093,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided , That of the funds provided, 
$40,000,000 shall be deposited in the Collabo-rative Forest Landscape Restoration Fund for ecological restoration treatments as au-thorized by 16 U.S.C. 7303(f): Provided further , 
That of the funds provided, $355,000,000 shall be for forest products: Provided further , That 
of the funds provided, up to $81,941,000 is for the Integrated Resource Restoration pilot program for Region 1, Region 3 and Region 4: Provided further , That of the funds provided 
for forest products, up to $65,560,000 may be transferred to support the Integrated Re-source Restoration pilot program in the pre-ceding proviso: Provided further , That the 
Secretary of Agriculture may transfer to the Secretary of the Interior any unobligated funds appropriated in a previous fiscal year for operation of the Valles Caldera National Preserve. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BENISHEK  
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 75, line 14, insert after the dollar 
amount the following: ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
Page 76, line 8, insert after the dollar 
amount the following: ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Michigan and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today in support of my amendment to H.R. 2822, the fiscal year 2016 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations bill. 
Mr. Chairman, my district covers 
nearly half the State of Michigan and includes three Federal forests. These forests are a major vacation destina-tion for people, not only in my district, but in districts of Members all across the country. 
Yet, sadly, many of our constituents 
arrive to the Federal forests of north-ern Michigan to find that the road to their favorite fishing spot or hiking trail or ORV path has been arbitrarily closed by the Forest Service, with no warning and no input from the local community. 
Mr. Chairman, the last thing that 
people want to do when they travel to the woods of northern Michigan with their families is to learn about the ob-scure policies of the U.S. Forest Serv-ice, a Federal agency that treats the forests like their personal property in-stead of a public resource for everyone to enjoy. 
b1700 
Activities like hunting, 
snowmobiling, fishing, and hiking all depend on access to these forests. And it is important to note that the out-door economy contributes over $5.5 bil-lion and 194,000 jobs to Michigan, most of which are in my district. 
My amendment is an opportunity to 
demonstrate to the Forest Service that their focus should be on making our forests more open and accessible to the American people. In practice, the amendment would reduce spending from the National Forest System vege-tation and watershed program by $2 million and transfer those funds into the capital improvement and mainte-nance fund. 
Now, you might ask yourself, What 
does that have to do with opening for-est roads? 
Well, I will tell you. According to the Forest Service, 
when work is necessary to open a road for access, they use the capital im-
provement and maintenance fund. If the Forest Service is working to close a road to appease environmentalists who don’t want anyone to visit the for-est, they use the vegetation and water-shed line item. 
My amendment is simple. It gives 
more dollars to the Forest Service to keep roads open rather than closed. In addition, the CBO says that this change would save taxpayers $1 million for fiscal year 2016. 
Mr. Chairman, today I am standing 
up on behalf of my constituents in my district who want to use their forests responsibly, who want to teach their kids and grandkids how to hunt, fish, and snowmobile. They want to enjoy nature. Furthermore, I am standing up today for the small businesses that em-ploy families throughout the outdoor economy. 
For example, I recently visited Ex-
treme Power Sports in Gaylord, where they sell a variety of all-terrain vehi-cles, sleds, and safety gear. This small business sells ATVs and sleds to users all over the country who come to enjoy the trails and forests in our State and beyond. 
In addition to businesses like Ex-
treme Power Sports, the hotels and restaurants around northern Michigan are supported by those who come to visit our forests year-round. 
Healthy, accessible forests are impor-
tant for our way of life in northern Michigan and across the United States. All of our constituents deserve im-proved access to the forests, and I urge my colleagues to support this amend-ment. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. BENISHEK. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Idaho. 
Mr. SIMPSON. I thank the gen-
tleman for raising these concerns about how the Forest Service is man-aging its roads and trails in Michigan. I will tell you that the same concerns exist around the country, in Idaho as well as other States, too. 
Chairman C
ALVERT and the com-
mittee would be happy to work with you on this issue as the Interior bill moves through the process. 
If there is no objection, we would be 
willing to accept the amendment. 
Mr. BENISHEK. I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ENISHEK ). 
The amendment was agreed to. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
move that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. R
OUZER ) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
BISHOP of Michigan, Acting Chair of 
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H. R. 2822) making appropriations for the Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.142 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4761 June 25, 2015 
the Interior, environment, and related 
agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR A CONDITIONAL 
ADJOURNMENT OR RECESS OF THE SENATE AND AN ADJOURN-MENT OF THE HOUSE OF REP-RESENTATIVES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following privileged concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 19) providing for recess of the Senate from June 25, 2015, until July 7, 2015, and ad-journment of the House from June 25, 2015, until July 7, 2015. 
The Clerk read the concurrent reso-
lution, as follows: 
S. C ON. RES. 19 
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-
resentatives concurring), That when the Sen-
ate recesses or adjourns on any day from Thursday, June 25, 2015, through Friday, July 3, 2015, on a motion offered pursuant to this concurrent resolution by its Majority Leader or his designee, it stand recessed or adjourned until 12:00 noon on Tuesday, July 7, 2015, or such other time on that day as may be specified by its Majority Leader or his designee in the motion to recess or ad-journ, or until the time of any reassembly pursuant to section 2 of this concurrent reso-lution, whichever occurs first; and that when the House adjourns on any legislative day from Thursday, June 25, 2015, through Fri-day, July 3, 2015, on a motion offered pursu-ant to this concurrent resolution by its Ma-jority Leader or his designee, it stand ad-journed until 2:00 p.m. on Tuesday, July 7, 2015, or until the time of any reassembly pur-suant to section 3 of this concurrent resolu-tion, whichever occurs first. 
S
EC. 2. (a) The Majority Leader of the Sen-
ate or his designee, after concurrence with the Minority Leader of the Senate, shall no-tify the Members of the Senate to reassem-ble at such place and time as he may des-ignate if, in his opinion, the public interest shall warrant it. 
(b) After reassembling pursuant to sub-
section (a), when the Senate adjourns on a motion offered pursuant to this subsection by its Majority Leader or his designee, the Senate shall again stand adjourned pursuant to the first section of this concurrent resolu-tion. 
S
EC. 3. (a) The Speaker or his designee, 
after consultation with the Minority Leader of the House, shall notify the Members of the House to reassemble at such place and time as he may designate if, in his opinion, the public interest shall warrant it. 
(b) After reassembling pursuant to sub-
section (a), when the House adjourns on a motion offered pursuant to this subsection by its Majority Leader or his designee, the House shall again stand adjourned pursuant to the first section of this concurrent resolu-tion. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, reserving 
my right to object. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Maryland is recognized. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I express 
my deep disappointment that the House will adjourn without having con-cluded its business. 
Charter authority for the Export-Im-
port Bank is set to expire this coming Tuesday should Congress fail to reau-thorize it, which apparently we are going to fail to do. Shutting down the 
Bank puts at risk tens of thousands of jobs at American businesses whose ex-ports are supported by the Bank’s fi-nancing mechanisms. 
Everybody knows that a bill to reau-
thorize the Bank has the votes to pass in this House. Everybody has known that the charter authority to back up loans by those who would buy goods from American workers expires at the end of this month. The Speaker of this House has said that jobs will be lost shortly after we fail to do this act, which we apparently are going to fail to do. 
It is the will of the House and ought 
to be reflected by a vote of the House that this charter be renewed. And once we send it down the hall, such a bill will pass the Senate. Who said so? Sen-ator R
OYBLUNT , who used to be the 
majority whip and majority leader and minority whip in this House. 
Before leaving to go home to our dis-
tricts, we ought to reauthorize the Bank and provide certainty, Mr. Speaker, to businesses and their work-ers who depend on it to level the play-ing field against foreign competitors. 
There are 85 such banks located in 60 
countries with whom we compete. This will diminish, at least for a short time, our ability to compete in international markets. That will cost, as Speaker B
OEHNER has said, jobs in the short 
term. 
At the same time, I want to say that 
my friend from Mississippi, Represent-ative T
HOMPSON , noticed a resolution 
that was referred to the Committee on House Administration today. Mr. Speaker, I believe that that resolution deserves to be considered in the com-mittee without delay, and I hope it will be. 
In the aftermath of the horrific and 
racially motivated murders of nine in-nocent people in Charleston last week, Americans across the country are tak-ing a long overdue, critical look at the practice of allowing confederate sym-bols of hatred, slavery, and segregation to remain on prominent display in our public places. There is no public space more visible and more important than this United States Capitol Building. 
Mr. T
HOMPSON ’s resolution would au-
thorize the Speaker to remove Mis-sissippi’s flag—the only one to include the battle flag of the Confederacy— from the Capitol complex until such time as the State of Mississippi selects a new flag, free from a legacy of big-otry, exclusion, and racism. 
I hope that Mississippians will move 
swiftly to design a new flag that more accurately reflects their pride in diver-sity, tolerance, and equality. 
There is no reason why any Member 
or staffer, especially those whose an-cestors suffered the horrors of slavery and segregation, should have to see that symbol in the temple to liberty that is our Capitol. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I am disappointed 
that the House is adjourning without having completed its task for the June work period and without having shown 
the American people that Congress can do what it has been sent to do: support job growth, promote justice, and achieve results for those it serves. 
Mr. Speaker, if I thought continuing 
my objection would lead to the swift enactment today or tomorrow of the Export-Import Bank, I would object. I do not believe that that would be the result; and, therefore, I will shortly withdraw my objection, but with a plea to the majority party that they bring to the floor very shortly after we re-turn the reauthorization of the Export- Import Bank and that the Committee on House Administration give prompt consideration to the resolution of the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMPSON ). 
I withdraw my reservation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The res-
ervation is withdrawn. 
Without objection, the concurrent 
resolution is concurred in. 
There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PATRIOT WEEK 
(Mr. BISHOP of Michigan asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-
er, with our 239th Independence Day around the corner, I rise today to urge my colleagues to join me in recog-nizing what makes our Nation the greatest country in the world by cele-brating Patriot Week later this year. 
In 2009, while I served in the Michi-
gan Senate, we became the first legis-lative body to recognize Patriot Week. Since then, five States and countless private organizations have participated in celebrating our Founders and other great Americans who furthered the cause of liberty. 
Patriot Week pays tribute to influen-
tial Americans, from George Wash-ington to Martin Luther King, Jr.; it celebrates our values, from equal pro-tection under the law to limited gov-ernment; and it remembers our most important events, from the passage of the Constitution in 1787 to the ratifica-tion of the 19th Amendment, to many other events that collectively define our country. 
Mr. Speaker, my resolution recog-
nizes how each of these events has ad-vanced the principles we hold in the highest regard and encourages our schools, our government agencies, States, and private employers to par-ticipate as well as take time to remem-ber and learn about these events that are so important to our history. 
Patriot Week begins by remembering 
those who died in the attacks of Sep-tember 11, 2001, and those who sac-rificed to save others. It ends on Sep-tember 17 by celebrating Constitution Day and honoring those who risked ev-erything to establish this Republic, for which we all have the privilege of serv-ing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.147 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4762 June 25, 2015 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I urge my 
colleagues to join me in supporting my Patriot Week resolution. 
f 
b1715 
ALOHA SPIRIT 
(Ms. GABBARD asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, a week 
ago, a man walked into a church in South Carolina and, in cold blood, gunned down nine worshippers. His ac-tions were motivated by ignorance and hate. Throughout history and also in present day, unfortunately, there has been so much terror and suffering caused by ignorance and hate. 
Mr. Speaker, in order to truly tran-
scend racism, we must do more than remove slurs from our national vocabu-lary. In Hawaii, my home State, that consciousness is known as the aloha spirit—the consciousness of love and respect for all others, regardless of dif-ferences such as race, religion, gender, or nationality. 
Understanding this truth is the path 
to peace. I would like to quote Ma-hatma Gandhi who said: 
There must be a recognition of the exist-
ence of the soul apart from the body, and of its permanent nature, and this recognition must amount to a living faith; and, in the last resort, nonviolence does not avail those who do not possess a living faith in the God of love. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CAROLINE 
ROBERTSON 
(Mr. ROUZER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to take a moment to recognize a truly inspirational individual from my district. Caroline Robertson is a 12- year-old girl from Potters Hill, North Carolina. We met last October at an event in Beulaville. She was born with Trisomy 18, a rare chromosomal dis-order. 
Despite her diagnosis, Caroline has 
maintained a positive outlook on life, choosing to live every minute of every day. Last year, Caroline was crowned a ‘‘Dream Angel’’ by the North Carolina Outstanding Little Miss Pageant. She is using her crown to help raise aware-ness for handicapped children through-out North Carolina. 
Earlier this year, Caroline hosted a 
fundraiser called Bikers, Tea, and Ti-aras to raise money for Children’s Mir-acle Network Hospitals. There were over 35 crown titles in attendance, in-cluding Miss North Carolina 2014, Beth Stovall. 
Caroline has had to overcome more 
adversity in 12 years than most of us will in a lifetime. She is a true inspira-tion to all around her, and I am hon-ored to know her. 
I would like to thank her for her 
work as a Dream Angel, and I know she will continue to accomplish great things in the years to come. NUCLEAR NEGOTIATIONS WITH 
IRAN 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, it seems like 
every day there is a startling headline about a new concession to Iran in the nuclear negotiations. We are undeni-ably cascading further and further from where these talks started just 19 months ago. 
With the latest deadline for the deal 
only 5 days away, I fear and expect that even more damaging concessions to the Iranians are on the way. It doesn’t need to be this way. We don’t have to accept it, and we must make sure that our voices continue to be heard by the administration on this historic issue. 
We know that upon reaching a deal— 
any deal—there will be a full on PR blitz to try to sell this agreement. When that happens, we must stand strong and avoid the temptation to simply go along with the ‘‘thrill of the deal.’’ 
Instead of getting swept up in the 
momentum, we must not flinch from the simple, foundational idea that we have dedicated ourselves to all along, preventing Iran from having any path to a nuclear weapon. We can do it if we stick together. 
f 
SUPREME COURT ISSUES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
MOOLENAAR ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it has 
been a big day over at the Supreme Court and a big day for the Constitu-tion as the Constitution has taken a rather profound hit. 
I understand the rules, Mr. Speaker. 
The rules are made clear. We will not impugn anybody’s integrity and office up here, so I am not talking about an individual, I am talking about how completely dishonest, disingenuous, and how much affront to the Constitu-tion and pure candor the majority’s opinion is at the Supreme Court. 
Nothing is more of an indictment 
against the majority opinion than at the end of the opinion itself. The ma-jority indicted themselves with their own words. 
At the end of the majority opinion, 
the majority says, ‘‘In a democracy, the power to make the law rests with those chosen by the people. Our role is more confined’’—and then quotes from Marbury v. Madison—‘‘to say what the law is.’’ 
The Court today goes on to say: 
‘‘That is easier in some cases than in others. But in every case we must re-spect the role of the legislature, and take care not to undo what it has done. A fair reading of legislation demands a fair understanding of the legislative plan. ‘‘Congress passed the Affordable Care 
Act to improve health insurance mar-kets, not to destroy them. If at all pos-sible, we must interpret the Act in a way that is consistent with the former, and avoids the latter. Section 36B can fairly be read consistent with what we see as Congress’ plan, and that is the reading we adopt.’’ 
The judgment of the United States 
Court of Appeals Fourth Circuit is af-firmed. 
That majority opinion is an indict-
ment of the majority. The Constitution is worthless—absolutely worthless— when we have a majority of the Su-preme Court that makes up law or in this case says: Do you know what? We know what Congress passed, we have read it, and we get it. 
It makes exceedingly clear that un-
less a State sets up a State exchange for health care, then that State will be punished by not getting subsidies. That was debated, and that was included by the majority of the House and Senate without a single Republican vote, not a single Republican vote. 
As the former chair of Ways and 
Means told some of our Members: We don’t need your vote, and we don’t want your input. 
They did it as one party, jamming 
this down the throats of the Repub-lican Party and the majority of the American people. That is why they lost the majority in November 2010. 
They made it very clear. If you don’t 
set up a State exchange, you don’t get the subsidies in your State. God bless all the States that stood up and said: No, this is wrong. A majority of the American people didn’t want this. You passed this without any input from nearly a majority of the constituents that are represented by Republicans. You didn’t care that it was the most partisan a bill that has ever passed in Congress. You didn’t care. You forced it. It is bad for Americans, and we are not going to help you by setting up a State exchange. Yes, we understand the law is very clear. Our State doesn’t get the subsidies from the Federal Gov-ernment—those are called bribes to be more literal—our State won’t get the bribes that you throw back at us that came from our taxpayers if we don’t set up the State exchanges. We under-stand that. 
So what happens? The people that 
passed that bill and the President that helped pass the bill and forced it through and signed it realized they had made a major mistake, and rather than come and get Republicans to fix the disaster they had created, the Presi-dent who had indicated he has a pen and he has a phone, decided: That al-lows me to make law, create new law, and change law completely that I have already signed into law because I got a pen and a phone, I can just change it upon my whim. 
The President basically decided, 
through his administration, they de-cided that they would set up Federal exchanges. Even though the law was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.148 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4763 June 25, 2015 
very unequivocal, those States get no 
subsidies. They decided we better start giving them subsidies. If I sound sen-sitive about this, Mr. Speaker, it is be-cause I am. 
This disaster of a healthcare bill that 
costs so many of my constituents the health insurance they liked because they were lied to every time they were told by anybody if you like your policy you can keep it, that was a lie, and when people were told, Nobody that is in this country illegally will ever get insurance under ObamaCare, that was a lie. 
When they were told, If you like your 
doctor, you can keep your doctor, no matter who told it to them, that was a lie. They were all lies. 
We found out later they talked about 
it within the White House and decided: Well, the best thing to do is not to tell everybody that they stand a good chance of losing their own health in-surance and losing their doctor and los-ing their hospital and losing their par-ticular policy that may keep them alive. Let’s don’t tell them that. Let’s just say, if you like your doctor, if you like your health care, you can keep it. 
The bill passed. It was a bad bill, and 
now, we have a Supreme Court that has entered into the fiction and the fraud that this opinion can somehow act like the law was equivocal when it was very unequivocal. 
God bless Antonin Scalia and Clar-
ence Thomas at the—well, the minor-ity opinion, as it says here, I have a copy of the whole opinion, including the dissent, Justice Scalia with Justice Thomas and Justice Alito join, dis-senting. 
That dissent starts by saying the 
Court holds that when the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act says ‘‘exchanges established by the State,’’ it means ‘‘exchanges established by the State or the Federal Government.’’ 
That is, of course, quite absurd, and 
the Court’s 21 pages of explanation make it no less so. 
The dissenting opinion also states in 
answer to the question of whether someone who buys insurance on an ex-change established by the Secretary gets the tax credit, he says: ‘‘You would think the answer would be obvi-ously.’’ 
Obviously, there would hardly be a 
need for the Supreme Court to hear a case about it. In order to receive any money under section 36B, an individual must enroll in an insurance plan through ‘‘an exchange established by the State.’’ The Secretary of Health and Human Services is not a State. 
Further down, he says: ‘‘Words no 
longer have meaning if an exchange that is not established by a State is ‘established by the State.’’’ 
Further down he quotes: ‘‘The plain, 
obvious, and rational meaning of a statute is always to be preferred to any curious, narrow, hidden sense that nothing but the exigency of a hard case and the ingenuity and study of an acute and powerful intellect would dis-cover.’’ That quote is from Lynch v. Alworth- 
Stephens Company. 
b1730 
Under all the usual rules of interpre-
tation, in short, the government should lose this case, but normal rules of in-terpretation seem always to yield to overriding principle of the present Court: the Affordable Care Act must be saved. 
Mr. Speaker, the trouble this Nation 
is in when we have a President who makes law at the sound of his voice, at the stroke of his pen, without going through Congress, and then that is ag-gravated exponentially by a Supreme Court that enters into the charade. 
As the Court said on page 5 of its dis-
sent, adopting the Court’s interpreta-tions means nullifying the term ‘‘by the State,’’ not just once, but again and again throughout the act. 
It goes on to point out that the term 
‘‘by the State’’ is mentioned seven times throughout the bill and that the majority on the Court, they could care less about the Constitution, they could care less about their oath. They feel their job is to uphold anything that this President and the former Demo-cratic majority sent to them, regard-less of how badly it requires them to ax the Constitution. 
Page 12 of the dissent says: ‘‘For its 
next defense of the indefensible, the Court’’—talking about the majority— ‘‘turns to the Affordable Care Act’s de-sign and purposes.’’ 
Well, obviously, they need to turn to 
something because the law was very clear. To get the subsidies, a State had to set up an exchange. 
Page 13 of the dissent says: ‘‘Having 
gone wrong in consulting statutory purpose at all, the Court goes wrong again in analyzing it.’’ 
Page 15 of the dissent says: 
‘‘Compounding its errors, the Court forgets that it is no more appropriate to consider one of a statute’s purposes in isolation than it is to consider one of its words that way.’’ 
Page 16 of the dissent says: ‘‘Worst of 
all, for the repute of today’s decision, the Court’s reasoning is largely self-de-feating.’’ 
It goes on to explain why. Page 18 of the dissent says: ‘‘The 
Court’s decision reflects the philosophy that judges should endure whatever in-terpretive distortions it takes in order to correct a supposed flaw in the statu-tory machinery. That philosophy ig-nores the American people’s decision to give Congress ‘all legislative powers’ enumerated in the Constitution, citing article I, section 1. They made Con-gress, not this Court, responsible for both making laws and mending them. 
‘‘This Court holds only the judicial 
power, the power to pronounce the law as Congress has enacted it. We lack the prerogative to repair laws that do not work out in practice, just as the people lack the ability to throw us out of of-fice if they dislike the solutions we concoct. We must always remember, therefore, that our task is to apply the 
text, not to improve upon it.’’ 
The dissent actually cites precedent 
for that very language. 
Trying to make its judge-empowering 
approach seem respectful of Congres-sional authority, the Court asserts that its decision merely ensures that the Af-fordable Care Act operates the way Congress meant it to operate. 
First of all, what makes the Court so 
sure that Congress meant tax credits to be available everywhere? Those are great questions that the dissent asks, even though they are rhetorical. 
The Supreme Court struck a blow for 
tyranny today. I predicted this for quite some time because when you have someone who is Solicitor General under the Obama administration and who has the job of advising—well, first of all, defending legislation and defend-ing acts that the administration want-ed defended in court, but of course, part of that means, as any good lawyer will tell you, that attorney that de-fends you in court must give you ad-vice about that which he or she may have to defend in court. 
Either we had a Solicitor General go 
before the Senate and lie that there had never been any discussions about the Affordable Care Act, about ObamaCare, in the presence of the So-licitor General, or the Solicitor Gen-eral was completely incompetent. 
Everybody that voted for that Solic-
itor General should have their heads examined because either a lie or in-competence should have been enough to keep a former Solicitor General from going on to the Supreme Court of the land. It didn’t happen. That person went on the Court. 
It also is reprehensible for judges, 
Justices, on the Supreme Court to flaunt the law, disobey perhaps one of the most critical laws assigned to the court, in order to participate in an opinion in which they want to change the law. 
Apparently, since the Supreme Court 
didn’t come down with a decision re-garding same-sex marriage today, that should be coming out next week. So far, there has been no notice that the two Justices that perform same-sex weddings would be disqualifying them-selves as 28 U.S.C. section 455 says. 
With your indulgence, Mr. Speaker, I 
have a chart. 
28 U.S.C. section 455 says very clearly 
in A part—there is an A part that would disqualify judges, or Justices, and then there is a B part that may as well, but A is a certainty. 
‘‘Any justice, judge, or magistrate 
judge of the United States shall dis-qualify himself’’—that can be male or female—‘‘in any proceeding in which his impartiality might reasonably be questioned.’’ 
That is the law. When we have two 
Supreme Court Justices that, so far, have given no indications of anything but that they are going to inten-tionally knowingly violate that law and participate in a majority opinion, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.150 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4764 June 25, 2015 
then we have to wonder how much 
longer this little experiment in a democratic republic will last. I would submit not much longer. 
The laws of Moses, the Bible, helped 
found this country. When all seemed lost and nothing appeared to be agree-able to a majority in the constitutional convention, they took a recess to go worship God at the Reformed Calvinist church in Philadelphia. 
We still have part of what the 
preacher prayed, what he spoke. He seemed to make a real difference be-cause they came back. As Alexander Hamilton noted—someone not noted for being spiritual—he noted that, clearly, the finger of God was involved in bringing together people that could not agree in such an incredible docu-ment. 
We turn our back once again today, 
as a majority of the Supreme Court did, on the clear meaning, clear state-ment of the law. So far, I hope and pray they will have a change of heart and not disobey the law in order to try to change law overriding State con-stitutions, as it may. 
I hope and pray they will have a 
change of heart and they will dis-qualify themselves, anyone on the Su-preme Court, who clearly, not just might reasonably be questioned, but they clearly were biased and partial when it comes to same-sex marriage. Hopefully, they will disqualify them-selves, and we will get an opinion by a more objective Court; but if they don’t, we are looking at a constitutional cri-sis of incredible proportions. 
Does a country have to follow a law 
created out of whole cloth by a major-ity of unelected judges who violate the law itself in order to create new law? I think the answer is: No, you don’t have to follow that kind of law. 
There is no question that the perse-
cution of Christians who practice their religion, as set out in the Bible, will be forced to subject themselves to perse-cution, as this administration already has shown. 
It doesn’t matter if you are a nun and 
you have devoted your entire life to helping the poor and the downtrodden, your little sister of the poor; it doesn’t matter to this administration. 
They are going to drag you through 
the muck, through the devastation of having to go to court, all because you happen to believe what the Founders believed, the huge majority since, heck, over a third of the signers of the Declaration of Independence were actu-ally ordained Christian ministers, and then the great work by churches to force the Constitution to mean what it said so that slavery was eliminated, the great work of an ordained Chris-tian minister named Martin Luther King, Jr., in pushing the issue of civil rights for one and all, so that one day, hopefully, we can have people judged not by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character. 
The things Martin Luther King, Jr., 
believed in, that he was ordained and preached, the things those abolitionist 
churches believed with all their hearts, if the Supreme Court does what the in-dications are they will likely do, they would be persecuted for their beliefs, our very Founders would be persecuted for their beliefs. This isn’t about slav-ery. We did away with that. It is trag-ic. 
No one, no matter what their sexual 
preference is, should be discriminated against; but when it comes to mar-riage, it is the building block, the foundational building block established by nature itself, by nature’s God, by the law of Moses, the Moses imprint that exists above my head here in this Chamber, that exists on the southern wall of the chamber of the Supreme Court, and is the law as Jesus laid it out regarding marriage when he quoted Moses. 
We are coming into some difficult 
days, and I am afraid this decision today that mocks the law, both case law and the written law, we are coming into some difficult days. 
Mr. Speaker, how much time do I 
have remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas has 6 minutes re-maining. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ), my friend. 
b1745 
Mr. ROTHFUS. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I heard the discussion 
going on about today’s Supreme Court decision, and I, too, am very troubled by what I read today. To me, there are a couple of big issues at play here. 
One is accountability and how this 
Congress 5 years ago rammed through legislation without reading it. We all remember the famous line: ‘‘Pass it to find out what is in it.’’ The American people continue to find out what is in it. I heard the President talking today about this law’s being woven into the fabric of the country. What is being woven into the fabric of the country are higher premiums, higher deductibles, less choice, more Wash-ington, more bureaucrats, more forcing people to violate their consciences. That is not the way we need to be going. 
Now we see how the Supreme Court 
for the second time has allowed, really, a lack of accountability. When we saw in the NFIB case how they said, ‘‘Oh, it is not a penalty; it is a tax,’’ there were people in this Chamber who argued for the Affordable Care Act in saying there are no taxes here. Then the Supreme Court absolved them of that responsi-bility by saying, ‘‘Oh, it is a tax. We will keep it in place.’’ Here today is clear language that subsidies would go to only those exchanges that were es-tablished by the State. 
There is a serious problem here, and 
it is not just with Congress’ not being held accountable for the laws it passes; there is a separation of powers issue here as we see another branch of the 
government invade the lawmaking re-sponsibility that this Congress has. Again, I want to talk about Justice Scalia’s dissent here. 
‘‘The Court’s decision reflects the 
philosophy that judges should endure whatever interpretive distortions it takes in order to correct a supposed flaw in the statutory machinery. That philosophy ignores the American peo-ple’s decision to give Congress ‘all leg-islative powers’ enumerated in the Constitution.’’ 
That is what the Constitution says. ‘‘They made Congress, not this Court, 
responsible for both making laws and mending them. This Court holds only the judicial power—the power to pro-nounce the law as Congress has enacted it. We lack the prerogative to repair laws that do not work out in practice, just as the people lack the ability to throw us out of office’’—that is, the Supreme Court—‘‘if they dislike the so-lutions we concoct.’’ 
This is the Congress’ responsibility 
to amend the laws, not the Supreme Court’s. The dissent continues: 
‘‘Rather than rewriting the law under 
the pretense of interpreting it, the Court should have left it to Congress to decide what to do about the Act’s limi-tation of tax credits to State ex-changes . . . The Court’s insistence on making a choice that should be made by Congress both aggrandizes judicial power and encourages congressional lassitude.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, it is the Congress’ job 
to make law. It is the Court’s job to in-
terpret the law, not to rewrite the law as it did in the NFIB case and not to rewrite the law as it did today. 
I thank the gentleman for raising 
these very serious issues as to what happened with the Court today. 
Mr. GOHMERT. I appreciate the gen-
tleman’s observations. 
Frankly, Mr. Speaker, I knew when I 
stood with Mr. R
OTHFUS in the Senate 
Chamber in recent years past, in sup-port of a filibuster, that I would enjoy standing with him on other occasions, and I appreciate so much his observa-tions. 
Mr. Speaker, I just want to finish 
with this observation from John Adams, 1776 July. He is writing to Abi-gail. In the last paragraph, he writes: 
‘‘You will think me transported with 
enthusiasm’’—in talking about the Declaration of Independence—‘‘but I am not. I am well aware of the toil and blood and treasure that it will cost to maintain this Declaration and support and defend these States. Yet, through all the gloom, I can see the rays of rav-ishing light and glory. I can see that the end is worth more than all the means, that posterity will triumph in that day’s transaction even though we may regret it, which I trust in God we shall not.’’ 
For this to stand as a country, as a 
democratic Republic as created, it takes courage and it takes integrity, and we didn’t get that from the Su-preme Court today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.151 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4765 June 25, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
AN AGREEMENT WITH IRAN MUST 
BAR ITS PATH TO NUCLEAR WEAPONS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. 
Speaker, the deadline is bearing down on us for the President’s nuclear agree-ment with Iran. So, at this moment, Congress must send the administration a strong message: In order to be ac-ceptable, any agreement must bar every Iranian path to nuclear weapons. 
This means the deal must last for 
decades. There has been a lot of report-ing of stopgap deals that would try to restrict Iran in the short term while giving it a blank check after just some 10 years. Such an agreement would be absurd, Mr. Speaker. Given Iran’s long-standing nefarious quest for nuclear weapons and its government’s geno-cidal anti-Semitism, I and the vast ma-jority of my colleagues in Congress would never accept such a bad deal. 
Iran will also have to dismantle its 
current nuclear infrastructure and turn over nearly all of its stockpile of uranium. Iran prefers to merely ‘‘dis-connect’’ its 19,000 centrifuges. That is totally unacceptable —coming from the Iranian Government with its mur-derous threats to annihilate the State of Israel and its obsessive hatred of Jews worldwide. It is estimated that centrifuges could be reconnected in a matter of mere months—and so they must be dismantled, and the core should be removed from the Arak heavy water reactor. 
It also means there can be no lifting 
or a reduction of sanctions until the International Atomic Energy Agency, or IAEA, certifies that Iran has com-plied with its commitments under the agreement; and IAEA inspectors must be granted access to any and all sus-pected sites. This access must be unimpeded, Mr. Speaker, meaning that the IAEA must be able to conduct in-spections at military sites as well. The rule must be full access—anytime, any-where. 
Iran must also fully account for its 
past efforts to develop nuclear weap-ons. Unless it does so, there is no way to establish a baseline from which to measure its current capacities and po-tential future violations and respon-sibly gauge a ‘‘breakout time.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, these are minimum cri-
teria. In order to get congressional ap-proval, any deal the President presents to Congress will have to have met them. The Nuclear Agreement Review Act gives Congress the authority to re-view any agreement with Iran and to pass a joint resolution barring any statutory sanctions relief. The admin-istration and the Iranian Government need to know that the vast majority of my colleagues will be as firm as I am in 
insisting on them. I am certainly pre-pared to vote against any agreement that does not meet these criteria. 
Mr. Speaker, the Obama administra-
tion has shown itself far too weak in dealing with Iran. For example, last week, Secretary Kerry said that the United States is ‘‘not fixated’’ on Iran’s explaining its past behavior—a 
significant backtracking on his earlier insistence on this crucial point. 
In fact, throughout June, we have 
been reading disturbing reports of ad-ministration weakness in the negotia-tions on a whole range of issues—from demanding access to potential nuclear sites to signaling a willingness to re-peal non-nuclear-related sanctions. Just yesterday, five of the President’s top former Iran advisers wrote an open letter, warning that the agreement ‘‘may fall short of meeting the admin-istration’s own standard of a ‘good’ agreement.’’ The letter outlined con-cerns about concessions at the same time that Ayatollah Ali Khamenei ap-peared to back away from other pre-liminary understandings. 
There are many other signs of the ad-
ministration’s weakness, Mr. Speaker, in its dealings with Iran. Fundamen-tally, it refuses to speak truths that are obvious to everyone: that the Ira-nian Government has made itself the enemy of the United States and the genocidal enemy of the State of Israel, and that our goal must always be to prevent it from acquiring or manufac-turing nuclear weapons now and long into the future. A nuclear Iran would be a grave threat to our country and an existential threat to Israel, our closest ally. That is intolerable. The adminis-tration seems to no longer recall that Iran is the leading sponsor of Hezbollah and Hamas. 
Mr. Speaker, the case of Pastor 
Saeed Abedini is another sad sign of administration weakness toward Iran. Saeed Abedini is an American citizen. He was in Iran in 2012, visiting family and building an orphanage, when he was taken prisoner. As a matter of fact, he had been given permission by the Iranians to do just that. Twelve years before, he had converted to Christianity and, later, was involved in the home church movement in Iran. Knowing about his conversion and ear-lier engagement in home churches, Ira-nian authorities approved his 2012 trip, approved his orphanage building, and then imprisoned him. He has been in prison ever since then and has suffered immensely from beatings that have caused internal bleeding, death threats, solitary confinement, and more. His wife, Naghmeh, who is also an American and has been a heroic champion for her husband and their two children, has also suffered. I have chaired two hearings when we have heard from Naghmeh, who told the compelling story of her husband, of her love for her husband, of the gross injus-tice that he has been forced to suffer. It is time the administration made this a priority and a very, very important 
matter in the nuclear negotiations. 
The administration is not doing 
enough to secure his release. There is no doubt about it. The administration does little more than raise his case and those of other American prisoners on the sidelines of the nuclear negotia-tions because it sees the prisoners as sideline issues. This is an American citizen, unjustly imprisoned now for over 1,000 days—and tortured—in Iran, and the administration has a few mar-ginal conversations with Iranian offi-cials and considers that good enough. It is deeply disturbing. It ought to be a central priority. 
Mr. Speaker, it is also a very alarm-
ing sign of what we might expect the administration to present us with when we return to session in early July. That is why Congress’ responsibility is to be prepared to maintain a much firmer line on the outcome of these ne-gotiations—when we review the agree-ment—than the administration seems to be taking. 
Mr. Speaker, I would also like to 
bring to the attention of my colleagues a couple of excerpts from today—they were released today—from the State Department’s Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2014, which reads in pertinent part: 
‘‘The most significant human rights 
problems were severe restrictions on civil liberties, including the freedoms of assembly, speech, religion, and press; limitations on the citizens’ abil-ity to change the government peace-fully through free and fair elections; and disregard for the physical integrity of persons whom authorities arbi-trarily and unlawfully detained, tor-tured, or killed. 
‘‘Other reported human rights prob-
lems included: disappearances; cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment or punishment, including judicially sanc-tioned amputation and flogging; politi-cally motivated violence and repres-sion; harsh and life-threatening condi-tions in detention and prison facilities, with instances of deaths in custody; ar-bitrary arrest and lengthy pretrial de-tention, sometimes incommunicado; continued impunity of the security forces; denial of fair public trial, some-times resulting in executions without due process; the lack of an independent judiciary; political prisoners and de-tainees; ineffective implementation of 
civil judicial procedures and remedies; arbitrary interference with privacy, family, home, and correspondence; se-vere restrictions on freedoms of speech, including via the Internet, and press; harassment and arrest of journalists; censorship and media content restric-tions; severe restrictions on academic freedom; severe restrictions on the freedoms of assembly and association.’’ 
b1800 
That is just a few of the catalog of 
horrors being imposed upon Iranians and people like our own American citi-zens being held in custody, like Pastor Saeed Abedini. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.153 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4766 June 25, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
FURTHER MESSAGE FROM THE 
SENATE 
A further message from the Senate 
by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks an-nounced that the Senate has passed without amendment a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 893. An act to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to mint coins in commemora-tion of the centennial of Boys Town, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the 
Senate has passed a bill of the fol-lowing title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 230. An act to provide for the convey-
ance of certain property to the Yukon 
Kuskokwim Health Corporation located in Bethel, Alaska. LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. P AYNE (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today on account of a med-
ical procedure. 
f 
PUBLICATION OF BUDGETARY 
MATERIAL 
REVISIONS TO THE ALLOCATIONS AND AGGRE -
GATES OF THE FISCAL YEAR 2016 BUDGET RES -
OLUTION RELATED TO TRADE LEGISLATION  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET , 
Washington, DC, June 25, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, Office of the Speaker, U.S. Capitol, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
MR. SPEAKER : I hereby submit for printing 
in the Congressional Record revisions to the budget allocations and aggregates of the Fis-cal Year 2016 Concurrent Resolution on the Budget, S. Con. Res. 11, pursuant to section 
4506 of such concurrent resolution. These re-visions are designated for Senate Amend-ment 2065 to H.R. 1295, the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015. Corresponding tables are attached. 
This revision represents an adjustment for 
purposes of budgetary enforcement. These revised allocations and aggregates are to be considered as the aggregates and allocations included in the budget resolution, pursuant to S. Con. Res. 11, as adjusted. Pursuant to section 3403 of such concurrent resolution, this revision to the allocations and aggre-gates shall apply only while Senate Amend-ment 2065 to H.R. 1295 is under consideration or upon its enactment. 
Sincerely, 
T
OMPRICE, M.D., 
Committee on the Budget. 
TABLE 1—REVISION TO ON-BUDGET AGGREGATES—BUDGET AGGREGATES 
[On-budget amounts, in millions of dollars] 
Fiscal Year 
2016 2016–2025 
Current Aggregates: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 3,039,215 1 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 3,091,442 1 
Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 2,676,733 32,237,371 
Adjustment for the Senate amendment to HR 1295, the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 445 1 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 175 1 
Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. ¥766 ¥4,272 
Revised Aggregates: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 3,039,660 1 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 3,091,617 1 
Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 2,675,967 32,233,099 
1Not applicable because annual appropriations acts for fiscal years 2017–2025 will not be considered until future sessions of Co ngress. 
TABLE 2—REVISION TO COMMITTEE ALLOCATIONS—AUTHORIZING COMMITTEE 302(a) ALLOCATIONS 
[On-budget amounts, in millions of dollars] 
House Committee on Ways and Means 2016 2016–2025 Total 
Budget 
Authority Outlays Budget 
Authority Outlays 
Current Allocation ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... . 962,805 962,080 13,224,077 13,222,960 
Adjustment for the Senate amendment to HR 1295, the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015 .................................... ......................................................................... 445 175 ¥5,382 ¥5,382 
Revised Allocation ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... . 963,250 962,255 13,218,695 13,217,578 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 533. An act to revoke the charter of 
incorporation of the Miami Tribe of Okla-homa at the request of that tribe, and for 
other purposes. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. 
Speaker, pursuant to Senate Concur-rent Resolution 19, 114th Congress, I move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 6 o’clock and 1 minute p.m.), pursuant to Senate Concurrent Resolu-tion 19, 114th Congress, the House ad-journed until Tuesday, July 7, 2015, at 2 p.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 1942. A letter from the Deputy Director, 
ODRM, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — National Vaccine Injury Com-pensation Program: Addition of Intussusception as Injury for Rotavirus Vac-cines to the Vaccine Injury Table (RIN: 0906- AB00) received June 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
1943. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; West Virginia; Permits for Construction and Major Modification of Major Stationary Sources for the Prevention of Significant De-terioration [EPA-R03-OAR-2015-0028; FRL- 9929-34-Region 3] received June 19, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
1944. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; North Dakota; Alternative Moni-toring Plan for Milton R. Young Station [EPA-R08-OAR-2015-0026; FRL-9928-81-Region 8] received June 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1945. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Penn-sylvania; Revision to Allegheny County Reg-ulations for Establishing Permit Fees [EPA- R03-OAR-2014-0886; FRL-9929-40-Region 3] re-ceived June 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1946. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Connecticut; Ambient Air Quality Standards [EPA-R01-OAR-2014-088 1; A-1- FRL-9925-88-Region 1] received June 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
1947. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of New Mexico; Infrastructure Requirements for the 2008 Ozone and 2010 Nitrogen Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standards and Interstate Transport of Fine Particulate Matter Air Pollution Affecting Visibility [EPA-R06-OAR-2014-0270; FRL-9929-38-Region 6] received June 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.155 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4767 June 25, 2015 
801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. 
1948. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Penn-sylvania; Adoption of Control Technique Guidelines for Offset Lithographic Printing and Letterpress Printing; Flexible Package Printing; and Adhesives, Sealants, Primers, and Solvents [EPA-R03-OAR-2015-0166; FRL- 9929-39-Region 3] received June 19, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
1949. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — National Emissions Stand-ards for Hazardous Air Pollutants: Ferroalloys Production [EPA-HQ-OAR-2010- 0895; FRL-9928-66-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AQ11) re-ceived June 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1950. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Thiram; Pesticide Toler-ance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0249; FRL-9928-82] received June 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1951. A letter from the Director, Bureau of 
Economic Analysis, Department of Com-merce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — International Services Surveys: BE- I80, Benchmark Survey of Financial Services Transactions Between U.S. Financial Serv-ices Providers and Foreign Persons [Docket No.: 150108021-5409-01] (RIN: 0691-AA84) re-ceived June 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
1952. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Greater Atlantic Regional Fisheries Office, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — Taking of Marine Mammals Incidental to Commercial Fishing Operations; Atlantic Large Whale Take Re-duction Plan Regulations [Docket No.: 150122067-5453-02] (RIN: 0648-BE83) received June 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
1953. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Lockheed Martin Corporation/Lock-heed Martin Aeronautics Company Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0227; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-211-AD; Amendment 39- 18165; AD 2015-11-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1954. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0754; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-136-AD; Amendment 39-18156; AD 2015-10-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
1955. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Removal of Pilot Pairing Requirement [Docket No.: FAA-2015-2129; 
Amdt. Nos.: 61-134 and 121-372] (RIN: 2120- AK68) received June 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1956. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2014-0575; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-086-AD; Amendment 39-18181; AD 2015-12-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
1957. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Agusta S.p.A. (Agusta) Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2015-2119; Directorate Identifier 2015-SW-005-AD; Amendment 39- 18179; AD 2015-05-51] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1958. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Tucumcari, NM [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0902; Airspace Docket No.: 14-ASW-8] re-ceived June 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1959. A letter from the Regulatory Ombuds-
man, FMCSA, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Lease and Interchange of Vehicles; Motor Carriers of Passengers [Docket No.: FMCSA-2012-0103] (RIN: 2126-AB44) received June 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1960. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation (Type Certificate Previously held by Schweizer Aircraft Corporation) Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2014-1020; Directorate Identifier 2013-SW-078-AD; Amendment 39-18172; AD 2015-11-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
1961. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation (Sikor-sky) Model Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0493; Directorate Identifier 2013-SW-019- AD; Amendment 39-18173; AD 2015-11-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1962. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Helicopters (Previously Eurocopter France) Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0646; Directorate Identifier 2013- SW-053-AD; Amendment 39-18174; AD 2015-12- 01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
1963. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Exclusion of Tethered Launches From Licensing Requirements [Docket No.: FAA-2012-0045; Amdt. Nos.: 400- 5 and 401-8] (RIN: 2120-AJ90) received June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
1964. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s direct final rule — Electronic Appli-cations for Licenses, Permits, and Safety Ap-provals [Docket No.: FAA-2015-1745; Amdt. Nos.: 413-11 and 414-3] (RIN: 2120-AK58) re-ceived June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1965. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31019; Amdt. No.: 3645] received June 24, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
1966. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31020; Amdt. No.: 3646] received June 24, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
1967. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31017; Amdt. No.: 3643] received June 24, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
1968. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31018; Amdt. No.: 3644] received June 24, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
1969. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31015; Amdt. No.: 3641] received June 24, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
1970. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31016; Amdt. No.: 3642] received June 24, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
1971. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — IFR Altitudes; Miscella-neous Amendments [Docket No.: 31021; Amdt. No.: 520] received June 24, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1972. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of VOR Fed-eral Airways; Northeastern United States [Docket No.: FAA-2015-1650; Airspace Docket 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L25JN7.000 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4768 June 25, 2015 
No.: 14-AEA-8] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received 
June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1973. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Revocation of Class E Airspace; Forrest City, AR [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0879; Airspace Docket No.: 14-ASW- 7] received June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1974. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Clark, SD [Docket No.: FAA-2014- 0724; Airspace Docket No.: 14-AGL-12] re-ceived June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1975. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Eufaula, AL [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0970; Airspace Docket No.: 14-ASO-18] re-ceived June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1976. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Modification of Re-stricted Areas R-4501A, R-4501B, R-4501C, R- 4501D, R-4501F, and R-4501H; Fort Leonard Wood, MO [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0640; Air-space Docket No.: 14-ACE-4] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1977. A letter from the Acting Director, 
Regulation Policy and Management, Office of the General Counsel (02REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Delegations of Author-ity: Office of Regulation Policy and Manage-ment (ORPM) (RIN: 2900-AP47) received June 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
1978. A letter from the Acting Director, 
Regulation Policy and Management, Office of the General Counsel (02 REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Depart-ment’s interim final rule — Presumption of Herbicide Exposure and Presumption of Dis-ability During Service for Reservists Pre-sumed Exposed to Herbicide (RIN: 2900-AP43) received June 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
1979. A letter from the Chief, Office of Reg-
ulatory Affairs, Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, Department of Jus-tice, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Importation of Arms, Ammunition and Defense Articles--Removal of Certain Defense Articles Currently on the U.S. Muni-tions Import List That No Longer Warrant Import Control Under the Arms Export Con-trol Act (2011R-25P) [Docket No.: ATF-25F; AG Order No.: 35-31-2015] (RIN: 1140-AA45) re-ceived June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
1980. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Ohio; Ohio PM2.5 NSR [EPA-R05-OAR- 2014-0385; FRL-9928-57-Region 5] received June 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight 
and Government Reform. H.R. 313. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide leave to any new Federal employee who is a veteran with a service-connected disability rated at 30 percent or more for purposes of undergoing medical treatment for such dis-ability, and for other purposes (Rept. 114– 
180). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight 
and Government Reform. H.R. 1069. A bill to amend title 44, United States Code, to re-quire information on contributors to Presi-dential library fundraising organizations, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–181). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight 
and Government Reform. H.R. 1531. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide a pathway for temporary seasonal employees in Federal land management agencies to compete for vacant permanent positions under internal merit promotion procedures, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–182). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-
ciary. H.R. 690. A bill to require each agency, in providing notice of a rule making, to in-clude a link to a 100 word plain language summary of the proposed rule (Rept. 114–183). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-
ciary. H.R. 712. A bill to impose certain limi-tations on consent decrees and settlement agreements by agencies that require the agencies to take regulatory action in accord-ance with the terms thereof, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–184). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. CONAWAY: Committee on Agri-
culture. H.R. 2647. A bill to expedite under the National Environmental Policy Act and improve forest management activities in units of the National Forest System derived from the public domain, on public lands under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, and on tribal lands to return resilience to overgrown, fire-prone forested lands, and for other purposes; with amend-ments (Rept. 114–185, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. H.R. 2647. A bill to expedite under the National Environmental Policy Act and improve forest management activi-ties in units of the National Forest System derived from the public domain, on public lands under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, and on tribal lands to re-turn resilience to overgrown, fire-prone for-ested lands, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 114–185, Pt. 2). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. CHABOT: Committee on Small Busi-
ness. H.R. 208. A bill to require the Adminis-trator of the Small Business Administration to establish a program to make loans to cer-tain businesses, homeowners, and renters af-fected by Superstorm Sandy; with amend-ments (Rept. 114–186). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. CHABOT: Committee on Small Busi-
ness. H.R. 2499. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to increase access to capital for 
veteran entrepreneurs, to help create jobs, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–187). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. CHABOT: Committee on Small Busi-
ness. H.R. 2670. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to provide for expanded partici-pation in the microloan program, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–188). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. CHABOT: Committee on Small Busi-
ness. H.R. 1023. A bill to amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to provide for increased limitations on leverage for multiple licenses under common control (Rept. 114–189). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. LIPINSKI: 
H.R. 2886. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Transportation to establish an Automated and Connected Vehicle Research Initiative, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. 
B
LUMENAUER , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. 
ISRAEL , Ms. M ENG, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
PIERLUISI , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R ANGEL , 
Mr. T AKANO , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
POLIS, Ms. T ITUS, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. 
MCNERNEY , Ms. M OORE , Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, Mr. H ONDA , Miss R ICEof New 
York, Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. K ELLY of Il-
linois, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. L ARSON of Con-
necticut, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , and Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM of New Mexico): 
H.R. 2887. A bill to provide employees with 
2 hours of paid leave in order to vote in Fed-eral elections; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
By Mr. BARTON (for himself, Mr. 
L
ANCE , and Mr. C OHEN ): 
H.R. 2888. A bill to establish a program for 
the licensing of Internet poker by States and federally recognized Indian tribes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LEVIN (for himself, Mr. V
AN 
HOLLEN , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , and Mr. E LLISON ): 
H.R. 2889. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for the proper tax treatment of personal service income earned in pass-thru entities; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. HULTGREN (for himself and 
Mr. N
EAL): 
H.R. 2890. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to modify certain rules ap-plicable to qualified small issue manufac-turing bonds; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. MOOLENAAR: 
H.R. 2891. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to inflation adjust the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L25JN7.000 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4769 June 25, 2015 
$5,000 limitation with respect to dependent 
care assistance programs and flexible spend-ing arrangements; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. MOOLENAAR: 
H.R. 2892. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to prescribe safety standards for autocycles and related equipment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
By Mr. M
ACARTHUR: 
H.R. 2893. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to require that decorative ob-jects depicting the official seal of the De-partment of Defense, the military depart-ments, the Armed Forces, and the Defense Agencies be manufactured in the United States; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Ms. ESTY (for herself and Mr. C
OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania): 
H.R. 2894. A bill to expand eligibility for 
the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. POMPEO (for himself and Mr. 
B
EYER ): 
H.R. 2895. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to establish payment parity under the Medicare program for am-bulatory cancer care services furnished in the hospital outpatient department and the physician office setting; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. TIPTON (for himself and Mr. 
B
ARR): 
H.R. 2896. A bill to require the Federal fi-
nancial institutions regulatory agencies to take risk profiles and business models of in-stitutions into account when taking regu-latory actions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for him-
self, Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Mr. 
RANGEL , Ms. C LARKE of New York, 
Ms. N ORTON , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
Mr. F ATTAH , and Mr. R USH): 
H.R. 2897. A bill to require the submission 
of a report to the Congress on parasitic dis-ease among poor Americans; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. VALADAO (for himself, Mr. 
M
CCARTHY , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. N UNES , 
Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. D IAZ- 
BALART , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. S IMPSON , 
Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. C OOK, Mr. R ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois, Mrs. M IMIWALTERS  
of California, Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. 
HUNTER , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. I SSA, Mr. 
ZINKE, Mr. C OSTA , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. 
HARDY , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. N EWHOUSE , 
and Mrs. L UMMIS ): 
H.R. 2898. A bill to provide drought relief 
in the State of California, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. M
CCAUL: 
H.R. 2899. A bill to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Office for Countering Violent Extremism; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
By Mr. REICHERT (for himself and Mr. 
S
MITH of Washington): 
H.R. 2900. A bill to establish the Mountains 
to Sound Greenway National Heritage Area in the State of Washington, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. ROSS (for himself and Mr. M
UR-
PHYof Florida): 
H.R. 2901. A bill to amend the Flood Dis-
aster Protection Act of 1973 to require that certain buildings and personal property be covered by flood insurance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia (for herself, Mr. G
IBSON , Ms. 
ADAMS , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, 
Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. 
COFFMAN , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. 
DEUTCH , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. K ING of New York, Mr. M AC-
ARTHUR , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. 
ROS-LEHTINEN , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, 
Mr. T AKANO , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. Y OUNG  
of Alaska, and Mr. L OBIONDO ): 
H.R. 2902. A bill to amend the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ad-dress and take action to prevent bullying and harassment of students; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself, Mr. 
K
IND, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. T IBERI , 
Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. N EAL, Mr. W OMACK , 
and Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas): 
H.R. 2903. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to reform taxation of alco-holic beverages; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas (for herself, 
Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. S TIVERS , and 
Mr. C RAWFORD ): 
H.R. 2904. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to clarify the use of a towaway trailer transportation combination, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. BABIN (for himself, Mr. 
R
ATCLIFFE , and Mr. B RIDENSTINE ): 
H.R. 2905. A bill to amend title I of the Pa-
tient Protection and Affordable Care Act to provide that only health plans made avail-able by the Federal Government to Supreme Court Justices and staff are Exchange health plans; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. O’ROURKE: 
H.R. 2906. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the 50th anniversary of the Texas Western College National Collegiate Athletic Asso-ciation men’s basketball championship; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself and 
Mr. E
LLISON ): 
H.R. 2907. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to reinstate estate and gen-eration-skipping taxes, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. CLAY (for himself, Mr. F
ORTEN -
BERRY , Mr. S ERRANO , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. H ANNA , Ms. C LARKE of 
New York, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Mr. 
CLEAVER ): 
H.R. 2908. A bill to adopt the bison as the 
national mammal of the United States; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
By Ms. SINEMA (for herself, Mr. H
UN-
TER, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. S ALMON , and Ms. 
MCSALLY ): 
H.R. 2909. A bill to establish an inter-
agency working group to study the use of un-manned aircraft systems for wildland fire-
fighting, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, and in addition to the Committees on Agriculture, and Natural Resources, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. 
A
MODEI , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Ms. 
MCSALLY , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. P ETER -
SON, Mr. S ALMON , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , 
Mr. Z INKE, and Mr. G ROTHMAN ): 
H.R. 2910. A bill to ensure the United 
States Fish and Wildlife Service’s Mexican wolf nonessential experimental population 10(j) rule has no force or effect, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. BOUSTANY (for himself and 
Mr. T
HOMPSON of California): 
H.R. 2911. A bill to provide an exception 
from certain group health plan requirements to allow small businesses to use pre-tax dol-lars to assist employees in the purchase of policies in the individual health insurance market, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Com-merce, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BRADY of Texas (for himself, 
Mr. J
ONES , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. B LUM, 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. 
LABRADOR , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. 
MULVANEY , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. J OYCE , 
Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. D UNCAN of South 
Carolina, Mr. F LORES , Ms. J ENKINS of 
Kansas, Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mrs. L UM-
MIS, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. 
RENACCI , and Mr. W EBER of Texas): 
H.R. 2912. A bill to establish a commission 
to examine the United States monetary pol-icy, evaluate alternative monetary regimes, and recommend a course for monetary policy going forward; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. 
By Mr. BRADY of Texas (for himself, 
Mr. J
ONES , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. B LUM, 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. 
LABRADOR , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. 
MULVANEY , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. C OLE, 
Mr. W OODALL , Mr. D UNCAN of South 
Carolina, Mr. F LORES , Ms. J ENKINS of 
Kansas, Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mrs. L UM-
MIS, Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. 
GOHMERT ): 
H.R. 2913. A bill to amend the Federal Re-
serve Act to improve the functioning and transparency of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal Open Market Committee, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. 
By Ms. BROWNLEY of California (for 
herself, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. T HOMPSON  
of California, Ms. P INGREE , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , and Mr. Z INKE): 
H.R. 2914. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to require congressional ap-proval before the appropriation of funds for Department of Veterans Affairs major med-ical facility leases; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Ms. BROWNLEY of California: 
H.R. 2915. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to identify mental health care and suicide prevention programs and metrics 
that are effective in treating women vet-erans as part of the evaluation of such pro-grams by the Secretary; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L25JN7.100 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4770 June 25, 2015 
By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Mr. 
GRIJALVA , and Mr. B LUMENAUER ): 
H.R. 2916. A bill to amend chapter 44 of 
title 18, United States Code, to restrict the ability of a person whose Federal license to import, manufacture, or deal in firearms has been revoked, whose application to renew such a license has been denied, or who has received a license revocation or renewal de-nial notice, to transfer business inventory firearms, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Mr. 
M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. H IMES, Ms. M OORE , Mr. M EEKS , 
Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. K EATING , Mr. 
ELLISON , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. C LARK of 
Massachusetts, Mr. F ARR, Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. I SRAEL , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. D EGETTE , 
Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. 
POCAN , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. 
PINGREE , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. F UDGE , 
Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mrs. C APPS , 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. P AS-
CRELL , Mr. S WALWELL of California, 
Ms. M ENG, Ms. E STY, Ms. M CCOLLUM , 
and Mr. B LUMENAUER ): 
H.R. 2917. A bill to incentivize State re-
porting systems that allow mental health professionals to submit information on cer-tain individuals deemed dangerous for pur-
poses of prohibiting firearm possession by such individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for him-
self and Mr. M
URPHY of Florida): 
H.R. 2918. A bill to ensure fairness in pre-
mium rates for coverage under the National Flood Insurance Program for residences and business properties, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Ms. D
EGETTE (for herself, Mr. 
COFFMAN , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Mr. P OLIS, and Mr. T IPTON ): 
H.R. 2919. A bill to authorize 2 additional 
district judgeships for the district of Colo-rado; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. FITZPATRICK (for himself, Mr. 
B
LUMENAUER , Mr. B UCHANAN , Ms. 
DELAURO , Mr. L ARSON of Con-
necticut, and Mr. K INGof New York): 
H.R. 2920. A bill to amend the Lacey Act 
Amendments of 1981 to prohibit importation, exportation, transportation, sale, receipt, ac-quisition, and purchase in interstate or for-eign commerce, or in a manner substantially affecting interstate or foreign commerce, of any live animal of any prohibited wildlife species; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. FORBES (for himself and Mr. 
L
IPINSKI ): 
H.R. 2921. A bill to intensify stem cell re-
search showing evidence of substantial clin-ical benefit to patients, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona (for him-
self, Mr. R
OYCE , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. 
SCHIFF , Mr. R USH, Mr. B EYER , Mr. 
SALMON , Mr. L EWIS, Ms. D ELBENE, 
Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. 
KLINE, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. 
NOLAN , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. C ARSON of In-
diana, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
COHEN , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. 
CONYERS , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. P OMPEO , 
Mr. P OCAN , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, 
Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mrs. 
HARTZLER , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SONof Texas, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. L AM-
BORN , Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia, Mr. D UFFY , Mr. P ITTENGER , 
Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. 
MESSER , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. M EADOWS , 
Mr. V EASEY , Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mr. 
FITZPATRICK ): 
H.R. 2922. A bill to amend the section 221 of 
the Immigration and Nationality Act to pro-vide relief for adoptive families from immi-grant visa fees in certain situations; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas (for 
himself, Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. S COTT of Vir-
ginia, Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. O LSON , and 
Ms. B ONAMICI ): 
H.R. 2923. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Energy to award grants to expand programs in maritime and energy workforce technical training, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA: 
H.R. 2924. A bill to withdraw certain Fed-
eral lands and interests located in Pima and Santa Cruz counties, Arizona, from the min-ing and mineral leasing laws of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA: 
H.R. 2925. A bill to establish the Santa 
Cruz Valley National Heritage Area, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA: 
H.R. 2926. A bill to designate certain public 
lands in the Sonoran Desert of the State of Arizona as national conservation areas and wilderness areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. HECK of Nevada (for himself, 
Mr. R
UIZ, and Mr. V ALADAO ): 
H.R. 2927. A bill to authorize Hispanic-serv-
ing institutions receiving grants under part A of title V of the Higher Education Act of 1965 to use such grant amounts to assist stu-dents in entering medical schools, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
By Mr. HILL (for himself, Mr. W
OMACK , 
Mr. C RAWFORD , and Mr. W ESTERMAN ): 
H.R. 2928. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 201 B Street in Perryville, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Harold George Bennett Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. HURT of Virginia (for himself, 
Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. 
MULLIN , and Mr. G OODLATTE ): 
H.R. 2929. A bill to amend the Federal 
Power Act to require the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to minimize in-fringement on the exercise and enjoyment of property rights in issuing hydropower li-censes, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. ISRAEL (for himself, Ms. 
D
ELAURO , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. L ARSON of 
Connecticut, Mr. H IMES, Ms. E STY, 
Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. M ENG, 
Mr. N ADLER , Mr. K INGof New York, 
Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. T ONKO , 
Mr. M EEKS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, 
Mr. S ERRANO , and Mr. C ROWLEY ): 
H.R. 2930. A bill to amend and reauthorize 
certain provisions relating to Long Island Sound restoration and stewardship; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. KILMER (for himself, Mr. 
R
ENACCI , Mr. C ARNEY , and Mr. 
BARLETTA ): 
H.R. 2931. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-
tion Campaign Act of 1971 to reduce the number of members of the Federal Election Commission from 6 to 5, to revise the method of selection and terms of service of members of the Commission, to distribute the powers of the Commission between the Chair and the remaining members, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on House Adminis-tration. 
By Mr. KIND (for himself, Mr. C
ON-
YERS , Mr. R ANGEL , Mrs. D AVIS of 
California, Mr. M URPHY of Florida, 
and Mr. V EASEY ): 
H.R. 2932. A bill to provide for the Sec-
retary of Health and Human Services to es-tablish grant programs to improve the health and positive youth development im-pacts of youth sports participation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LARSEN of Washington: 
H.R. 2933. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to establish a local rail facili-ties and safety program to award grants for freight capacity projects, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. TED LIEU of California (for 
himself, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, 
Mr. T AKANO , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, 
Mr. M EEKS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. H ONDA , 
Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. 
SERRANO , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. C ONYERS , 
Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. 
MENG, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, 
Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, 
and Mr. N OLAN ): 
H.R. 2934. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to extend the authority of the Advisory Committee on Homeless Veterans for five years; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 2935. A bill to provide for a five-year 
extension of the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide for the con-duct of medical disability examinations by contract physicians; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Ms. MENG: 
H.R. 2936. A bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to treat infant formula as adulterated if its use-by-date has passed; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. NUNES (for himself, Mr. 
T
HORNBERRY , Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , 
Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , 
Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. A LLEN , 
Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. C OLE, Mr. C REN-
SHAW , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. H ARDY , Mr. 
HOLDING , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Ms. 
JENKINS of Kansas, Mr. K INGof New 
York, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. M ARINO , 
Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. M ILLER  
of Florida, Mr. M OONEY of West Vir-
ginia, Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. T OMPRICE of Geor-
gia, Mr. R IGELL , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. 
SIRES, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. 
UPTON , Mr. V ALADAO , Mrs. M IMIWAL-
TERS of California, and Mr. W ILSON of 
South Carolina): 
H.R. 2937. A bill to strengthen support for 
the Cuban people and prohibit financial 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L25JN7.100 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4771 June 25, 2015 
transactions with the Cuban military, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, 
in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. PERLMUTTER (for himself, 
Mr. R
OSS, Ms. M OORE , Mr. S IRES, Mr. 
ASHFORD , and Mr. N OLAN ): 
H.R. 2938. A bill to amend the Housing and 
Community Development Act of 1974 to au-thorize the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to carry out a loan repayment program for certain architects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. RANGEL (for himself, Ms. 
M
OORE , and Ms. N ORTON ): 
H.R. 2939. A bill to repeal certain appro-
priations riders that limit the ability of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives to administer the Federal fire-arms laws; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. REICHERT (for himself, Mr. 
M
CDERMOTT , Mr. D OLD, Mr. P AS-
CRELL , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, 
and Mr. V ALADAO ): 
H.R. 2940. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to improve and make per-manent the above-the-line deduction for cer-tain expenses of elementary and secondary school teachers; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: 
H.R. 2941. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to prohibit the receipt of bo-nuses by Department of Veterans Affairs em-ployees who violate Federal civil laws or reg-ulations, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. SALMON (for himself, Mr. 
F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. S CHWEIKERT , 
Mr. G OSAR , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. 
BARLETTA , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. B RAT, 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. D UNCAN of 
South Carolina, and Mr. W ALKER ): 
H.R. 2942. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to detain any alien who is unlawfully present in the United States and is arrested for certain criminal offenses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 2943. A bill to prohibit the Depart-
ment of Agriculture from obligating or ex-pending any funds for grants awarded for re-search on the prevention of rose rosette dis-ease, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for him-
self, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. L AB-
RADOR , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. C OL-
LINS of Georgia, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, Mrs. L OVE, Ms. J UDYCHUof 
California, Mr. B ARTON , Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. Y OHO, Ms. B ASS, Mr. 
YOUNG of Alaska, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. 
RIGELL , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. M CCLIN-
TOCK , and Mr. C A´RDENAS ): 
H.R. 2944. A bill to improve public safety, 
accountability, transparency, and respect for federalism in Federal criminal law by apply-ing the findings of the bipartisan Over-Crim-inalization Task Force and evidence-based reforms already made by some States, and reinvesting the resulting savings from doing so in additional evidence-based criminal jus-tice strategies that are proven to reduce re-cidivism and crime, and the burden of the criminal justice system on the taxpayer; to 
the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. WELCH: 
H.R. 2945. A bill to require the admin-
istering authority to determine an indi-vidual countervailable subsidy rate upon re-quest if four or fewer exporters and pro-ducers are involved in the investigation or review, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. WILLIAMS: 
H.R. 2946. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to reduce the corporate in-come tax rate to 20 percent; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan (for him-
self and Mr. T
ROTT ): 
H. Con. Res. 58. Concurrent resolution sup-
porting the designation of the week of Sep-tember 11 to September 17 as ‘‘Patriot Week’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Ms. 
E
STY, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. N ORTON , 
and Mr. M EEKS ): 
H. Con. Res. 59. Concurrent resolution ex-
pressing support for designation of June 21 as National ASK (Asking Saves Kids) Day to promote children’s health and gun safety; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
By Mr. BOUSTANY: 
H. Res. 340. A resolution returning to the 
Senate H.R. 1735, a bill to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2016 for military ac-tivities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activi-ties of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi: 
H. Res. 341. A resolution raising a question 
of the privileges of the House; to the Com-mittee on House Administration. 
By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself, Mr. 
L
EWIS, Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. R USH, Ms. 
KAPTUR , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C OHEN , 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. S EWELL  
of Alabama, and Mr. V EASEY ): 
H. Res. 342. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing the enhancement of unity in America; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN (for herself, 
Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. R OHRABACHER , 
Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. D IAZ-BALART , 
Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. 
FARR, and Mr. V ALADAO ): 
H. Res. 343. A resolution expressing con-
cern regarding persistent and credible re-ports of systematic, state-sanctioned organ harvesting from non-consenting prisoners of conscience in the People’s Republic of China, including from large numbers of Falun Gong practitioners and members of other religious and ethnic minority groups; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CLYBURN (for himself, Mr. 
C
LEAVER , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Ms. 
ADAMS , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. C ARSON of 
Indiana, Ms. C LARKE of New York, 
Mr. C LAY, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. 
CONYERS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi-
nois, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. 
FUDGE , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. 
HASTINGS , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. J OHN-
SONof Georgia, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. 
LEE, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. L EWIS, 
Ms. M OORE , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P AYNE , 
Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of 
Georgia, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-
sissippi, Mr. V EASEY , Ms. M AXINE  
WATERS of California, Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Ms. B ASS, Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida, and Mr. S COTT of Virginia): 
H. Res. 344. A resolution urging the discon-
tinued use of the Confederate battle flag, which represents pain, humiliation, torture, and racial oppression, in remembrance of the Emanuel 9; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Ms. N
OR-
TON, Mr. J ONES , Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. 
DESAULNIER ): 
H. Res. 345. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of the month of June 2015 as ‘‘National Post-Traumatic Stress Awareness Month’’ and June 27, 2015, as ‘‘National Post- Traumatic Stress Awareness Day’’; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. YOHO (for himself, Ms. R
OS- 
LEHTINEN , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. W ILSON  
of South Carolina, Mr. C OOK, Mr. 
RIBBLE , Mr. I SSA, and Mr. C LAWSON of 
Florida): 
H. Res. 346. A resolution condemning the 
use of toxic chemicals as weapons in the Syr-ian Arab Republic; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
f 
MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
70. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of 
the House of Representatives of the State of Illinois, relative to House Resolution No. 497, urging the Congress to pass legislation in support of universal child care services for working families and to provide sufficient and sustainable funding for a permanent child care program similar to the federally administered program created and imple-mented under the Lanham Act of 1940; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. LIPINSKI: 
H.R. 2886. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, §8, clause 3, the Commerce Clause 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: 
H.R. 2887. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion relating to the power of Congress to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and ex-cises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States) 
By Mr. BARTON: 
H.R. 2888. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 3 of section 8 of article I of the Con-
stitution 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L25JN7.100 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4772 June 25, 2015 
Mr. LEVIN: 
H.R. 2889. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
United States Constitution 
By Mr. HULTGREN: 
H.R. 2890. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, as this legis-
lation regulates commerce between the states. 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, providing 
Congress with the authority to enact legisla-tion necessary to execute one of its enumer-ated powers, such as Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. 
By Mr. MOOLENAAR: 
H.R. 2891. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. MOOLENAAR: 
H.R. 2892. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Under, Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the 
United States Constitution, which gives Con-gress the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
By Mr. M
ACARTHUR: 
H.R. 2893. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, of the Con-
stitution 
By Ms. ESTY: 
H.R. 2894. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 18 of section 8 of article 1 of the 
Constitution. 
By Mr. POMPEO: 
H.R. 2895. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
By Mr. TIPTON: 
H.R. 2896. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have power . . . To regulate com-merce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia: 
H.R. 2897. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, §8, clause 3, the Commerce 
Clause 
By Mr. VALADAO: 
H.R. 2898. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of section 8 and clause 
7 of section 9 of article I, of the Constitution of the United States. 
By Mr. M
CCAUL: 
H.R. 2899. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer 
thereof. 
By Mr. REICHERT: 
H.R. 2900. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle 1, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion, specifically clause 1 (relating to pro-viding for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Artcile IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respoecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). 
By Mr. ROSS: 
H.R. 2901. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 1; and Article I, 
section 8, clause 3 
By Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia: 
H.R. 2902. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article One, section 8, clause 18: Congress shall have Power—To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof 
By Mr. PAULSEN: 
H.R. 2903. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution. 
By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: 
H.R. 2904. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, Section 8, clause three; to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. 
By Mr. BABIN: 
H.R. 2905. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. O’ROURKE: 
H.R. 2906. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power***To make 
all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into the Execution the foregoing Powers, and all the Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. 
By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: 
H.R. 2907. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII. 
By Mr. CLAY: 
H.R. 2908. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Ms. SINEMA: 
H.R. 2909. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 Article IV, Section 3 
By Mr. GOSAR: 
H.R. 2910. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (the Prop-
erty Clause) which give Congress the power to make all needful rules and regulations re-specting the territory or other property be-longing to the United States. In Kleppe v. New Mexico, 426 U.S.592 (1976), the Congress was found to have sufficient power to regu-late the activity of animals on public lands; and 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 (the Com-
merce Clause) which gives Congres the power to regulate commerce among the states. If the matter in question is not purely a local matter (intra-state) or if it has an impact on interstate commerce, it falls within the Con-gressional power to regulate interstate com-merce. National Federation of Independent Business v. Sebelius, 567 U.S. l(2012). 
By Mr. BOUSTANY: 
H.R. 2911. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3—Business/ 
Labor Regulation—The Congress shall have Power * * * To regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. BRADY of Texas: 
H.R. 2912. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion, which states that ‘‘Congress shall have the power to . . . coin money, regulate the value thereof . . .’’. 
By Mr. BRADY of Texas: 
H.R. 2913. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion, which states that ‘‘Congress shall have the power to . . . coin money, regulate the value thereof . . .’’. 
By Ms. BROWNLEY of California: 
H.R. 2914. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII 
By Ms. BROWNLEY of California: 
H.R. 2915. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8. 
By Mr. CICILLINE: 
H.R. 2916. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 By Mr. CICILLINE: 
H.R. 2917. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: 
H.R. 2918. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1, Section 8, Article 1 
The Congress shall have power to lay and 
collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States 
By Ms. D
EGETTE: 
H.R. 2919. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution, specifically clause 9, which states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . To constitute Tribunals inferior to the su-preme Court.’’ 
Article III, Section 1 states that ‘‘The judi-
cial Power of the United States, shall be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.090 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4773 June 25, 2015 
vested in one supreme Court, and in such in-
ferior Courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain and establish.’’ 
By Mr. FITZPATRICK: 
H.R. 2920. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution gives Congress the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the In-dian tribes.’’ 
By Mr. FORBES: 
H.R. 2921. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 
By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona: 
H.R. 2922. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4: To establish 
a uniform Rule of Naturalization 
By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas: 
H.R. 2923. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
By Mr. GRIJALVA: 
H.R. 2924. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const. art. I, sec. 8, cl. 3 To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-
tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes; 
U.S. Cont. art. IV, sec. 3, cl. 2, sen. a The Congress shall have Power to dispose 
of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory of other Prop-erty belonging to the United States; 
By Mr. GRIJALVA: 
H.R. 2925. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const. art. I, sec. 8, cl. 3 To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-
tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes; 
U.S. Cont. art. IV, sec. 3, cl. 2, sen. a The Congress shall have Power to dispose 
of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory of other Prop-erty belonging to the United States; 
By Mr. GRIJALVA: 
H.R. 2926. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const. art. I, sec. 8, cl. 3 To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-
tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes; 
U.S. Cont. art. IV, sec. 3, cl. 2, sen. a The Congress shall have Power to dispose 
of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory of other Prop-erty belonging to the United States; 
By Mr. HECK of Nevada: 
H.R. 2927. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution. 
By Mr. HILL: 
H.R. 2928. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 7: ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have power . . . to establish post offices and post roads’’ 
By Mr. HURT of Virginia: 
H.R. 2929. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution 
By Mr. ISRAEL: 
H.R. 2930. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the powers 
granted to the Congress by Article 1, Sec. 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution 
By Mr. KILMER: 
H.R. 2931. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 4 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion granting Congress the authority to make laws governing the time, place, and manner of holding Federal elections 
By Mr. KIND: 
H.R. 2932. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mr. LARSEN of Washington: 
H.R. 2933. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
As described in Article 1, Section 1 ‘‘all 
legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ 
By Mr. TED LIEU of California: 
H.R. 2934. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 2935. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
Ms. MENG: 
H.R. 2936. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. NUNES: 
H.R. 2937. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution 
By Mr. PERLMUTTER: 
H.R. 2938. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. RANGEL: 
H.R. 2939. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * to 
regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the In-dian tribes. 
By Mr. REICHERT: 
H.R. 2940. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Amendment XVI to the Constitution of the 
United States: The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without ap-portionment among the several States, and without regard to any census or enumera-tion. 
By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: 
H.R. 2941. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 2942. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4—‘‘To estab-
lish an uniform Rule of Naturalization, and uniform Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States’’ 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 2943. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7—‘‘No money 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: 
H.R. 2944. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution 
By Mr. WELCH: 
H.R. 2945. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-
gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof 
By Mr. WILLIAMS: 
H.R. 2946. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress shall have power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 6: Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. P ERRY , 
Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. T EDLIEUof 
California, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. W IL-
SONof Florida, Mr. K EATING , Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida, Mr. K IND, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. B RADY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. F ARR, Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. 
LARSON of Connecticut, Ms. J UDY CHUof 
California, Mr. H OYER , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  
JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. M AXINE WATERS of 
California, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. R YAN of 
Ohio, Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. K ILMER , 
and Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 136: Mr. B ECERRA , Ms. L EE, and Mr. 
RUIZ. 
H.R. 167: Mr. B ERA. 
H.R. 228: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 282: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 288: Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Miss R ICEof 
New York, and Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 292: Mr. J EFFRIES and Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 358: Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. 
BRADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. L OFGREN , and 
Mr. N EAL. 
H.R. 379: Mr. D OLDand Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 425: Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 448: Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 465: Mr. F ORTENBERRY and Mr. S MITH 
of Texas. 
H.R. 467: Mr. B LUMENAUER and Mr. S MITH 
of Washington. 
H.R. 556: Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, 
Mr. S MITH of Washington, and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 563: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.093 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4774 June 25, 2015 
H.R. 581: Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 592: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. 
FARR, and Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 612: Mr. Y ODER , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof 
Georgia, and Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 616: Mr. R ENACCI . 
H.R. 662: Mr. W ITTMAN and Mr. C OOK. 
H.R. 692: Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. 
THORNBERRY , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. S CALISE , and 
Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. 
H.R. 699: Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Michigan, and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 711: Mr. R ENACCI . 
H.R. 721: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. T ROTT , 
Mr. G IBBS, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, and Mr. 
JOHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 727: Mr. S IRES. 
H.R. 765: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas and Mr. 
TIBERI . 
H.R. 767: Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia and Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois. 
H.R. 829: Mr. M CNERNEY and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 842: Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 845: Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 855: Mr. D UFFY . 
H.R. 868: Mr. P ERRY . 
H.R. 918: Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H.R. 921: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. 
FINCHER , and Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 963: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 973: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. 
H.R. 985: Mr. B ERA. 
H.R. 986: Mr. C ULBERSON and Mr. S MITH of 
Nebraska. 
H.R. 1002: Mr. B OST, Mr. N UGENT , Mr. 
COURTNEY , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. H UDSON , and Mr. 
TEDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 1057: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 1062: Mr. H UNTER and Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 1086: Mr. L UETKEMEYER . 
H.R. 1101: Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. L OEBSACK , and 
Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 1120: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa and Mr. 
MARCHANT . 
H.R. 1142: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 1148: Mr. M CCLINTOCK . 
H.R. 1151: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. 
H.R. 1174: Mr. P ASCRELL and Mr. F INCHER . 
H.R. 1178: Mr. P OMPEO . 
H.R. 1197: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 1209: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 1221: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. 
H.R. 1270: Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 1283: Ms. H AHN. 
H.R. 1301: Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. 
HUNTER , Mr. N EWHOUSE , and Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida. 
H.R. 1305: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1308: Mr. C APUANO . 
H.R. 1309: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 1321: Mr. L ARSEN of Washington and 
Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 1344: Mr. B ILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 1384: Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H.R. 1393: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 1422: Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 1427: Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. T HOMPSON  
of California, Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, and 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 1434: Mr. R USH. 
H.R. 1453: Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 1462: Mr. B ILIRAKIS and Mr. Y OUNG of 
Indiana. 
H.R. 1475: Mr. L UETKEMEYER and Mr. J OHN-
SONof Ohio. 
H.R. 1476: Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 1479: Mr. R OGERS of Alabama and Mr. 
BROOKS of Alabama. 
H.R. 1516: Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 1528: Mr. L UETKEMEYER . 
H.R. 1559: Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 1571: Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. L ANGEVIN , and Mr. 
FITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 1572: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 1599: Mrs. H ARTZLER , Ms. M ICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Mr. N OR-
CROSS . H.R. 1608: Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. C RENSHAW . 
H.R. 1610: Mr. G OWDY , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. 
MULLIN , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. A LLEN , 
Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. 
JODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. H OLDING , Mr. 
KNIGHT , Mr. W ENSTRUP , and Mr. 
LAUDERMILK . 
H.R. 1624: Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. 
MARCHANT , Mr. L IPINSKI , and M ISSRICEof 
New York. 
H.R. 1635: Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 1655: Mr. J OYCE and Mr. M OULTON . 
H.R. 1671: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, 
Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. W EBER of Texas, and 
Mr. M CCAUL. 
H.R. 1684: Mr. B ILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 1703: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. 
H.R. 1726: Mr. M CHENRY . 
H.R. 1728: Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. T AKANO , and 
Ms. D ELAURO . 
H.R. 1737: Ms. E STY, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, 
and Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 1739: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 1748: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
PALAZZO , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, and Ms. N OR-
TON. 
H.R. 1768: Mr. K INGof Iowa and Mr. S MITH 
of Texas. 
H.R. 1769: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 1784: Mr. C LEAVER . 
H.R. 1786: Mr. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 1788: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 1814: Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. D EUTCH , and 
Mr. C URBELO of Florida. 
H.R. 1849: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1854: Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 1861: Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 1901: Mr. S HIMKUS . 
H.R. 1937: Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 1942: Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , and Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of 
California. 
H.R. 1945: Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
VANHOLLEN , and Ms. F RANKEL of Florida. 
H.R. 1977: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 1978: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 1994: Mr. G OODLATTE and Mr. M ICA. 
H.R. 2023: Mr. B ERA. 
H.R. 2030: Mr. L OEBSACK and Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 2050: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. T ED 
LIEUof California, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, 
Mr. J ONES , Ms. H AHN, and Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 2058: Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois. 
H.R. 2061: Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. 
RENACCI , Mr. K IND, and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 2096: Mr. B LUM. 
H.R. 2113: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 2121: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York, Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. 
CARNEY , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. 
TIPTON , and Mr. L UETKEMEYER . 
H.R. 2124: Mr. R EED, Mr. G IBSON , Mr. 
NOLAN , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. D OLD, 
and Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 2128: Mrs N OEM. 
H.R. 2144: Mr. C HABOT . 
H.R. 2156: Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 2211: Mr. H UDSON . 
H.R. 2229: Ms. M OORE and Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER . 
H.R. 2260: Ms. D UCKWORTH and Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 2277: Ms. D EGETTE . 
H.R. 2278: Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 2290: Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois. 
H.R. 2291: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 2293: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. 
SIRES, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. 
MCSALLY , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. 
VALADAO , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT , and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 2302: Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 2303: Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 2309: Mr. C APUANO and Mr. H INOJOSA . 
H.R. 2311: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 2315: Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. 
DOLD, and Mr. D ELANEY . H.R. 2342: Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 2358: Mr. P OMPEO . 
H.R. 2382: Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H.R. 2400: Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. 
ALLEN , Mr. H ARDY , and Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 2404: Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. 
H.R. 2412: Mr. I SRAEL and Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 2417: Mrs. B LACKBURN . 
H.R. 2466: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 2477: Mr. O LSON and Mr. F RANKS of Ar-
izona. 
H.R. 2493: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 2494: Mr. C OHEN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. 
FORTENBERRY , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. S IRES, Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mrs. D AVIS of 
California, Mr. W ALZ, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. 
VEASEY , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. P RICE of North 
Carolina, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. 
YOHO, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. 
BLUMENAUER , Mr. R IBBLE , Ms. M ENG, Mr. 
DESANTIS , and Mr. M CKINLEY . 
H.R. 2500: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. 
H.R. 2510: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. 
KNIGHT , and Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana. 
H.R. 2518: Mr. L AMALFA . 
H.R. 2521: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 2522: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 2530: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. 
LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, and Mr. 
SMITH of Washington. 
H.R. 2553: Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
ISRAEL , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. R OONEY  
of Florida, Mrs. C APPS , and Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 2557: Mr. O LSON and Mr. P OMPEO . 
H.R. 2560: Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 2567: Mr. C APUANO , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. 
CALVERT , and Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 2586: Mr. K NIGHT . 
H.R. 2587: Mr. K NIGHT . 
H.R. 2602: Ms. B ROWN of Florida. 
H.R. 2627: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 2631: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri. 
H.R. 2646: Mr. R USH, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, 
and Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 2647: Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. S IMPSON , and 
Mr. P ALMER . 
H.R. 2650: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. 
H.R. 2653: Mr. R ATCLIFFE and Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2658: Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 2660: Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 2662: Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. G IB-
SON, and Mr. F ORTENBERRY . 
H.R. 2663: Ms. D ELBENEand Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 2689: Mr. P ETERS and Mr. R OYCE . 
H.R. 2691: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 2692: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 2698: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. 
JOLLY , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , and Mr. 
MOOLENAAR . 
H.R. 2710: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia and Mr. 
MURPHY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2713: Mr. C LAYand Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 2721: Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 2726: Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. M IL-
LERof Florida and Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 2734: Mr. C APUANO , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts, and Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 2742: Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. M CSALLY , and 
Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 2744: Mr. C RENSHAW . 
H.R. 2752: Mr. R ENACCI . 
H.R. 2758: Mr. G UINTA . 
H.R. 2768: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 2775: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mr. H ECKof Washington, Mr. C RENSHAW , and 
Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 2788: Mr. R ENACCI . 
H.R. 2789: Mr. L UETKEMEYER . 
H.R. 2800: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina 
and Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California. 
H.R. 2802: Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. H UDSON , and 
Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H.R. 2805: Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana. 
H.R. 2808: Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 2810: Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 2812: Mr. A LLEN and Mr. M OONEY of 
West Virginia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.074 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4775 June 25, 2015 
H.R. 2818: Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. F RANKS of Ar-
izona, Mr. K INGof Iowa, and Mr. Z INKE. 
H.R. 2820: Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. M URPHY of 
Pennsylvania, and Mrs. E LLMERS of North 
Carolina. 
H.R. 2824: Mr. S COTT of Virginia and Mr. 
POCAN . 
H.R. 2835: Mr. K INGof New York. 
H.R. 2844: Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 2846: Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 2854: Mr. H ARDY . 
H.R. 2866: Mrs. B USTOS . 
H.R. 2867: Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. B RADY of Penn-
sylvania, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. 
CLYBURN , Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE  
of Pennsylvania, Mr. N ADLER , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. H ONDA , Ms. L EE, Ms. K APTUR , Ms. 
EDWARDS , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
RICHMOND , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. 
ELLISON , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. 
PERLMUTTER , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of Cali-
fornia, Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. G ENE GREEN of 
Texas, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Ms. D EGETTE , 
Mr. N ORCROSS , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. N OLAN , 
Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. H UFFMAN , 
Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, 
Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. T EDLIEUof 
California, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
California, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. K IND, Ms. R OY-
BAL-ALLARD , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. Y ARMUTH , 
Mr. H IMES, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. 
BASS, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Ms. K ELLY of Illi-
nois, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. 
HOYER , Ms. H AHN, Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. D ANNY  
K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
ISRAEL , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. B EN 
RAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , and Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 2875: Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. E DDIE 
BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.J. Res. 48: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.J. Res. 55: Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. A MASH , Mr. 
ZINKE, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. P ERRY , 
Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. M ASSIE , 
Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, and Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK . 
H.J. Res. 58: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. C ARNEY . 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. R OEof 
Tennessee, and Mr. C ROWLEY . 
H. Con. Res. 38: Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H. Con. Res. 50: Mr. N EAL. 
H. Res. 34: Mr. H ONDA . 
H. Res. 140: Mr. R USHand Mr. T AKAI. 
H. Res. 209: Mr. Z ELDIN . 
H. Res. 294: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. 
H. Res. 310: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. 
HONDA , Mrs. W AGNER , and Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H. Res. 318: Mr. M ARINO , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. 
PERRY , and Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H. Res. 320: Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of Cali-
fornia. 
H. Res. 327: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, and Mr. 
MURPHY of Florida. 
H. Res. 329: Mr. S WALWELL of California, 
Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Ms. F RANKEL of Florida. 
f 
AMENDMENTS 
Under clause 8 of rule XVIII, pro-
posed amendments were submitted as follows: 
H.R. 2822 
OFFERED BY: MR. CLAWSON OF FLORIDA  
AMENDMENT NO. 20: Page 14, line 10, after 
the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘increased by $1,000,000’’. 
Page 14, line 10, after the second dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘increased by $1,000,000’’. 
Page 62, line 8, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘reduced by $1,250,000’’. H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MR. CLAWSON OF FLORIDA  
AMENDMENT NO. 21: Page 8, line 14, after 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
Page 62, line 8, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $1,200,000)’’. 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GARAMENDI  
AMENDMENT NO. 22: At the end of the bill 
(before the spending reduction account), in-sert the following: 
None of the funds made available by this 
Act may be used in contravention of Execu-tive Order 13693. 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GARAMENDI  
AMENDMENT NO. 23: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following 
new section: 
PROHIBITION ON TRANSFER OF FIRE  
PREPAREDNESS FUNDS  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to transfer funds made available by this Act for fire prepared-ness activities to the Wildland Fire Manage-ment appropriation for fire suppression ac-tivities. 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GARAMENDI  
AMENDMENT NO. 24: Page 2, line 20, after 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $4,010,000)’’. 
Page 8, line 14, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $3,902,000)’’. 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GARAMENDI  
AMENDMENT NO. 25: Page 2, line 20, after 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $14,000,000)’’. 
Page 18, line 24, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $11,611,000)’’. 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GARAMENDI  
AMENDMENT NO. 26: Page 3, line 25, after 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GARAMENDI  
AMENDMENT NO. 27: At the end of the bill 
(before the spending reduction account), in-sert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS  
None of the funds made available by this 
Act for California drought response or relief may be used by the Administrator of the En-vironmental Protection Agency or the Sec-retary of the Interior in contravention of im-plementation of Division 26.7 of the Cali-fornia Water Code (the Water Quality, Sup-ply, and Infrastructure Improvement Act of 2014), as approved by the voters of California in California Proposition 1 (2014). 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MR. SABLAN  
AMENDMENT NO. 28: Page 36, line 8, after 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $14,114,000)’’. 
Page 39, line 22, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $13,800,000)’’. 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MR. SABLAN  
AMENDMENT NO. 29: Page 36, line 8, after 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. 
Page 38, line 6, after each of the first and 
second dollar amounts, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MR. WALDEN  
AMENDMENT NO. 30: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following new section: RESOURCE MANAGEMENT PLANS  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to complete or im-plement the revision of the resource manage-ment plans for the Coos Bay, Eugene, Med-ford, Roseburg, or Salem Districts of the Bu-reau of Land Management or the Klamath Falls Field Office of the Lakeview District of the Bureau of Land Management proposed in the Bureau of Land Management Notice of Availability of the Draft Resource Manage-ment Plan Revisions and Draft Environ-mental Impact Statement for Western Or-egon published in the Federal Register on April 24, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 23046). 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MR. NEWHOUSE  
AMENDMENT NO. 31: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title) insert the following new section: 
S
EC. ll. None of the funds made avail-
able by this Act may be used by the Environ-mental Protection Agency, with respect to any alleged violation of the Clean Air Act, the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (popularly known as the ‘‘Clean Water Act’’), or the Solid Waste Disposal Act, to enter into consent decree that is not made avail-able to the public. 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MRS. CAPPS  
AMENDMENT NO. 32: Page 21, line 3, after 
each of the first and second dollar amounts, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,434,000)’’. 
Page 64, line 21, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $5,434,000)’’. 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GRAYSON  
AMENDMENT NO. 33: Page 62, line 8, after 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,212,000) (increased by $2,212,000)’’. 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GRAYSON  
AMENDMENT NO. 34: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to enter into a con-tract with any offeror or any of its principals if the offeror certifies, pursuant to the Fed-eral Acquisition Regulation, that the offeror or any of its principals— 
(1) within a three-year period preceding 
this offer has been convicted of or had a civil judgment rendered against it for commission of fraud or a criminal offense in connection with obtaining, attempting to obtain, or per-forming a public (Federal, State, or local) contract or subcontract; violation of Federal or State antitrust statutes relating to the submission of offers; or commission of em-bezzlement, theft, forgery, bribery, falsifica-tion or destruction of records, making false statements, tax evasion, violating Federal criminal tax laws, or receiving stolen prop-erty; or 
(2) are presently indicted for, or otherwise 
criminally or civilly charged by a govern-mental entity with, commission of any of the offenses enumerated in paragraph (1); or 
(3) within a three-year period preceding 
this offer, has been notified of any delin-quent Federal taxes in an amount that ex-ceeds $3,000 for which the liability remains unsatisfied. 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GRIFFITH  
AMENDMENT NO. 35: Page 26, line 7, strike 
‘‘3’’ and insert ‘‘6’’. 
H.R. 2822 
OFFERED BY: MS. PLASKETT  
AMENDMENT NO. 36: Page 38, line 6, after 
the second dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $13,684,000) (increased by $13,684,000)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.079 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4776 June 25, 2015 
H.R. 2822 
OFFERED BY: MR. BEYER  
AMENDMENT NO. 37: Page 73, strike lines 8 
through 23. 
H.R. 2822 
OFFERED BY: MR. ZINKE 
AMENDMENT NO. 38: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS WITH RESPECT TO  
VALUATION OF COAL  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to finalize, imple-ment, or enforce the provisions related to 
coal valuation of the proposed rule by the Department of the Interior entitled ‘‘Con-solidated Federal Oil & Gas and Federal & Indian Coal Valuation Reform’’ and dated January 6, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 608). 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MR. ZINKE 
AMENDMENT NO. 39: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS WITH RESPECT TO  
VALUATION OF COAL  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to finalize, imple-ment, or enforce subparts F and J of part 1206 of the proposed rule by the Department of the Interior entitled ‘‘Consolidated Fed-eral Oil & Gas and Federal & Indian Coal Valuation Reform’’ and dated January 6, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 608). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 094046 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.104 H25JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4619 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 2015 No. 103 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:50 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Spirit of God, from generation to 
generation, people of faith speak of Your greatness. Thank You for the strength You give to all who love You and for the blessings You bestow upon our Nation. 
Today, give our lawmakers the con-
tentment that comes from knowing and serving You. Clear their hearts with Your peace as You bring them into a closer relationship with You. 
Shield this land we love against all 
enemies foreign and domestic as You teach us to dwell in Your peace. Lord, make us to know a constancy of Your presence, to be aware of the certainty of Your judgment, and to give primacy to prayer in these challenging times. 
We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
HELLER ). The Democratic leader is rec-
ognized. 
f 
VOTING RIGHTS ACT 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, in less than 
18 months, Americans all over the country will cast their ballots in the 2016 elections. This exercise fulfills one of the most basic promises of our con-stitutional democracy: that all citizens 
have the right to vote, regardless of race, gender, or social status. 
This right to vote and the guarantee 
that each vote counts equally is the foundation of our form of government. It ensures that as this country changes, the elected officials who rep-resent its citizens will also reflect those changes. The electorate should be able to elect those who represent them, their thoughts, and their ideals. Yet, there is an ongoing effort all over America to obstruct the work of per-fecting our Union by hindering progress where it is needed the most. 
We see this reflected in the debate 
about whether the Confederate flag—a symbol of bigotry and racism—still has a place on public lands. There should be no debate. The answer to this ques-tion is no. And that matter should have been settled long ago. It was not. It took the deaths of nine innocent peo-ple, perhaps, to move this issue for-ward. 
We see this reflected in the debate 
about whether gay people have the right to marry. After all that has gone on, there should be no debate in this regard. The answer to this question is yes. The matter should have been set-tled long ago. 
We see this reflected in the insidious 
fight to keep certain citizens from ex-ercising their constitutional right to vote by instituting voter ID laws. There should be no debate. The answer to this question is no poll tax or any sort of maneuver designed to prevent voting should exist anyplace at any time. That matter was settled long ago—or at least we thought it was. 
The fight is not new. It is deeply 
rooted in our Nation’s history. I fin-ished many years ago now a book, ‘‘Freedom Summer,’’ about these cou-rageous, brilliant young men and women who went to Mississippi and spent one summer. It pointed out how the people of Mississippi at that time would do anything they could to keep an African American from voting. That 
is wrong. The Constitution now grants women and citizens of all races the right to vote. There have long been ef-forts to undermine that right. We also see it playing out in State capitols across the country. Districts are being gerrymandered to ensure that minority votes have the least possible impact on election outcomes. We have seen it playing out in courtrooms, where the Voting Rights Act has been under at-tack. 
Congress passed the Voting Rights 
Act 50 years ago—hard to believe but 50 years ago. Historically, it is one of the country’s most important laws—or was an important law. It aimed to clear the path to the ballot box for all citizens who choose to vote. But 2 years ago, the Supreme Court, in one of their questionable decisions, struck down a crucial section of the Voting Rights Act, in a 5-to-4 decision in the case of Shelby County v. Holder. As a result of the Court’s decision, it is now easier for States to enact laws making it harder for citizens to vote, and they have taken that way past where they should have. Voter ID, shortening the time for early voting—they are doing so many different things to prevent people from voting. It is hard to believe there would be efforts made to stop people from voting. 
In the States where we have same- 
day registration, I am not aware of a single case—not a single case of any type of fraud. The voter turnout where we have same-day registration is tre-mendous. 
In the Presiding Officer’s State and 
my State, there have been efforts made over the years to make sure that 30 days before an election, either a pri-mary or general, no more registrations. How ridiculous. I personally have tried to get that changed for decades, but no luck. The county clerks from 15 rural counties have enough juice in the State legislature to prevent that from hap-pening. It is too bad. Why in the world 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:30 Jun 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN6.000 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4620 June 25, 2015 
should we stop registration a month 
before an election? Election day is when people are so excited about vot-ing. So I am really very disappointed in what is happening in my own State re-garding keeping people from voting. 
The Voting Rights Act was very im-
portant, but now it is harder and hard-er for people to vote. There is little question that Republican-controlled State legislatures have taken advan-tage of this decision. I repeat: In States all across this country, Republican- controlled State legislatures have passed burdensome voter ID laws that target minority voters especially, col-lege students especially, and many other groups, to prevent them from voting. 
In Ohio—a State that experienced the 
longest voting lines in the Nation, even longer than the questionable Florida election—the Republican legislature scaled back early-voting hours in an ef-fort to keep people from voting. The legislature in North Carolina elimi-nated same-day registration when it worked so well and the turnout—it helped significantly. How can we work to form a more perfect union when some States actively work to prevent our fellow citizens from voting? 
We have a moral obligation to pro-
tect the right to vote for every Amer-ican citizen. Our country is stronger when every eligible voter participates. The Dean of the Senate, Senator L
EAHY , has introduced robust legisla-
tion to repair the damage from the Su-preme Court’s Shelby County decision. I am happy to support the efforts made by the senior Senator from Vermont. His bill will restore the heart of the Voting Rights Act. It will create a new nationwide coverage formula that ap-plies to any State with repeated voting rights violations in the last 25 years. It will also establish a targeted process for reviewing voting changes and also any changes these jurisdictions make all around the country that have a record of discrimination against vot-ers. This bill requires reasonable public notice for voting changes and also al-lows the Attorney General to request Federal observers to be present in places where a serious threat of racial discrimination may occur. 
We must do everything we can to re-
store and reestablish and defend the Voting Rights Act. Congress must act to protect one of the most important legislative accomplishments of the civil rights era. We should ensure that every American has equal access to the ballot. It is the right thing to do. As Dr. King said many years ago, ‘‘There comes a time when one must take a po-sition that is neither safe nor politic, nor popular, but he must take it be-cause conscience tells him it is right.’’ To push forward, under the words of Dr. King, is so important. 
Let’s do everything we can to have 
people vote. Let’s stand together on in-creasing, not diminishing, one’s ability to vote. Why? Because it is the right thing to do. I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader is recognized. 
f 
TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, the 
road to yesterday’s win for the middle class on TPA was never going to be an easy one. It was hardly a quick one. 
We always knew that was going to be 
the case, but I thought we owed it to the working men and women of our country to push ahead anyway. So we did. Through every bump and twist along the way, Republicans and Demo-crats held together. 
In achieving something that can open 
more opportunities for working fami-lies, we proved the growing power of good ideas in the new Republican Con-gress. In passing legislation that can facilitate the lowering of barriers and the lifting up of our workers in the 21st century, we proved that this is a new Congress that is back to work on be-half of the American people. 
Passing trade wasn’t the first bipar-
tisan achievement of this new Con-gress, and it won’t be the last, but it is significant. It opens the door for more wins for the middle class as trade nego-tiators move forward under this Presi-dent and, importantly, under the next President as well. 
I thank everyone who worked with us 
to get here on both sides of the aisle. It is thanks to continued cooperation and no end of determination that we were able to achieve another important ac-complishment for our country. 
f 
WARRIOR GAMES 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, on 
an entirely different matter, yesterday I had the pleasure of meeting with some of our Nation’s heroes. These men and women are taking part in Warrior Games 2015, an annual DOD-organized sporting event for both veterans and wounded, ill, and injured servicemem-bers from every corner of the country. This year’s games featured approxi-mately 250 athletes from the Army, Navy, Coast Guard, Air Force, and Ma-rine Corps. All of these wounded war-riors gave it their all in heated com-petition. Their bravery and their perse-verance through adversity serve as a source of inspiration to the rest of us. Their determination serves as a con-tinuing reminder that heroism endures long after events on the battlefield. It was a great honor to meet some of 
these courageous athletes and their families yesterday afternoon. They were here in the Capitol. I shared the thanks of a grateful nation with many men and women who wear our Nation’s uniform or who recently have. I shared my personal gratitude as well, because their heroism and their sacrifice rep-resent an enduring source of freedom for every other American. 
I hope they never forget it. I hope 
they are reminded when looking out to cheering crowds on the field, because America won’t forget what the men and women who stood in our defense have given all of us for our freedom. 
So let us hope that our Nation will 
always find brave warriors like them. 
f 
POST-TRAUMATIC STRESS 
DISORDER AWARENESS DAY 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, on 
one final matter, Saturday, June 27, is Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder Aware-ness Day. 
Sadly, post-traumatic stress disorder 
is an affliction that touches too many of our veterans. Raising awareness of PTSD and combatting the myths and misinformation that surround it are in-credibly important. There are effective treatments for PTSD, and all of us can do a few simple things in honor of PTSD Awareness Day. 
First, we can learn more about PTSD 
by getting the facts on the condition and its treatment. We can also reach out to somebody who might have PTSD or be at risk, particularly among the veterans community. And, finally, we can pass along what we learned to oth-ers to continue to raise awareness. 
So I hope Americans will take action 
on this PTSD Awareness Day to shed some light on an often misunderstood condition and hopefully to reach out to someone in need. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
ILLIS ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
The Senator from Arizona. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, before I 
make a unanimous consent request, I wish to say, for the information of my colleagues, that, as happens on occa-sion, the legislation of the National Defense Authorization Act was in vio-lation of the Ways and Means jurisdic-tion in the House, which then led to an automatic blue slip, which means that basically, for all intents and purposes, the entire bill comes to a standstill. 
In order to repair that, it requires 
unanimous consent in the Senate in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:30 Jun 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.001 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4621 June 25, 2015 
order to strike the provision and send 
it back to the House, without the pro-vision which they found objection-able—their Parliamentarian did—and which required the so-called blue slip. 
So I appreciate very much the agree-
ment of the Democratic leader, who agreed to this unanimous consent re-quest, so that we can move forward with a conference on the bill and hope-fully, if now things go right, we could get it to the President’s desk in July. 
I thank the Democratic leader, who 
has agreed to this unanimous consent request, in order that we might move forward. So I express my appreciation to him for allowing this. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that when the Senate receives the papers on H.R. 1735, the Secretary of the Senate re-engross the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 1735, with the following: Strike section 636. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. (The bill, H.R. 1735, which was pre-
viously ordered to be printed as passed by the Senate, and was printed in the R
ECORD of Monday, June 22, 2015, was 
modified by unanimous consent to strike section 636.) 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, today in 
this great country of ours the Afford-able Care Act—ObamaCare—has sur-vived the latest partisan attempt to deny health coverage to working fami-lies. Millions of working families won today. America won today. The Su-preme Court ruled against Republicans who were seeking to strip 6.5 million Americans of the subsidies that enable them to buy health insurance coverage. America won, I repeat, very pure, very simple. 
More than 10 million Americans are 
covered in the exchanges operating across the country, many of them in-sured for the first time, and 85 percent of these men and women receive tax credits that help them afford that cov-erage. 
On top of that, 12 million more Amer-
icans now have coverage through the Medicaid and Children’s Health Insur-ance Programs. The Commonwealth Fund recently found that more than 8 in 10 adults—four-fifths—of people who have these programs are satisfied with them. The Affordable Care Act is not perfect. No law ever is. But this law is working for millions—approaching 20 million—Americans. 
Once again, the Affordable Care Act 
prevailed. So I say to my Senate col-leagues, respectfully—and I mean 
that—stop banging your heads against the wall. This legislation passed. It is the law of this Nation. Stop. Move on. Republicans should pause for a minute and look back. 
I don’t know the number anymore. I 
don’t know, I lost count—is it 75? It is certainly approaching 100—of the ac-tual votes which have taken place to repeal the law. Never even came close to passing, but they have done it time and time again. Stop it. Think of the time wasted doing it. As Einstein said, the pure definition of insanity is some-one who keeps doing the same thing over and over again and gets the same results. 
I would hope the Republicans would 
rethink what they have been up to— their reckless, cynical attempts to in-crease taxes on millions of middle-in-come families. That is what it amounts to. 
I was interested in looking at the 
paper today regarding what Repub-licans have suggested doing if the Su-preme Court ruled against this law. Every one of them, without exception, would be a tremendous blow to the budgeting process of America. This bill makes America money. It has cut the deficit significantly. That is why I say it makes the country money. It allows for a more healthy nation. 
Republicans weren’t content to jeop-
ardize the health of Americans in need of coverage assistance in order to exact political revenge against President Obama. They were happy trying to do that. I also think it is important to note that Republicans who worked on this legislation in the process going through the committees here admitted that the legislation drafters never dis-cussed withholding subsidies in the manner suggested by the plaintiffs. Re-publicans who worked on the legisla-tion said that. 
So I think the public has basically 
had it with Republicans trying to take away a law that protects them from in-surance company discrimination when they get sick or hurt. Enough is enough. 
I had a ‘‘Welcome to Washington.’’ I 
have them every Thursday. I had a group of people here from Nevada who have family members who suffer from cystic fibrosis. They were able to tell me that for the first time in the lives of their children they could not be de-nied insurance. They are adults now. They can’t be denied insurance cov-erage because of this law. If this had been repealed, people with cystic fibro-sis and many other diseases would not be able to get health insurance. So let’s move on. Stop this. Stop wasting the time of the American people by trying to repeal the law. 
I appreciate the work done by the Su-
preme Court, a 6-to-3 decision. It was a good decision, a strong decision that upheld the law. Enough is enough. Let’s move on. RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, with the first hour equally divided, with the Democrats controlling the first half and the majority controlling the final half. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
OBAMACARE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
that we are even discussing another of ObamaCare’s self-inflicted brushes with the brink—yet again—is the lat-est indictment of a law that has been a rolling disaster for the American peo-ple, a rolling disaster for the American people. 
Today’s ruling will not change 
ObamaCare’s multitude of broken promises, including the one that re-sulted in millions—literally millions— of Americans losing the coverage they had and wanted to keep. Today’s ruling will not change ObamaCare’s spectac-ular flops—spectacular flops—from humiliating Web site debacles to the total collapse of exchanges in States run by the law’s loudest cheerleaders. Today’s ruling will not change the sky-rocketing costs in premiums, deductibles, and copays that have hit the middle class so hard over the last few years. 
The politicians who forced 
ObamaCare on the American people now have a choice: They can crow about ObamaCare’s latest wobble to-ward the edge or work with us to ad-dress the ongoing negative impact of a 2,000-page law that continues to make life literally miserable—miserable—for so many of the same people it pur-ported to help. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina. 
Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I have 
two very brief comments. One involves our national security and the world at large and the other involves our Nation as a whole. 
First, as to the Supreme Court rul-
ing. I am surprised. I am disappointed. But the ruling is now in. Senator M
CCONNELL said it well: This doesn’t 
mean ObamaCare is fixed; it means it is going to continue until somebody 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:30 Jun 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.002 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4622 June 25, 2015 
finds a better way or we are going to be 
left with ObamaCare for the rest of our lives and children’s lives and those who follow. 
The 2016 race domestically will be 
centered on health care as the most dominant domestic issue in the coun-try. If you are running for the House, if you are running for the Senate or if you are running for President, here is what this Supreme Court ruling means: If the public wants to continue ObamaCare—which I think would be a huge mistake—vote Democrat. If you want to repeal and replace ObamaCare with something better for you and your family, bipartisan, vote Republican. 
Hillary Clinton, the most likely 
Democratic nominee, will make ObamaCare her own. Whomever the Re-publican Party may nominate, the one thing I can assure you is that they will repeal and replace ObamaCare with something better. 
So to the people of the United States: 
You finally have a chance to have your say. This election in 2016 for the House, the Senate, and the White House will give you a chance to stop ObamaCare and replace it with something better for you and your children. Take advan-tage of this opportunity. Because if we fail to have the people in place in 2016 to change course, ObamaCare becomes cemented in terms of the American health care system and our economic future. I think it would be a mistake for the ages. 
f 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN 
Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, as I 
speak, Secretary Kerry is on his way to Geneva to try to conclude nuclear ne-gotiations with the Iranian regime. 
To Secretary Kerry: I urge you to 
suspend negotiations until we clear up two matters. 
No. 1, the Supreme Leader Ayatollah 
Ali Khameini said on state-run tele-vision in Iran, yesterday and the day before, ‘‘All economic, financial and banking sanctions, implemented either by the United Nations Security Coun-cil, the United States Congress or the administration, must be lifted imme-diately when the deal is signed.’’ Sec-retary Kerry, would you please tell the Ayatollah that is unacceptable and re-pudiate that statement before you ne-gotiate any further. 
The Iranian Parliament, several days 
ago, passed draft legislation prohib-iting the international community from having access to Iranian military 
facilities to determine the state of the Iranian nuclear program. Secretary Kerry, please suspend negotiations until the Iranian Government repudi-ates this concept. The P5+1 should be firm in these areas: There will never be a deal signed with Iran that does not allow for anytime, anywhere inspec-tions of nuclear sites, particularly military sites. How can you negotiate any further until they repudiate the actions they have taken? 
Please tell me—and I will send you a 
letter—what to tell my constituents who are very worried about this. I am 
being overwhelmed by questions: Does the Iranian Parliament action rep-resent the position of the Iranian Gov-ernment? My answer would be yes. Nothing happens in Iran unless the Ayatollah wants it to happen. 
So Secretary Kerry and the P5+1, 
please tell the Iranians that the action of the Parliament—the statement they have made that we will not be allowed to inspect military facilities as part of a deal—is a nonstarter and walk away until they repudiate that. Please send a message to the Ayatollah through the negotiators that we will not lift sanctions until there is full compli-ance, until the IAEA has a chance to tell us about the possible military di-mensions of their nuclear program. How can you lift sanctions and go for-ward and give them money until you know exactly what they have been up to in the past? 
Secretary Kerry, now is a time for 
you and President Obama to send a clear message to the Iranians: repu-diate these two statements or we will not negotiate any further. 
This is the most important decision 
any President of the United States will make, and we are about to go into ne-gotiations in the final stages with two thought processes on the table coming from the highest level of the Iranian Government: You will not be allowed to inspect military facilities, and we will demand immediate sanctions relief before there is verification. 
Those two statements coming from 
the Iranian leadership must be repudi-ated—and repudiated now. Walk away, Secretary Kerry, until they repudiate these statements. No more negotia-tions until we understand, is this a red line for the Iranians. Because if this is their red line, I will now ask you in public: Secretary Kerry, are these posi-tions red lines for the Iranian Govern-ment? Have they now adopted a red line that you will never be allowed to inspect military facilities as part of an inspection regime to determine the past development of nuclear weapons in Iran? Secondly, is this now a red line by the Ayatollah; that they will never agree to a deal that doesn’t allow for immediate sanctions relief? 
I need to know the answer to that 
question. Are these red lines? And if they are red lines, walk away. And if they are not red lines, have these statements repudiated because this is the most important decision the world will ever make. 
God help us all if we enter into a deal 
with this regime that is not sound, with every i dotted and every t crossed, because the Iranians have been cheat-ing and lying about their nuclear ambi-tions for well over a decade, and at the end of the day, you can’t trust the Ira-nians. 
I urge as strongly as possible that 
the P5+1 suspend negotiations until the Iranians set the record straight and re-pudiate these statements about deny-ing us access to military facilities and requiring immediate sanctions relief as 
part of any deal. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
f 
THE ECONOMY AND HEALTH CARE 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I want to 
talk a little bit today about jobs and the economy and people’s health care, and they are all related. We are in the midst of one of the slowest growth pe-riods for the economy in the recent his-tory of the United States. They just re-vised the figures again. That makes three times the figures have been re-vised for the last quarter. They now show a two-tenths of 1 percent growth. They should be showing about 2 per-cent growth for the year. 
Why is that a problem? If the econ-
omy increases by just 1 percent, it re-sults in $300 billion to $400 billion more tax revenue without raising taxes. That is where we need to be. When it is less than that 2 percent, that means we are losing that much in additional money. We make these decisions on about $1,100 billion a year, and we are overspending that by $468 billion. That is almost 50 percent overspending. No family can afford to do that, no city can afford to do that, and no State can afford to do that, but apparently the Federal Government can because we just borrowed more. So far, there is a lot of confidence in this country that we can continue to borrow. 
One of the areas where job growth 
and economy growth are impeded is with health care. President Obama is disconnected from the harsh reality that this health care law has created for people. Almost 2 weeks ago, speak-ing about his health care law, the President said: 
Part of what’s bizarre about this whole 
thing is, we haven’t had a lot of conversation about the horrors of ObamaCare because none of them have come to pass. 
None of them have come to pass? 
How insulated is our President? I just want to emphasize what he said—none of those horror stories have come to pass. 
Apparently that message didn’t make 
it very far because I hear a drastically different story from folks across Wyo-ming and other parts of the country. 
A rancher from Gillette complained 
to me that her and her husband’s health insurance went up from $11,000 per year to $20,000 per year and then had a deductible thrown in that was $6,500. She said: How is that affordable? 
A retired nurse from Casper told me 
that if you add the premium increases and the deductible increases, she and her husband are up $36,000 per year. 
She wrote: Health care is 
unaffordable. It is a huge burden and worry. How can people afford to pay more for health care than they make in a year? 
She said that ObamaCare doesn’t pro-
vide them with coverage for their med-ical needs and added that it goes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.004 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4623 June 25, 2015 
against everything they believe in for 
America. 
A man from Cheyenne said the Presi-
dent’s health care law is forcing him to choose between paying for his health care or paying for his mortgage. 
A small business owner in Newcastle 
said that before the affordable health care law, she could afford to pay for her employees’ health care. After the law went into force, she couldn’t. Her employees couldn’t afford it, either, so they might leave for a bigger com-pany—which probably isn’t possible— and the small business owner might have to sell out to a bigger company, which in many of the towns in Wyo-ming also isn’t going to be possible. She loves her community and wants to stay an active part of it. She is dis-couraged by the situation this health care law has created and is asking for help. 
We have been asking for help for sev-
eral years now. The President has rec-ognized that there needs to be some help; otherwise, there will be some real calamities. Why haven’t they hap-pened? Well, some of them have. I have described some of them to you. But some of them haven’t happened. That is because the President has given waivers on some of the things that he knows are atrocious and will cause a huge problem with the economy of the United States. Does he have the au-thority to do the waivers? Not really, but he did them, and that is to put off the tragedies until later. That is not what we ought to be doing. We ought to be making health care more affordable. There are lots of plans around here for making it more affordable; most of those were just discarded. 
The bill that went through here went 
through—there was a 60-vote majority on that side of the aisle. Sixty votes is enough to pass anything through here. I hope neither party has a 60-vote ma-jority again because you don’t have to listen to the other side. You don’t have to listen to the unintended con-sequences that might come from some-body who is knowledgeable because of their background. There are a bunch of different backgrounds who serve here and another 435 backgrounds who serve on the House side. Why do we have so many people in Congress? So that we have those diverse backgrounds and we can find those unintended con-sequences and adjust for them. 
The people I mentioned are real peo-
ple, real families. They didn’t write the story. They and many more like them contacted me. They are telling me and they are telling all of us in Washington to do something about this unworkable health care bill for millions of Ameri-cans that is far from affordable, breaks promises, and makes lives harder. I am listening to them, and so should the torch carriers of this federally man-dated dream that was broken before it began. 
Today’s Supreme Court ruling on 
King v. Burwell is surprising, but it re-minds all of us who warned against this health care law that we will have our 
work cut out for us to move our coun-try away from the failed policies. This law was written and implemented in its entirety by one party, as I mentioned, and has been informed from the start by ideology rather than reality. 
There are a number of us who were 
working on health care before the President even became a Senator, and we have continued to work on it. We have had a lot of discarded ideas that could have increased competition and brought prices down. 
This law was written and imple-
mented in its entirety by one party, and it has been informed from the start by ideology rather than reality. Yet, it has fallen to us to make things better and help people get through these dif-ficulties caused by this law. 
The Federal Government cannot pos-
sibly know what is best for each indi-vidual, and, as we have seen, a one-size- fits-all dictate doesn’t work. The Wyo-ming folks whose stories I just relayed and the millions more like them from every State are a testament to that. That is just a very small sample out of the hundreds of people who write to me or talk to me as I travel across Wyo-ming. Our focus is to offer each of them new choices for quality affordable health care. Our focus is not protecting this failed law, this busted political legacy. We want to protect families as we get rid of ObamaCare and transition away from this fiasco. That is what it is, as is illustrated by the testimonials that I talked about earlier and the hundreds more that I have. 
It is time for Republicans and Demo-
crats to truly deliver on the Presi-dent’s broken promise of a health care system that expands access and pro-motes quality and has patient-centered care while actually bringing the costs down. That is possible, just not under that bill. This is an opportunity for both parties to work together and put into place real solutions that rely on these principles. 
I think they just announced that one 
of the Federal insurance co-ops is going out of business. All of them are se-verely in the red. Those would be gov-ernment-sponsored entities that said too much was being charged for health care by many of the insurance compa-nies, and they went for far lower pre-miums. The hope was that it would bring down the price, but it didn’t. That is not the way to encourage the kind of competition we need if we are going to bring down health care costs. 
One of the things that has been fo-
cused on around here for a long time has been small business health plans or small businesses. Small businesses are the ones that are really having the problem. 
I ran into a man who said: I have a 
very successful business, and I just got a tremendous location that is only 50 miles away where I could open another one. But that would put me over 50 em-ployees, and that puts me in a different category on health care costs. The peo-ple who are working for me like the 
health care costs I am providing, and I would have to go to a whole different level or pay huge fines, and I can’t af-ford to do that. So I am not going to open that other location; I am not going to put 50 more people to work. 
For too long, the debate over health 
care has placed politics over the best interests of patients. No matter the Court’s ruling, it is time for Democrats and Republicans to deliver what the President promised but ultimately failed to deliver. We need a health sys-tem that expands access and promotes quality, patient-centered care while ac-tually bringing down the costs. We must allow States the freedom and flexibility to ensure that hard-working Americans can get the care they need. It is time for both parties to work to-gether on real solutions that rely on these principles. We should move for-ward on a bipartisan basis to provide more choices and a better health care system for hard-working Americans. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
come to the floor to congratulate my colleague, the senior Senator from Wy-oming, whom I have worked with for many years and who has been a true leader in true health care reform with proposals he has made that would actu-ally help people get affordable care. 
The Obama health care law, regard-
less of the ruling of the Supreme Court, continues to be an expensive failure. There have been so many broken prom-ises by this President about health care in America, which, to me, is the reason this health care law—the sup-port for it across the country remains at an alltime low. 
People were promised that if they 
liked their coverage, they could keep their coverage. Millions have lost cov-erage. The President promised: If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. Millions have lost their doc-tors. The President said premiums would go down by $2,500 per family. In-stead, premiums have gone up, and there is no end in sight. 
When I take a look at this and say 
‘‘Why is the support so low?’’ it is be-cause most people believe that for them personally, it is a bad deal. They are paying more in premiums, higher copays, and higher deductibles, all of which makes it a bad deal for them personally. 
I would say that ObamaCare cannot 
be fixed, but health care in America must be fixed. 
They say: What are you going to do 
about it as a Republican? 
There are incredible Republican 
plans out there, each of which is much better than the President’s health care law. We still have 30 million Americans without insurance, concerned about the fact that they still need care. We are going to continue to work to repeal and replace this health care law with a law that will allow people to get what 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:30 Jun 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.013 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4624 June 25, 2015 
Senator E NZIhad been talking about. 
We need patients to get the care they need from a doctor they choose at lower costs. That is what Republicans are committed to, and that is what Re-publicans, in spite of today’s ruling by the Supreme Court, will continue to work for. 
I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. MURPHY. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
F
ISCHER ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. 
f 
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT 
Mr. MURPHY. Madam President, 
hopefully, we can move on. After a Presidential election, two Supreme Court cases, 60-plus votes to repeal the Affordable Care Act in the House of Representatives, and endless debates here in the Senate, maybe now is the moment where Republicans will choose to close the books on trying to strip away from millions of Americans the benefits they have received from the Affordable Care Act. This is an impor-tant day for over 10 million Americans who have health care right now be-cause of the Affordable Care Act. I would argue it is an important day as well for the separation of powers and the recognition that it is the legisla-tive body that sets the policy for this country. 
I just wanted to come down to the 
floor for a few minutes to express my hope and my desire that proponents of the Affordable Care Act—such as my-self, Senator S
TABENOW , and Senator 
BALDWIN —who have come down to the 
floor over and over during the course of the last 3 years don’t have to do it any-more. I would love to come down to the floor and talk about the need to fix our transportation system or the need for mental health reform. I would love to talk about tax reform. I have come down to the floor over and over to de-fend the Affordable Care Act simply be-cause it has been perpetually under at-tack despite the fact that its successes are now unparalleled. 
Justice Roberts, in the decision 
today—I won’t quote from it at length—said: ‘‘Congress passed the Af-fordable Care Act to improve health in-surance markets, not to destroy them.’’ That is essentially the opera-tive phrase in today’s decision. We passed the Affordable Care Act to im-prove health insurance marketplaces, not to destroy them, and that is what it has done. It has improved market-places all across the country. Why? Be-cause people have voted with their feet. The 10 to 11 million people who signed up for either expanded Medicare, Med-icaid coverage or these exchanges have shown us that the law works as in-tended because they didn’t stay out or 
deem it to be unaffordable. They stepped in and bought coverage. 
We should now be in the business of 
perfecting this law. None of us, frank-ly, think that this law is perfect. Many of us are open to conversations about how to make it better and how to per-fect it. Now that the Supreme Court has completely shut the door to a judi-cial repeal of the act, and after having debate after debate, hopefully it is clear that there are not the votes—nor the support, obviously, in the executive branch—to repeal the act, and we can move on to something else. 
This is an old chart of mine that I 
have in the Chamber. I brought this down to the floor several months ago when a colleague of ours suggested that the administration shouldn’t be celebrating the successes of the Afford-able Care Act, as if people receiving health insurance for the first time in their life wasn’t something to cele-brate, as if 17 million children with preexisting conditions who will never have their health care taken away from them wasn’t something to cele-brate, and as if 9.4 million senior citi-zens who are saving $15 billion on drugs isn’t something to celebrate. I get ex-cited when I talk about the Affordable Care Act not only because it is a really sober and important topic but because when I talk to my constituents back home, they are excited. They are bub-bling over with enthusiasm. Those of them who never had the chance to get health coverage before the Affordable Care Act and those who worried every single night, sick that their child wouldn’t be able to live a normal life because their existence would be ob-sessed with whether they were able to cover their complicated illness with in-surance, are bubbling over with enthu-siasm. 
There are millions of people who are 
celebrating this decision today, and it is a sober day because, hopefully, we will be able to have a conversation about how we can move on to another topic. But it is a day to celebrate, not only for the 6.4 million Americans, first and foremost, who would have had their insurance taken away by an ad-verse decision, but for all Americans who would have been caught up in an insurance death spiral had the decision gone the other way. 
I hope we can limit our discussions 
about the Affordable Care Act to ways in which we can make it work better. 
So I hope we can now spend more 
time talking about other topics that matter to this country. I hope the House of Representatives decides to give up this obsession with repealing the Affordable Care Act, which is some-thing that is simply not going to hap-pen. And for its opponents out in the field, the Supreme Court has shut the doors to a judicial repeal of the Afford-able Care Act today. 
I think of a lot of stories when I 
think about what the Affordable Care Act has meant to the people of Con-necticut. We have cut our uninsurance 
rates in half in Connecticut. We have one of the best running exchanges in the country. But one of the simplest stories is the only one I will convey as I wrap up this morning. 
I was at the community pool that my 
family goes to in Cheshire, CT, and I was in the pool with my then 2-year- old just shortly after passage of the Af-fordable Care Act. 
A young man about my age came up 
to me, and he said: Listen, I am sorry, Mr. M
URPHY , to disturb you; I know 
you are here with your son, but I have a little boy, too, and he has a con-genital heart problem. Every single day since he has been born, I have wor-ried that he wouldn’t get to live out his dreams because his life decisions would be dictated by whether or not he could get insurance to cover all of the com-plicated health care needs he is going to have and that would be determina-tive of his path in life, not his dreams, 
his desires for himself. 
He said: I get it that this is going to 
help a lot of people in very practical and economic ways, but I just want to thank you because now I sleep better at night knowing that my son is going to be able to get covered, that my son is going to be able to lead a relatively normal life, and that he can be what-ever he wants to be. 
That is the benefit the Affordable 
Care Act brings people. It is not just practical. It is not just economic. It is not just the battle over whether some-body has health insurance. It is psy-chological. It is peace of mind. 
The Supreme Court protected 6.4 mil-
lion people from losing their health in-surance today, but they also protected tens of millions of patients and parents and sons and daughters and grand-parents from losing that peace of mind that comes with the protections from an Affordable Care Act that is working. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. 
f 
KING V. BURWELL DECISION 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, earlier 
today the Supreme Court issued its long-awaited ruling in King v. Burwell. As we now know, the Court has once again decided to rule against common sense and the plain meaning of statu-tory language in order to uphold the poorly drafted Affordable Care Act— which, by the way, Justice Roberts says has a lot of ambiguity and poor draftsmanship. Even worse, with to-day’s decision, the Court’s ruling failed to hold the Obama administration ac-countable for its reckless execution of its own law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:30 Jun 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.014 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4625 June 25, 2015 
The plain text of the Affordable Care 
Act authorizes subsidies only through State exchanges, not the Federal ex-change. This decision will allow the ad-ministration to continue to ignore the law in order to implement its own pre-ferred policies. 
(Mrs. FISCHER assumed the Chair.) As Justice Scalia said in his dissent, 
‘‘We should start calling this law SCOTUScare.’’ Only Justice Scalia would come up with something like that, which I find extremely humorous. 
Justice Scalia continued, saying: 
Perhaps the Patient Protection and Afford-
able Care Act will attain the enduring status of the Social Security Act or the Taft-Hart-ley Act; perhaps not. But this Court’s two decisions on the Act will surely be remem-bered through the years. The somersaults of statutory interpretation . . . they have per-formed will be cited by litigants endlessly, to the confusion of honest jurisprudence. And the cases publish forever the discour-aging truth that the Supreme Court of the United States favors some laws over others, and is prepared to do whatever it takes to as-sist its favorites. 
I couldn’t have said it any better my-
self. 
Needless to say, I am disappointed at 
this decision, as I know many through-out the country are, but at the same time I am undeterred. 
As I said on the floor last week, 
ObamaCare has been nothing but a long series of broken promises that in-clude skyrocketing costs, reduced ac-cess to care, and more government mandates hanging over our health care system. 
Today’s ruling changes none of that. 
Just because the Court decided to mis-interpret, in my opinion, the statute doesn’t mean that the law suddenly works and that all is now right with the world. For the good of our health care system and hardworking tax-payers throughout our country, we still need to chart a new course on health care policy. Unfortunately, with the current occupant of the White House, those kinds of reforms are not cur-rently possible. 
But make no mistake, Republicans in 
Congress have a plan to help the Amer-ican people by repealing ObamaCare and replacing it with reforms that will put patients—not Washington bureau-crats—in charge of their own health care decisions. 
I am coauthor of the Patient CARE 
Act, a legislative proposal that would replace ObamaCare with real reforms that would actually reduce health costs without all the burdensome man-dates that have come part and parcel with the so-called Affordable Care Act—which is anything but affordable. Moving forward, I, along with the co-authors of this proposal, Senator B
URR 
and Chairman U PTON over in the 
House, will continue to seek input from experts and stakeholders and use every opportunity to give States more free-dom and flexibility. 
Once again, any workable reform 
must lower costs and put patients first. That is the only way we will end the negative consequences of ObamaCare 
and help the American people move past this misguided attempt at health care reform. 
The American people deserve better, 
and Republicans in Congress are united in our commitment to make sure we do better on health care reform in the fu-ture. 
Now, I had suspected that this is the 
way the court would decide and it is a big enough bill that extremely clever judges could find a way to rule how they did today. And there are few jus-tices as clever as the Chief Justice. I have tremendous respect for him. 
And though he used his talents to up-
hold this law, he did it with aplomb and unparalleled legal skill. I have had colleagues bad-mouth the Chief Justice for this case and especially the Sebelius case. 
What few of my colleagues remem-
ber, however, is that in the Sebelius de-cision, the Chief Justice led the way to preserve for States the right to make their own decisions with regard to whether to undertake a Medicaid ex-pansion or not. 
Under Obamacare, the Democrats 
wanted to force the hands of the States—either expand the program, or you would lose all access to Medicaid funds. 
That was coercion, pure and simple, 
and the Court ruled accordingly. And Justice Roberts wrote the opinion, which was joined, at least with regard to the Medicaid expansion, by all con-servative justices on the Court. 
The Court’s decision preserved a real 
and meaningful choice for the States, and States have used that ability to choose in different ways. Some have expanded Medicaid. Some have not. Some have tried to use waiver author-ity to craft solutions that work for them. This flexibility is how it should work. 
All I can say is that the Chief Justice 
is a remarkable judge. He is a tremen-dous human being. I have a tremendous confidence in him and I believe in him. I differ with him on this opinion though. This ruling will not solve any of the problems inherent in Obamacare, as we can see from the continually sky- rocketing costs of health care and in-surance coverage. 
As I have said, clever judges can find 
ambiguities where none exist. Clever judges can find ambiguities that others may not be able to find. And despite the Chief Justice’s brilliance and integ-rity of character, we need to repeal Obamacare and replace it with some-thing better. 
I believe, with Chairman U
PTON in 
the House, and Senator B URR, that the 
Patient CARE Act is one of the best so-lutions out there. I urge all of my col-leagues to read through our proposal and offer constructive criticism. We need an off-ramp from Obamacare to an actually affordable, and privatized, health care system. Only then can we give every day Americans the eco-nomic growth and prosperity they de-serve. With that, I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Colorado. 
f 
REACH ACT 
Mr. GARDNER. Madam President, 
today I wish to discuss the REACH Act, legislation that I have introduced with my colleague, the senior Senator from Iowa, Mr. G
RASSLEY , to establish a new 
category for critical access hospitals in financial distress. 
Rural hospitals are an essential yet 
vulnerable part of our health care sys-tem. Rural residents face a unique set of challenges in relation to their urban counterparts. According to the Amer-ican Hospital Association, rural resi-dents are typically older, poorer, and more likely to have chronic diseases than those living in more developed cities. The unique challenges of caring for patients in underserved areas are not the only hurdles that face rural hospitals today. They have a hard time simply keeping their doors open. 
Since January of 2010, approximately 
55 rural hospitals nationwide have closed because they could not generate the kind of support or the volume nec-essary to continue operation. In Colo-rado, nearly 60 percent of care for pa-tients in underserved areas is provided by hospitals dependent on rural pay-ment mechanisms, and many hospitals are in danger of closing their doors. 
I would like to share with you a story 
about the impact of a rural hospital in my hometown of Yuma, CO, as shared by the CEO of the hospital. Now, I will also tell you that the name of the CEO of the hospital is John Gardner. John Gardner also happens to be the name of my father. They are two different peo-ple. My father sells farm equipment. This John Gardner runs a hospital. I think I can tell you that both of them have gotten complaints. 
My dad has gotten complaints about 
the emergency room bill, and John Gardner, this CEO of the hospital, has gotten complaints about a tractor overhaul bill. But they are two dif-ferent people. But this John Gardner, the CEO of the hospital, does live right next to me in this small town of right around 3,000 people. This is what he said, the CEO of the hospital: 
Because we are located in a rural farming 
community, we see many farming accidents and motor vehicle accidents. Gravel roads are not the driver’s friend. In partnership with the city ambulance service, we have in-vested a lot of time and training and equip-ment to be prepared to respond to these acci-dents. We have two young adults in our com-munity who were involved in serious auto-mobile accidents on gravel roads. Both had severe head trauma which without imme-diate stabilization would have had terminal outcomes. 
Because of our hospital we were able to 
treat and transport both to level 1 trauma centers for complete treatment and fol-lowing extensive rehabilitation are now back with their families. 
Stories like this and the invaluable 
lifesaving services provided by rural 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:30 Jun 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.022 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4626 June 25, 2015 
hospitals are why we need a new sys-
tem, a new system that recognizes the financial challenges and obstacles that rural hospitals face today. Without an adjustment, there may be more facili-ties closing. A 2014 report by the Na-tional Rural Health Association identi-fied 283 additional hospitals at risk of closing. 
Now, we saw 55 nationwide hospitals 
already close. An additional 283 rural hospitals around the country are at risk of closing. Ensuring that rural communities have access to the life-saving care they need is why I am in-troducing—and joining Senator G
RASS -
LEY—the Rural Emergency Acute Care 
Hospital Act or the REACH Act. 
The REACH Act aims to allow rural 
hospitals which are in financial dis-tress to become a new category of hos-pital, called a rural emergency hos-pital. Here is the problem and why we need to pass the REACH Act. Under current law, critical access hospitals are classified as hospitals maintaining no more than 25 acute care beds. These hospitals rely on rural payment mecha-nism for Medicare reimbursements for outpatient, inpatient, laboratory, ther-apy services, and post-acute swing-bed services. 
As the medical service industry has 
evolved, patients find it more and more attractive to have services requiring rural hospital admission performed in large city hospitals because inpatient services are delivered there on a more routine basis. We see more people leav-ing rural hospitals to go to the city hospitals because they perform these inpatient services more regularly. 
The problem, of course, is that leaves 
rural hospitals without enough inpa-tient volume to cover their costs, of-tentimes resulting in hospital closures. So when a critical access hospital— again, these are hospitals defined under the law as 25 acute care beds. When a critical access hospital has to shut its doors for inpatient services, it has to stop providing inpatient services, it also means the emergency care closes with it. 
So now you have a hospital no longer 
providing inpatient services and no longer offering emergency care. But as highlighted by my hometown story— the story I just shared from the CEO of the hospital, timely access to emer-gency services is truly the difference between life and death. Those two young men who would have faced a ter-minal outcome were saved because of the availability of a rural hospital emergency room. 
So when dealing with life-threat-
ening injuries, it is critical for patients to receive the kind of health care they need, that lifesaving care to prevent the terminal outcome within the gold-en hour. That is something doctors and hospitals use—a term for medical pro-fessionals—meaning that hour after in-jury where it is absolutely critical that they receive treatment, that can make the difference between survival—if they do not receive their care during this critical golden hour, their condi-
tion could rapidly deteriorate. 
Recent statistics from the National 
Conference of State Legislatures found that 60 percent of trauma deaths in the United States occur in rural areas but only represent 15 percent of the overall population. So if we are talking about why we need access to rural emergency hospitals, the statistic is very clear: 60 percent of rural trauma deaths in this country occur amongst a population that only represents 15 percent of the overall population. That is a pretty dramatic number. 
It is critical that we provide rural 
hospitals that are under financial dis-tress the necessary tools to prevent closures for those living in isolated areas, to make sure they have the same access to emergency services. The solu-tion is the REACH Act, a solution Sen-ator G
RASSLEY and I are working on to-
gether, to allow rural hospitals in fi-nancial distress to switch from being a critical access hospital to this new cat-egory called a rural emergency hos-pital. 
This new category would offer reim-
bursement rates that are consistent with the care, needs, and capabilities of rural hospitals, but more importantly allowing them to remain open, keeping that critical emergency room service open. Now, the emergency hospital must provide emergency medical care and observation 24 hours a day, 7 days a week by onsite staff. 
So we are still providing quality 
care, but we are allowing them to over-come the fact that they have seen their inpatient services decline, enabling them to keep their emergency services open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, to make sure trauma patients can see the doctor and be provided the necessary medical care they need during that all- important golden hour. 
The bill would also establish proto-
cols for the timely transfer of patients in need of a higher level of care and pa-tient admittance. The Presiding Officer and I both came from rural States, where we know—there are hospitals in our States that are facing financial challenges. There have been stories in newspapers in Colorado about the struggles some communities are having maintaining their services, keeping their doors open. But there are stories in each and every one of these commu-nities like the story John Gardner told about those two young people in my hometown who otherwise would have had a terminal outcome but for the availability of the emergency care in rural Colorado. 
So to avoid missing out on the serv-
ices necessary to keep people alive, to make sure rural patients have access to care during that critical golden hour, the REACH Act provides our hos-pitals with an opportunity to keep health services and hospitals available across rural America—available, open with emergency care, giving troubled hospitals an avenue to keep their doors open and to keep providing the life-saving care we all so desperately want 
in each of our communities, rural or urban. 
I thank the Presiding Officer for the 
time on the floor today. I urge my col-leagues to support the REACH Act. We are always reaching out for more co-sponsors in a bipartisan fashion to make sure we can do the best job pos-sible providing health care to rural America, to urban America, and to make sure we keep these hospitals open. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
f 
TRAGEDY IN CHARLESTON, SOUTH 
CAROLINA 
Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, I 
rise today to discuss my hometown of Baltimore and the city’s recovery after the civil unrest related to the Freddie Gray case. But first let me say a few words about the heartbreaking events in South Carolina. Words are inad-equate to express the heartache of yet another mass shooting. Gun violence regularly takes far too many victims in Baltimore and other cities across the country, but to have a place of wor-ship violated in such a hateful way is inexplicable. 
My prayers are with the Mother 
Emanuel AME Church, its congregants, and the people of Charleston, SC, at this difficult time. I appreciate the De-partment of Justice’s swiftness in opening a hate crimes investigation of this tragedy. Despite the alarming fre-quency of such shootings, we as a na-tion cannot become complacent and immune to the pain and anguish caused by these instances. 
Every time a senseless shooting 
takes place, there should be more and more of us who shout to the Heavens in protest as loudly as we can. As parents, we have a responsibility to teach our children to focus on things that unite all people and to view differences as strengths, rather than seeds for hatred and resentment. As lawmakers, we need to move from a place of political inertia to stop guns from getting into the hands of people who use them for the wrong reasons. We have mourned too many good people—men, women, and children—to stand idly by. 
I am pleased State leaders have come 
together for the removal of the Confed-erate flag from the grounds of South Carolina’s statehouse. I urge the State legislature to move quickly to perma-nently remove this symbol of intoler-ance from government facilities. 
f 
BALTIMORE ACT 
Mr. CARDIN. Now, as I travel around 
Baltimore, and particularly the neigh-borhoods that are trying to recover, I hear a recurring theme from constitu-ents: They don’t feel their government truly represents them and their inter-ests. They don’t feel government has fully invested in recovery efforts in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:30 Jun 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.023 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4627 June 25, 2015 
their communities. They don’t feel 
fully enfranchised. 
So what steps have the local govern-
ment and Federal Government taken so far? We have seen our State’s attor-ney in Baltimore indict several police officers on numerous criminal charges as a result of the death of Freddie Gray. Mr. Gray suffered a severe spinal cord injury while in police custody, which ultimately led to his death. 
The judge in this case has scheduled 
a trial to begin in October. At the Fed-eral level, even before the Freddie Gray case, I had called for the Justice De-partment to intervene regarding alle-gations of brutality and misconduct by the Baltimore Police Department. In October 2014, the Maryland congres-sional delegation sent a letter to the Justice Department in support of greater Federal involvement with our local police force. 
DOJ agreed to this request and 
opened a collaborative review process with their COPS Office in Baltimore City. Shortly after the Freddie Gray case came to light in April of 2015, I sent a letter, along with the Maryland congressional delegation, asking the Justice Department to open a pattern or practice investigation into civil rights violations in the Baltimore Po-lice Department. 
DOJ agreed to this request and 
opened the investigation, which is still ongoing, at the same time that the State trial for the police officers is oc-curring. For those of us who live in Baltimore, the events over those last couple of weeks have been heart-breaking. The city we love has gone through very difficult times. I wish to thank my colleagues who have con-tacted Senator M
IKULSKI and me for of-
fering their help, for offering their un-derstanding, and for their willingness to work together so we can deal with the issues that have been raised in Bal-timore and other cities and other places around our country. 
It is our responsibility to move for-
ward. The people of Baltimore under-stand that. We understand the national spotlight will be leaving, and we are going to deal with the issues that are left behind. I want to thank the admin-istration for their high-level involve-ment as Baltimore gets back on its feet. Our congressional delegation and Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake has had the opportunity to meet at the White House with senior administra-tion officials and Cabinet Secretaries to support our local priorities, includ-ing jobs, economic growth, education, housing, and law enforcement. 
I thank President Obama for making 
Baltimore a top priority. Team Mary-land is committed to working with the White House and Cabinet agencies to ensure that the tools and resources available from the Federal Govern-ment—from improving housing and in-creasing quality jobs to supporting our schools and small businesses, to pro-viding citizens with second chances and expanding programs to rebuild the trust between neighborhoods and law 
enforcement—are brought to bear in Baltimore as a national model for the restoration of hope and opportunities in our cities. 
As Congressman C
UMMINGS has said: 
This is a transformational moment for Baltimore. It is finally time that we look at comprehensive steps to restore hope and trust in our neighborhoods. We need to ensure that all our citizens’ rights are preserved, while giving po-lice the tools they need to reengage with families and individuals that they are there to protect. 
Last week, I introduced the BALTI-
MORE Act, S. 1610, with Senator M
I-
KULSKI as my cosponsor. The legisla-
tion stands for Building and Lifting Trust in Order to Multiply Opportuni-ties and Racial Equality. The compo-nents of the BALTIMORE Act are pow-erful antidotes to many of the long- term ills facing our city and others. We must simultaneously promote eco-nomic development and opportunities for our cities. 
But this bill gives individuals and 
law enforcement a second chance to do the right thing and contribute in a positive way to their families, their neighborhoods, and the larger commu-nity. The BALTIMORE Act contains legislation from this Senator and other Senators as well as new legislative ideas. The BALTIMORE Act consists of four titles. The first title deals with law enforcement. The BALTIMORE Act contains the text of my legislation, S. 1056, which is the End Racial Profiling Act. I have talked on the floor before about ending racial profiling. It should have no place in law enforcement in our communities. It is counterproductive, it turns com-munities against law enforcement, it is costly, and it can be deadly. 
Now, if you have specific information 
about a person who has committed a crime, you can use that. That is not profiling. But when you target a com-munity solely because of race, that has to end. The first title of the BALTI-MORE Act also contains several re-forms championed by Senator M
IKUL-
SKI, as part of the Commerce, Justice, 
Science appropriations bill, approved by the committee for fiscal year 2016. 
The legislation would require local 
law enforcement officials receiving Byrne-JAG and COPS Hiring Program funds to submit officer training infor-mation to the DOJ, including how their officers are trained in the use of force, countering racial and ethnic bias, dees-calating conflicts, and constructive en-gagement with the public. It requires State and local police departments to promptly submit the use-of-force data to the FBI. 
The legislation requires the Depart-
ment of Justice to issue a report on a plan to assist State and local law en-forcement agencies to improve training in the use of force, in identifying racial and ethnic bias, and in conflict resolu-tion through the course of officers’ ca-reers. The final piece of this title I act es-
tablishes a pilot program to assist local law enforcement in purchasing or leasing body-worn cameras and re-quires privacy study. I thank Senators S
CHATZ and P AUL for introducing this 
legislation as the CAMERA Act, S. 877. 
The second title involves voting 
rights reform and civil rights restora-tion. It includes the text from my leg-islation, S. 772, the Democracy Res-toration Act. 
My legislation will restore voting 
privileges for those who have com-pleted their prison terms. I know I have support on both sides of the aisle. We have had a vote on this, and a near majority have agreed on it. Those who opposed it said it was on the wrong bill. Well, let’s move it forward. 
Once individuals have completed 
their sentencing, they should be wel-comed back to our community so that they can be productive, law-abiding citizens, so they know they have be-come part of our community and they believe they have a future. 
They should be able to serve on our 
juries. There is not a person in the Sen-ate who didn’t have a second chance sometime in their life. We should look at second-chance opportunities. In part our legislation provides additional funding for second-chance type pro-grams that would employ those who have had criminal convictions. We also have the sense of Congress to end ‘‘check-the-box’’ so that in Federal contracts all persons have an oppor-tunity to participate. 
The third title deals with sentencing 
reform. I have spoken to some of my colleagues about some of the sen-tencing guidelines we have in this country. We need to take a look at our criminal justice system and the sen-tencing guidelines to recognize that if a person is of a certain race, a certain religion or ethnic background, that person is much more likely to end up in prison today even though the in-stance of violating the laws are not dif-ferent in that community than in other communities in the country. We have to deal with it. The country has to deal with it. 
The fourth title of the bill—the last 
title—deals with the reentry programs that I have already talked about. We need to finance those. 
It may take time for Baltimore to re-
cover fully from the damage done to its business and national image by the tragic events following the recent death of Freddie Gray, but this great city will come back. I am optimistic when it comes to Baltimore’s future. From its earliest days, Baltimore’s in-dustrial and financial business sectors have proven themselves resilient and innovative, and these same qualities will be vital in the days ahead. 
I am confident that together we can 
find ways to help Baltimore recover and grow all sectors of its diverse econ-omy, spurring community improve-ments along way. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:30 Jun 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.024 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4628 June 25, 2015 
We also need to have a serious discus-
sion about sentencing reform and find-ing ways to restore the lost trust be-tween law enforcement and the com-munities they serve. The BALTIMORE Act will allow us to move decisively in that direction by ending racial profiling, increasing accountability, collecting critical crime data such as officer-related shootings, and providing real strategies and resources to strengthen police-community rela-tions. These measures will help protect the rights of every American on every side of our justice system. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority whip. 
f 
OBAMACARE 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, 
when I have constituents come to Washington, DC, I typically will de-scribe this as being a little bit like Disneyland. It is a lot of fun to visit, with a lot of excitement. A lot of things happening here, but it is not real. It is not real. 
What I mean by that is that what is 
real are the lives that are lived by the average American families all across this country, whether it is Nebraska, Texas or elsewhere and the struggles they have trying to raise their chil-dren, trying to get a good education, trying to keep a job—to keep a job that has good wages and one that hopefully grows over time. But in Washington, the focus is typically on winners and losers—winners and losers. If you look at almost any newspaper each week in Washington, they will talk about the winners and the losers. Usually, they are talking about political figures such as the President of the United States. 
So I just happened to catch one head-
line that talked about the President being the biggest winner of the week in Washington, DC. 
Why? Well, one is because of the 
trade promotion authority legislation that we passed that we worked with the President on. That happened to be a subject that I agreed with the Presi-dent on—the importance of opening new markets to the things that we grow, the livestock we raise, and the manufactured goods we make. Hope-fully, we will be able to enter into a good deal on the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship, opening up 40 percent of the world’s economy in Asia to the new markets for the things that we make, grow, and the livestock we raise. 
So that happened to be a subject on 
which I agreed with the President. He had more problems with his own party. We got 13 Senate Democrats to join us in passing this legislation, but we got it done. I think in that instance— maybe you could call the President a winner if you want—you could say that the American people were the winner, and I think that would be accurate too. 
But on the loser’s side of the ledger, 
we had a disappointing decision by the U.S. Supreme Court today, where they ignored the clear language that Con-
gress wrote when the Affordable Care Act was passed in March of 2010. Even worse, while the press may consider that this represents a win for the President, there is no question in my mind that the vast majority of the American people are the losers as a re-sult of this decision. The fact is that ObamaCare has been a disaster for mil-lions of hard-working families, and it was really sold under false pretenses. 
The President said: If you like your 
doctor, you can keep your doctor. 
Well, that ended up not being true. If you like your policy, you can keep 
your policy. 
Well, that ended up not being true for 
roughly 5 million people who lost their insurance coverage that they liked be-cause the law said they couldn’t keep it anymore. 
Then there was the fact that the 
President said this: Prices of health coverage for an average family will come down $2,500. 
None of those proved to be true. 
So despite the Supreme Court’s dis-
appointing decision, I will not stand down in my opposition to this bad law, because I know we can do better. I look forward to working with our colleagues to eventually protect the American people from the harmful effects of ObamaCare and get the American peo-ple what they thought they were going to get out of health care reform in the first place—coverage they wanted at a price they could afford, neither one of which is delivered under ObamaCare. 
f 
WORKING TOGETHER IN THE 
SENATE 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, as I 
indicated initially, this Congress—and particularly the Senate—has had an unusually productive period of time of late. It may be hard for some people to believe, but the most common word I heard used to describe Congress last year, and in recent years, has been ‘‘dysfunctional.’’ But we have actually been functioning very well. We have been able to accomplish quite a bit. 
Today the Senate is marked by some-
thing that we refer to as regular order. What does that mean? It means that we operate according to the rules, where not only the majority but also the minority get to participate in the process, both at committees and on the floor of the Senate. If anybody has a good idea, they can offer that idea, and they can actually get a vote on it up or down. 
I was pleased to read in the Wall 
Street Journal yesterday that two former Republican majority leaders wrote that they were encouraged to see ‘‘the Senate addressing big problems after years of inaction.’’ I couldn’t agree more. 
Bringing the amendment process 
back is one obvious way we have done so under the new majority after years of inaction. Now that may sound like inside baseball or just talking about procedure, but by allowing Members of 
both parties—the minority and the ma-jority—to offer their ideas on legisla-tion, we have restored the ability of all Members of the Senate, as elected rep-resentatives of the people, to cast our votes on numerous issues that affect all of our constituents and the country. 
But restoring such a simple process, 
one that had been largely absent dur-ing the years the minority leader held the reins, represents a real sign of progress. 
At the beginning of this year, it was 
reported that just 3 weeks into the new Senate, we had voted on more amend-ments than the minority leader had al-lowed during the last year in its en-tirety. Let me say that again, because it is pretty shocking. In the first 3 weeks of this year, we had voted on more amendments than the minority leader—when he was majority leader— allowed in the entire previous year. 
Well, it would mean nothing if it 
didn’t reflect the core philosophy of the new leadership of this Chamber. In other words, our successes on amend-ment votes didn’t stop after our first month in the new Congress. I am now proud to say that voting is now the norm, instead of the exception to the rule. 
What did our constituents send us 
here to do, if not to vote? During the last 6 months, the Senate has voted on 136 amendments in legislation, com-pared to just 15 last year. We are work-ing for the American people, and, more importantly, the Congress is now work-ing on their behalf and actually begin-ning to solve real problems that have lingered for years. 
But we have done more than just 
allow amendments and votes on amendments. During the last few months, we have passed more than 40 bipartisan bills. Now, if anybody has been here for very long, one of the things they learned, perhaps to their chagrin, is that you can’t do anything around here on a purely partisan basis. You just don’t have the numbers to do it—with some notable exceptions. But we passed more than 40 bipartisan bills, and we have seen 18 of those already signed into law by the President. 
This includes important legislation 
that I am very proud of called the Jus-tice for Victims of Trafficking Act, which passed this Chamber 99 to 0 and is focused on making sure we help the victims of modern-day slavery recover and rebuild their lives and making sure that these women, typically teenage girls, are treated as victims and not criminals. 
We have also passed other important 
legislation, such as the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act. This law will give Congress the time and space to closely scrutinize any deal that the President negotiates with Iran con-cerning its pursuit of nuclear weapons. In so doing, we will make sure that the American people, through their elected representatives, can voice their opin-ions on what could be a bad deal that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:30 Jun 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.028 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4629 June 25, 2015 
could jeopardize our national security 
and that of our allies, such as the na-tion of Israel. 
Then there is the National Defense 
Authorization Act, which was passed this last week and which will provide our men and women in uniform the au-thorities and the resources they need to protect and defend our Nation against rising threats around the world. 
And, as I mentioned at the beginning, 
just yesterday we passed trade pro-motion authority, which will soon be heading to the President’s desk. It pro-vides Texas farmers, ranchers, and small businesses the opportunity to find new markets around the world through pending and future trade agreements. 
We also see significant progress in 
many other bills that the Senate may soon consider, bills that our committee chairs have been tirelessly moving for-ward. This includes more than 110 bills that have been reported out of com-mittee and legislation such as the PATENT Act, a bill I have been very involved in, which helps startups and small businesses that are too often wasting their time and money fighting costly, frivolous litigation. 
It is good to see that the Senate is 
back working for the American people, and it is my hope that we can, on a bi-partisan basis, continue to build on our strong record so far this Congress and to continue to work productively, where we can, to serve those who elect-ed us. 
The Senate is starting to build some 
momentum. With several appropria-tions bills looming, we need to keep getting things done and to continue providing real solutions to the prob-lems it faces. 
Although my friends across the aisle 
suggested that they will launch a fili-buster summer, I would like to stress that would undercut the good progress and the productivity we have dem-onstrated so far, and it would also frus-trate the American people and only harm those whom we are sent here to represent, not the least of which are our troops and veterans. 
So let’s do away with this irrespon-
sible idea of a filibuster summer, and let’s work together to try to do the Na-tion’s business. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, 
I wish to say a couple of things before I speak to the issue that brought me to the floor today. 
I have been listening to our leader 
from Texas talk about so many of the advances we have seen in the Senate this session. I think it is important to acknowledge and note that we are making progress. Often we get labeled in the media for being that ‘‘do-noth-ing Congress,’’ that entity which is just engaged in loggerheads and deadlock. But I think the truth is and the facts on the ground are that we are seeing substantive legislation passed, just as 
the Senator from Texas has noted. 
I was pleased to lead off the Senate 
with the first bill on the floor in this Congress—the Keystone XL Pipeline. It was good to be back at work in a body that was entertaining amendments from both sides and offered by my col-leagues without any direction or dicta-tion from the majority side—an oppor-tunity for the give-and-take that comes with not only good debate but not knowing whether your amendment is going to pass or fail. That is how the legislative process works. 
The occupant of the Chair is a former 
member of a State body, as am I. We know that is how you build legislation, the good, constructive back-and-forth. We saw that with the Keystone XL de-bate. We moved that through both bod-ies. The President chose to veto it. I think it is a mistake on his part. I would like to see us resolve that even-tually. But I do think it reflects the way that we as a Chamber can work and the way a constructive majority can work. So I applaud the leadership of the majority in getting us to this point and through some very difficult issues. We are going to have some good things coming up, and I look forward to further engaging in debate on those. 
f 
FIRES IN ALASKA 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, 
I want to mention very quickly what is on the front page of my newspapers in the State of Alaska this week and has been for a couple of weeks now. Our fire season started very early and with an intensity that has really attracted concern not only within the State but outside the State. Currently, we have about 545 fires that have begun within the State, both in the interior, where we traditionally see them, but also down in Southcentral, fires that have taken homes and properties. 
In the first part of the fire season, 
there was a great deal of attention on the community of Willow, an area that hosts the homes of many of our famous and our infamous dog mushers, mushers who mush along the Iditarod Trail and other parts. The articles have been about the dislocation of not only the mushers who have lost their homes but also trying to find places for up to 600 sled dogs for temporary relocation. 
So there has been a great deal of con-
cern about the fire status in Alaska. As I mentioned, 545 fires have burned, 427,881 acres as of yesterday evening. That is a significant total. It is a very significant total, but it is pretty small in comparison to where we were in 2004 when we saw almost 5 million acres burn. In 2004, 4.7 million acres burned, and in 2005, we had 2.2 million acres. 
We are hopeful that the weather is 
going to change and that we will get on top of this. But when I was home in Fairbanks in the interior on Saturday, on Saturday alone we saw 6,500 light-ning strikes at a time and a place where it is very dry in the interior and has been for some time. So fire danger 
is very real. 
My point this morning is not to give 
the weather report but to acknowledge publicly the efforts of the men and women who have been engaged so bravely and so heroically in fighting these wildland fires, fighting these fires all over the State in extreme con-ditions, in difficult conditions where wind can come in at the last minute and change the direction of the fires and not only threaten the property but the safety of our firefighters. 
Right now, we have about 3,300 fire 
personnel in the State of Alaska. About 2,200 of them are fighting fires on the ground. Over 1,000 of these are men and women from Alaska. Many of them are hotshots and are firefighters from the villages who have a great deal of expertise, but we also rely on many who come from the lower 48 to assist us during this time of our wildfires. We thank them and we pray for their safe-ty and for those who have been left homeless, whose property has been damaged, whose lives have been upend-ed by these very difficult fires. Know that our hearts go out to you, and whatever efforts we are able to provide for assistance, we stand ready to do so. And a very heartfelt thank-you to those who are fighting these fires. 
f 
EPA RULE ON WATERS OF THE 
UNITED STATES 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, 
I came to the floor today to speak about an issue—a regulation that has raised a level of concern and con-troversy in my State of Alaska like no other we have seen in a long time, and this is in regard to the EPA and the Army Corps of Engineers and their re-lease of a final version of a rule that significantly increases the ability of these agencies to regulate more of our land and our water. I am speaking spe-cifically to the rule that expands the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Clean Water Act. 
Coming from the State of Nebraska, 
an agriculture State, I am sure the Presiding Officer has heard concerns from constituents and farmers about the expansion of this definition and what it may mean to our economies. 
The EPA claims this rule—and we 
lovingly refer to it as WOTUS—is a clarification to provide certainty and predictability as to where clean air permits are required. But the view of so many Alaskans—and really the view around the country—is that this rule is far beyond a simple clarification be-cause it substantially increases EPA’s regulatory reach. It will subject count-less new projects to permitting require-ments that will be difficult to satisfy, increasing cost and certainly increas-ing project delays. 
The application of the WOTUS in 
Alaska is expansive and it is negative. It is something I have described as a showstopper in the past, and none of the changes in the final rule alter that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.029 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4630 June 25, 2015 
description. If anything, they just 
serve to reinforce it. The rule really was a showstopper when it was drafted, and it remains at least as bad and dam-aging today. 
According to the U.S. Fish and Wild-
life Service, there are more than 174 million acres in Alaska that are wet-lands. There are 174 million acres in the State that are considered wetlands, so compare this: The entire State of Texas is 172 million acres. Everyone in the lower 48 thinks Texas is a pretty big State. My friend J
OHNCORNYN was 
here earlier. Texas has 172 million acres. In Alaska, we have 174 million acres of wetlands. So take the whole State of Texas and turn it into wet-lands, and that is what we are looking at in Alaska. 
Look at this map for a little bit of 
context. Under the old rule, 43.3 per-cent of Alaska’s surface is considered wetlands compared to about 5.2 percent of the surface area in the lower 48. This map is pulled from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service’s wetlands finder Web site. It may be difficult to see, but these areas in the brighter green are all the wetlands. The area of south-eastern Alaska, where I was born and raised, is entirely wetlands. The entire southeastern part of the State is wet-lands—in Fairbanks, in the interior area, Southcentral, all around Prince William Sound, all the southwest. 
But I think it is important to note 
that this Web site which Fish and Wild-life has is lacking data for a significant part of Alaska, and so the map is effec-tively incomplete. The last study con-ducted by the Service on the status of wetlands in the State was done back in 1994, which really puts it out of date. It doesn’t take into account the recent Supreme Court decisions of Rapanos and SWANCC. So we have another map here that I think is instructive to look at as well. 
This map is pulled from a study by 
the University of Michigan and the Jet Propulsion Laboratory at the Cali-fornia Institute of Technology. In this map, they use L-band radar satellite imagery. It probably produces a more complete and accurate view of the wet-lands in the State. Again, we see all of these areas that are considered wet-lands, but, in effect, more parts of the State are considered wetlands or viewed as wetlands than not. 
So what we have between these two 
maps—between what Fish and Wildlife has done and what the University of Michigan and the California Institute of Technology has done—are some dis-crepancies, but it illustrates the prob-lem. The problem is that nobody really knows what will be considered wet-lands by the EPA and by the Corps, and if the new rule takes effect, that prob-lem will only be compounded because it declares that any water or wetland within 4,000 feet of a ‘‘categorically ju-risdictional water’’ will now be subject to this ‘‘significant nexus’’ analysis. That analysis will include the entire water at issue even if only a tiny part of that lies within the 4,000-foot bound-
ary. 
If you are like most Americans, you 
probably and understandably have no idea how to define a categorically ju-risdictional water. You probably don’t have any interest in learning how to define it. But what you may soon find is that it is going to impact you be-cause it will include all waters used or susceptible to use in interstate com-merce, all interstate waters, the terri-torial seas, all tributaries to those bod-ies of waters, and all waters adjacent to all those other enumerated waters. That is a lot of water. 
Again, you probably and understand-
ably aren’t familiar with this signifi-cant nexus analysis, either. I mean, really, what does that mean? Here is a way to help put it into context. If you have a 500-acre plot of land and within that 500 acres you have 10 square feet that are within 4,000 feet of any juris-dictional water, your entire parcel— the whole 500-acre plot—will now be evaluated as a whole. Even though the area we are talking about where there are wetlands is like 10 square feet out of 500 acres, the whole thing is consid-ered as a whole. The significant nexus analysis must include all similarly sit-uated waters. So, again, you will have a situation where EPA and the Corps are going to interpret broadly. 
What does all this mean in terms of 
application? It is interesting, looking at maps and having this discussion about categorically jurisdictional waters and significant nexus, but let’s take a specific example. 
Take the community of Fairbanks, 
where I spent a lot of time growing up. Fairbanks is in a valley, it is in the Tanana Valley surrounded by a pretty large watershed. The Tanana River, Chena River, we have a situation in this area in Fairbanks where all of the wetlands in the basin have been de-clared similarly situated. What that means is that a landowner will be forced to prove that none of the wet-lands in the basin, as a whole, have a significant physical, chemical or bio-logical connection to either the Tanana or the Chena Rivers. That is practically an impossible hurdle. There are thousands of acres of wetlands in that basin that are now all effectively subject to jurisdiction under this new rule. Every single person who wants to do any sort of development in Alaska’s second-largest city will now be re-quired to get some form of a permit. This includes the guy who wants to build a cabin up on Chena Ridge or the small dredge operator out in the Goldstream Valley or the developer out in North Pole who wants to put in a new subdivision. To all of them: Go out and get your permit. 
The bureaucratic mess that is the 404 
permitting process has already held back crucial development within the State, and this new rule is only going to make things worse. Now, I wish to go further to the Fairbanks example and to tell the story of Richard Schok. He has a company called Flowline. He 
has been engaged in an ongoing battle with the Corps since May 21, 2008. That was the day Richard submitted a per-mit application to the Corps. It was a reapplication for a permit which had been granted back in 2003. We might think, OK, this is just a reapplication. This is a permit which has been in place now for 5 years. It should have been an easy matter. Instead, Richard is still fighting the Corps—this many years after, still fighting the Corps for a new permit. Since 2008, the Corps has connected the piece of property at issue to the Tanana River, the Chena River, and something known as Chan-nel B, which is a manmade waterway used for flood control purposes. 
The Agency’s first attempt to estab-
lish jurisdiction over his private land, which consists of 455 acres outside of Fairbanks, was through the Tanana River. They looked at it, and after ad-ministrative review, it was held there was no connection between the subject land and the Tanana. So we would have thought we were done with it. But, no, rather than just allow Mr. Schok to de-velop his private land, the Corps then switched theories on him and said: No, we think the land is connected to the Chena River instead. But then they went further than that. They settled on a third theory, and that was that the wetlands had a direct connection to Channel B. Channel B is over 2 miles away from Mr. Schok’s property via a small 20- to 50-foot-wide wetland arm, since Channel B drains into the Chena River. So when you are talking about a significant nexus, how remote could you possibly be. 
So there are a couple problems with 
this analysis. First, the strip of land they labeled as wetlands wasn’t wet-lands at all. People drive four-wheelers on it. You can walk on it in tennis shoes. Basically, this is the land they are describing as wetlands. The guy has taken a core sample here. It is muddy underneath, but effectively this is what is being considered the wetlands. Sec-ond, Channel B contributes less than 1 percent of the total flow to the Chena River. We would think that should not suffice for a finding of a significant nexus, but the Corps thinks it does. So to date, this permitting battle has cost Mr. Schok over $200,000, and that doesn’t count the 1,000 man-hours he and his staff have put into the project. All he is trying to do is move his busi-ness from its current location, which is limited in size, to this new piece of land—his private property—and open a new powder coating plant. The move would allow him to expand his oper-ations, employ more people, and con-tribute to the growth of Alaska. But since 2008, he can’t make it happen. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent to continue for an additional 4 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.033 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4631 June 25, 2015 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I also wish to 
speak to how the rule impacts the de-velopment of hydropower in the State of Alaska. We are looking to find en-ergy solutions, clean energy solutions. Hydropower is huge for us. Alaska has nearly 300 prime locations for hydrodevelopment, nearly 200 in South-east Alaska alone, but many of them require the construction of powerhouses or transmission lines that may rest on wetlands or cross wetlands as defined by the new rule—and that is a big problem. 
A good example of this is Crater 
Lake, a fishing community of Cordova, down in Prince William Sound. Crater Lake is at an elevation of 1,600 feet, straight up from the ocean. Cordova has been looking at this small hydro opportunity to advance their energy solutions. It is clean. It is renewable. It is carbon free. There are no fish issues. So this is perfect for them. Prior to WOTUS, it was anticipated that it would be about a 12- to 18-month proc-ess to permit this small hydroproject. What the Federal nexus WOTUS brings, this project is now likely to end up in the FERC process, and what was ex-pected to be about $150,000 to $200,000 in permitting costs is now looking to be closer to $1 million and take poten-tially 3 to 5 years. Think about it. For a small community like Cordova that is trying to find small energy solutions for this fishing community, these addi-tional costs are likely going to kill this small project. And what happens? The community continues providing their power by diesel, when we have a clean opportunity, but that opportunity is going to be suffocated by this rule. 
Most of coastal Alaska, with its rug-
ged mountains filled with rivulets and waters, will be subject to these case- by-case determinations. Simply per-forming the science and providing jus-tification to the EPA for these adja-cent water determinations will add cost to projects and likely delay any development as the determinations are litigated. 
If any projects do make it to the fin-
ish line, their higher costs under this rule will mean their electricity is ulti-mately less affordable for Alaskans. The costs we face when developing in Alaska are already steep enough. They will be magnified and worsened by the final WOTUS rule. I am grateful to our colleagues on the EPW Committee, who recently reported out bipartisan legislation, which I cosponsored, which requires the agencies to develop a bet-ter rule. 
These two bills will help provide re-
lief to local governments. The Infra-structure Rehabilitation Act will allow the Secretary of the Army to waive the notice and comment period required by the Clean Water Act when a natural disaster has damaged critical infra-structure and a local government needs to rebuild. 
We also have the Mitigation Facilita-
tion Act, which will allow the Sec-retary to provide loans to local govern-ments in order to ease the burden cre-
ated by 404 permits and the over-reaching scope of the new WOTUS rule. If the Federal Government is going to require hugely burdensome and expen-sive mitigation projects, effectively an unfunded mandate, the government should assist municipalities by pro-viding loans and loan guarantees to small local entities. So I have intro-duced these two bills and am looking 
forward to having them move forward, in addition to what the EPW Com-mittee has done. 
Alaska will be the State most heav-
ily impacted just because of the nature of our wetlands. An analyst done by EPA and the Corps suggests that at the high end, the mitigation costs to Alas-ka could be $55,000 per acre—$55,000 an acre. With 43 percent of our land re-quiring mitigation for any sort of de-velopment, these costs will halt many development projects. And when com-bined with the cost of even getting a permit, which averages about $270,000, economic development will be seem-ingly impossible in many parts of the State. 
But it goes further than that because 
EPA can also issue civil penalties for violations of a permit or for failing to have a permit when it thinks you should have one. These penalties can be assessed at a rate of up to $37,500 per day and doubled if the person being fined has been issued an administrative compliance order and EPA decides there has been a violation of that order. The threat of these penalties is another cost that people have to take into account when they are developing property. 
There are so many places in Alaska 
that are more than 4,000 feet away from some kind of water. We are close to water. We are close to water every-where. We have too many rivers, too many lakes, too many wetlands. We love them all. But we are the only State that has permafrost, and we have no idea at this point in time whether or not, and under what circumstances, these areas might be regulated. We have incredible uncertainty working against. 
The bottom line is that the new 
WOTUS rule will have results that in many cases will just be absurd in Alas-ka and add significant, significant costs. For us, this rule is the equiva-lent of the Roadless Rule that killed off logging in the Tongass National Forest, ending hundreds of jobs. 
I know this is an issue that many of 
us in this body care about, many of us in this country care about. It speaks to what we see when we have agencies that go beyond their jurisdictional au-thority, that go beyond the scope of the laws that were passed with good in-tentions. I want us to get back to that place of laws that allow us to have clean air, clean water. But when we see interpretations like we have with this, it is time to stop them. 
Madam President, I thank my col-
league for the indulgence of some addi-tional time. I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey. 
f 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN 
Mr. BOOKER. Madam President, I 
rise as negotiations between the P5+1 nations and Iran enter their final phase. The President deserves our thanks for his commitment to elimi-nating the nuclear threat we face from Iran, and we owe the negotiating team our gratitude for their tireless and on-going work to achieve a meaningful deal. 
For decades, Iran has posed a serious, 
real, and ongoing threat to the U.S. na-tional security interests. Iran’s pursuit of its hegemonic ambitions in the Mid-dle East has manifested in the training and arming of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad’s forces and terrorist organi-zations such as Hezbollah. More re-cently, Iran’s increased intervention in the conflicts in Yemen and Iraq pose dangerous and unpredictable regional consequences. Iran’s Ayatollah Khamenei continues his horrific and unacceptable calls for the destruction of the State of Israel and has not yet come clean about the dimensions of Iran’s nuclear program. 
The stakes of these nuclear negotia-
tions clearly could not be higher. Noth-ing less than the peace and security of the Middle East hangs in the balance. 
The Iran Nuclear Agreement Review 
Act, the hard-fought legislation crafted by Senators B
OBCORKER , BENCARDIN , 
and New Jersey’s own Senator M ENEN -
DEZ—of which I am a cosponsor—sets 
up a clear and constructive process for Congress to weigh in on any final deal that touches upon the statutory sanc-tions Congress has enacted. 
With just days remaining before a 
final deadline, Congress must continue to voice its concerns and exercise its oversight authority. To me, this role is at the bedrock of our role, and Con-gress must play its role. As my senior Senator, Senator M
ENENDEZ , has stat-
ed: If the interim period is just a short- term pause that preserves for Iran the ability to quickly restart its nuclear program, we will have failed the Amer-ican people, and we will have our allies and friends to whom we have vowed to protect from Iranian aggressions. 
Any final agreement must build in 
the ability to hold Iran to its commit-ments and to prevent the absolute nightmare of a nuclear Iran from being realized. 
My intent today is to ensure that the 
administration, which has worked tire-lessly to prevent Iran from gaining ac-cess to a nuclear weapon, has the best possible chance of success once the final agreement reaches Congress. The framework agreement released on April 2, 2015, leaves gaps, some of which I would like to spend a few moments highlighting today. 
First, a robust and comprehensive in-
spections and verification regime must be the foundation of any deal that is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.035 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4632 June 25, 2015 
reached. With Iran’s known enrichment 
facilities at Natanz and Fordow, as well as a heavy water reactor at Arak, under international oversight, the country’s leaders would almost cer-tainly look elsewhere to conduct any secret nuclear work. 
Iran, of course, denies any desire to 
build a bomb, but distrust of Iran is based on deep historical precedence. Iran secretly built and operated Natanz and Fordow, and they still haven’t come clean about their past military nuclear activities at Parchin. There-fore, ensuring a robust inspections re-gime is critical for my support of a final deal. 
The Joint Comprehensive Plan of Ac-
tion—JCPOA—fact sheet released on April 2 stated that Iran will be required to grant access to the IAEA to inves-tigate suspicious sites or allegations of covert facilities anywhere in the coun-try. 
It was hoped that rapid inspections 
would underwrite the verifiability of the agreement, so if Iran were sus-pected of violating the agreement, the IAEA would have access to those sus-pected sites. 
According to the latest reports, the 
IAEA would have the ability to inves-tigate undeclared sites; however, Iran would still be able to dispute those re-quests in an international forum made up of five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council—the United States, Britain, France, Russia, and China—plus Germany, the EU, and Iran. As we look forward to examining the contours of an inspection regime, we must be wary of any proposal that allows Iran to jam up the IAEA and the dispute resolution process, while re-moving any evidence of violations that are occurring. 
Our negotiators should expect ques-
tions from this Chamber: Are there clear loopholes for cheating? Does the administration have high confidence that Iran is not making bomb material at its declared nuclear facilities and that the inspectors are able to detect clandestine facilities? 
Our standard will be an arrangement 
that prevents Iran from dodging or hid-ing from an inspections regime. Our in-telligence, together with enhanced in-spections, must be able to ensure that the United States will catch Iran if it takes the risk of pursuing a secret pathway to nuclear weapons and pur-suing secret nuclear activities. 
Let’s not forget that Iran has a dis-
mal record of compliance with its international obligations. Iran has a 30-year record of cheating on the non-proliferation treaty—30 years of cheat-ing. Iran has a 30-year record of cheat-ing, but already the Ayatollah stated that Iran will not allow inspections at military sites today. Khamenei is al-ready backtracking on major commit-ments agreed to by negotiators on all sides. 
This is a serious issue, and in my 
opinion, it is a clear ploy by Iran to frustrate the negotiations and move the goalpost on these negotiations. 
Even more so, understanding the his-tory, this reinforces how much we don’t know about the military dimen-sion of Iran’s past activities. We have no baseline for monitoring Iran moving forward without an understanding of what has been sought in the past. 
This is not new. The IAEA has raised 
these concerns. The April 2 JCPOA says: ‘‘Iran will implement an agreed set of measures to address the IAEA’s concerns regarding the past military dimensions of its program.’’ 
Secretary Kerry stated in April that 
past military dimensions ‘‘will be part of a final agreement. If there’s going to be a deal, it will be done.’’ I applaud the Secretary’s commitment to ensur-ing that the Iranians’ past behavior will play a clear role in the ongoing ne-gotiations. 
We know that in this Chamber, my 
colleagues will examine this closely. We will also examine timelines. In the best-case scenario, for 10 to 15 years, Iran will limit its research and devel-opment, limit its domestic enrichment capacity, will not build new enrich-ment facilities or heavy water reac-tors, will limit its stockpile of enriched uranium, and will accept enhanced transparency measures. After 15 years, when it is allowed under the terms of the agreement to build its stockpile, it will only be able to do so for peaceful purposes. 
But I believe we have to be clear- 
eyed about the other scenario, which is that after 10 to 15 years—a blip in time for a regime that has been under sanc-tions for decades—Iran ramps up its re-search and development efforts on ad-vanced centrifuges, installs these cen-trifuges, and decides to break out. 
Would this deal enhance the intel-
ligence picture of Iran’s nuclear capa-bility? That is an important question. If so, would it adequately inform our military options should Iran attempt that breakout? 
Are there assumptions being made 
that in the short term Iran may under-go internal political changes that will make them more favorable to the West? Are we assuming that in making this deal? Relying on such assumptions would be a dangerous gamble. There are no assurances about what the fu-ture state of their regime will be. 
Finally, Congress must be clear that 
this deal must not only be credible to Congress, but it must also satisfy Iran’s neighbors that have much to gain from an Iran that follows estab-lished international norms and far too much to lose if we allow a deal that leaves Iran’s neighbors vulnerable to reckless rhetoric and aggression. If other countries believe we have wavered in our resolve to get the strongest possible deal, it will be very difficult to discourage other countries from developing or pursuing a weapon. This could lead to proliferation, and such proliferation would be cata-strophic. It would be a catastrophic blow to an already unstable and unpre-dictable region. This is not an abstract 
concern; Iran’s neighbors are watching these negotiations carefully. 
While I sincerely hope that in 50 
years future Senators will discuss how the United States did what no other nation was able to do—build a com-prehensive sanctions regime that brought Iran to the negotiating table, neutralized the threat of nuclear pro-liferation in the Middle East, and suc-ceeded in putting an end to dangerous calls for the destruction of Israel—suc-cess is not certain. Success is not an inevitability. 
I will not judge this deal before I see 
a final agreement. I encourage my col-leagues to read the final text, as I am sure they will, before making judg-ments about the deal. We need to see what is in it. 
Under the Joint Plan of Action, we 
have seen unprecedented inspections of Iran’s nuclear infrastructure take hold. Iran’s enriched stockpile has shrunk. There are limitations on their enrich-ment processes. Enrichment has been confined to one facility. This is progress. It is my hope that the nego-tiators are building upon this progress and working toward a comprehensive final deal. There is much at stake. The bar is set high—as it should be—for a deal, and the questions I have raised are among the many that will be asked and that must be asked as we examine a final deal in the coming weeks. 
f 
THANKING SENATE PAGES 
Mr. BOOKER. Madam President, if I 
may take one more moment, today, as I understand, or tomorrow is the last day for this group of pages to be here with us. 
I have been in this Senate now a lit-
tle bit longer than this group of pages—about 20 months now. We see these groups of pages, and it is extraor-dinary to see young people come from all over America. Some of them may go on to government, but most of them will go on to do other things. We see them come into this Chamber and con-tinue a tradition that has been going on for decades. They come and they go. But I want everyone to know that they 
really do enrich our experience here as Senators, and they help the staff do in-valuable work for the operations of the Senate. They may be viewed as the lowest on the totem pole in this insti-tution, but their value and the legacy they are continuing is a noble one. 
Today, on the penultimate day of 
this group of pages, I wish to offer them my gratitude for their service to our country. 
Thank you. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
ASSE). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.036 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4633 June 25, 2015 
KING V. BURWELL DECISION 
Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, today’s de-
cision in King v. Burwell is judicial ac-tivism, plain and simple. For the sec-ond time in just a few years, a handful of unelected judges has rewritten the text of ObamaCare in order to impose that failed law upon millions of Ameri-cans. The first time, the Court ignored Federal law and magically transformed a statutory ‘‘penalty’’ into a ‘‘tax.’’ Today, these robed Houdinis have transmogrified a ‘‘Federal exchange’’ into an exchange ‘‘established by the State.’’ This is lawless. 
As Justice Scalia rightfully put it, 
‘‘Words no longer have meaning if an exchange that is not established by a State is ‘established by the State.’’’ Justice Scalia continues: ‘‘We should start calling this law SCOTUScare.’’ I agree. 
If this were a bankruptcy case or any 
other case of ordinary statutory inter-pretation, the results would have been 9 to 0, with the Court unanimously re-versing the Obama administration’s il-legal actions. But instead, politics in-tervened. For nakedly political rea-sons, the Supreme Court willfully ig-nored the words that Congress wrote, and instead read into the law their pre-ferred policy outcome. These Justices have joined with President Obama in harming millions of Americans. Unelected judges have once again be-come legislators—and bad ones at that. They are lawless, and they hide their prevarication in legalese. Our govern-ment was designed to be one of laws, not of men, and this transparent dis-tortion is disgraceful. 
These Justices are not behaving as 
umpires calling balls and strikes. They have joined a team, and it is a team 
that is hurting Americans across this country. ObamaCare is the biggest job killer in America. Millions of Ameri-cans have lost their jobs, have been forced into part-time work, have lost their health insurance, have lost their doctors. Millions of Americans have seen their health insurance premiums skyrocket, and it is a direct result of President Obama, of Democrats in the Congress, and of lawless Justices at the U.S. Supreme Court who have joined the team of the Obama administration. If those Justices want to become legis-lators, I invite them to resign and run for office. That is the appropriate place to write laws—on this floor, not from that courtroom. 
I began my career as a law clerk of 
the U.S. Supreme Court, clerking for Chief Justice William Rehnquist, one of the greatest Chief Justices ever to serve our Nation. I have spent the ma-jority of my adult life litigating before the U.S. Supreme Court, both on behalf of the State of Texas and on behalf of private parties. What this Court has become is heartbreaking. If Chief Jus-tice Rehnquist could see this Court today, he would be filled with sorrow at what has become of the Supreme Court of the United States. 
The obligation of fidelity to the Con-
stitution and fidelity to law matters. We are not living in a platonic oligar-
chy with philosopher kings governing us who believe they get to write the laws, interpret the laws, and enforce the laws. That is not the American sys-tem of governance. 
At the same time, crocodile tears are 
flowing here in our Nation’s Capital over the Supreme Court’s decision to illegally rewrite ObamaCare, which has been a disaster since its inception. But one day of faux outrage from the Wash-ington cartel won’t fool the millions of courageous conservatives all across our country. They know that far too many career politicians—Democrats and Re-publicans—in this Nation’s Capital are quietly celebrating the Court’s deci-sion. If they believe this issue is now settled so they don’t have to address it, they are sorely mistaken. 
I have made repeal of this disastrous 
law a top priority since the very first day I entered into this body, and I have made its repeal central to my tenure in office. Republicans all across the coun-try, including my friend the Presiding Officer, campaigned on repealing this law and were elected in a historic tidal wave year—historic majorities in both Chambers of this Congress and in state-houses all across the country. It is now up to us to keep our promises. 
I believe 2016 will be a national ref-
erendum on repealing ObamaCare. This law is profoundly unpopular. It is un-popular with Republicans, it is unpopu-lar with Independents, it is unpopular with Democrats, it is unpopular with young people, it is unpopular with His-panics, and it is unpopular with every-body it has hurt, and there are millions being hurt by this law. 
The Court adopted and put its stamp 
of approval on the IRS’s blatantly un-lawful reading of the statute to make subsidies and taxes applicable to indi-viduals on Federal exchanges when Congress explicitly provided the oppo-site. Jonathan Gruber famously said Obamacare was built on exploiting the stupidity of the American people. Well, unfortunately the Supreme Court is now complicit in that deception. The Supreme Court has joined President Obama, whose statement ‘‘if you like your health insurance plan, you can keep your health insurance plan’’ was rightfully noted as the lie of the year as millions of Americans lost their doc-tors. Now those rogue Justices are complicit in that lie, in setting aside their oath of office to lie to the Amer-ican people. 
After today’s ruling, ObamaCare will 
now be responsible for imposing illegal taxes on more than 11 million individ-uals and for burdening hundreds of thousands of businesses with illegal penalties on their workers, killing jobs and further slowing economic growth. 
You are a young person right now. 
You come out of school. You have stu-dent loans up to your eyeballs. You are struggling. You don’t know if you are going to get a job. The dismal Obama economy means your future is bleak. You have no hope or optimism of actu-ally getting a career, getting skills, 
moving towards the American dream. Well, today the U.S. Supreme Court has joined arm in arm with President Obama and the IRS in illegally impos-ing taxes on you—you, that young per-son starting your career, struggling to make your student loan payments. 
Working as a part-time employee 
making coffee doesn’t pay those pay-ments, and yet you are stuck with the individual mandate, which is a tax, so says the Supreme Court and so the Obama Justice Department argued. Right after President Obama told the American people it wasn’t a tax, the Obama Justice Department said yes, it is a tax. The Supreme Court agreed. You, the single person, the single mom trying to feed your kids, are paying an illegal tax because of the lies ema-nating from Washington, DC. 
You, the teenage immigrant, as my 
father was 58 years ago, washing dishes, making 50 cents an hour—he couldn’t speak English, but he was filled with hopes and dreams. He was filled with an aspiration for the Amer-ican dream. Ours is the greatest Nation in the history of the world because peo-ple can start with nothing and achieve anything. That is the promise of Amer-ica. 
ObamaCare is strangling that prom-
ise. You, the teen, are paying illegal taxes right now today because of Presi-dent Obama’s deception, because of the IRS’s lawlessness, and because of the Supreme Court’s judicial activism, vio-lating their oaths of office. 
I remain fully committed to repeal-
ing every single word of ObamaCare. Mark my words. Following the election in 2016, the referendum that we will have, in 2017, this Chamber will return and we will repeal every word of ObamaCare. We will bring back eco-nomic growth, we will bring back op-portunity, and then we will pass com-monsense health reform that makes health insurance personal, portable, and affordable and that keeps govern-ment from getting between us and our doctors. 
We will recognize that this horrible 
experiment has failed. When millions of Americans lose their jobs, are forced into part-time jobs, lose their health care, lose their doctors, when millions of Americans see their premiums sky-rocket, it is incumbent on Members of this body, it is incumbent on the Fed-eral Government to fix the wreckage they caused, to fix the wreckage the Supreme Court has now embraced law-lessly. 
We will repeal ObamaCare, and I will 
fight with every breath in my body to make sure that happens in 2017. 
I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.038 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4634 June 25, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, first 
I have to say that clearly there are two Americas on how we view health care, that is for sure, after hearing my col-league speak about the ‘‘disaster’’ of providing tens of millions of people health insurance, affordable health in-surance. 
Where I live in Michigan, it is great 
that families no longer have to put the kids to bed and then say a little pray-er: Dear God, don’t let the kids get sick. For millions of Americans, the Supreme Court decision has reaffirmed the fact that they will have that peace of mind. 
When Chief Justice Roberts, writing 
for the majority today, said ‘‘Congress passed the Affordable Care Act to im-prove health insurance markets, not destroy them,’’ I think he was abso-lutely right. I commend him and the majority—substantial majority—for understanding that in the competitive, private marketplace that we set up through insurance exchanges, we meant for all Americans to have the opportunity for the tax cuts that allow them to be able to purchase insurance, most people purchasing insurance for under $100 a month, which, contrary to destroying America, I think is making incredible differences in people’s lives and creating the opportunity going for-ward for a competitive marketplace for small business. 
Certainly now, I hope from here that 
we will go forward and stop all of the repeal discussions and get down to the business of improving health care be-cause I think there are still things we need to do. We need to look at how things are working and make sure things are going as well as possible, particularly with small businesses, and I feel we have some work to do. But it would be nice if we could get beyond the unfortunate commentary that has gone on for too long that somehow pro-viding affordable health insurance for Americans is going to be the end of our country. 
I certainly think that on something 
like health care, where nobody controls whether they get sick or mom and dad get sick or the kids get sick or their friends get sick—we are in a situation where our job is to figure out the best way to support people taking responsi-bility to purchase insurance and make sure that it is affordable, high quality, and low cost. And that is something which we—in the greatest country in the world, with all of the innovators, all of the smart people we have, the wonderful doctors, the wonderful hos-pital facilities we have, certainly we can do that. 
That is, in fact, what is happening 
through health reform. Right now, 16.4 million Americans who were without insurance before the Affordable Care Act now have the confidence and secu-rity of knowing they have health care coverage. Now, 6.4 million Americans, because of the Supreme Court decision, will be able to keep the tax credit. 
They are not going to see their taxes go up. They are going to be able to keep the tax credits that are going to allow them to make sure that insur-ance is affordable. That includes over 228,000 people in my home State of Michigan. That is a lot of people. 
What is also so incredibly important 
is that of those people who already have insurance—the majority of Amer-icans—they are having better opportu-nities to keep it, not be blocked, not be dropped, not have caps. 
Some 129 million Americans have 
preexisting conditions, whether it is di-abetes, juvenile diabetes, cancer. Col-leagues here have been in situations of announcing various kinds of cancer, diseases, and so on. Some 129 million Americans—including 17 million chil-dren—no longer have a risk of being de-nied coverage because of the insurance company being able to stop them if they have a preexisting condition. 
‘‘BEAT THE PRESS ’’ SOFTBALL GAME  
I was with a wonderful group of 
women from Congress—if I can just di-vert from that serious moment to say that last night we raised money for breast cancer survivors in a wonderful game between the press and the women Members of Congress. Despite both teams doing a great job—I was very im-pressed with both sides, but the great news is that the Congresswomen won. We called it ‘‘beat the press.’’ It was great. But what was most important last night was seeing all the breast cancer survivors who were there, women who had been able to get that checkup, been able to get that treat-ment, knowing that going forward, wherever they work—if they move from one job to another, if they change insurance, they are still going to be able to get the coverage they need. They are going to be able to get that mammogram with no copay as preven-tive health care. They are going to be able to get the care they need. If they need treatment, they are not going to arbitrarily have an insurance company come in and say ‘‘We don’t really care what your doctor says about how many sessions you need or radiation treat-ments. You get 10 and that is it’’ or ‘‘You get 5 and that is it’’ or whatever the number is. 
Mr. President, 129 million Americans 
with preexisting conditions today can breathe a sigh of relief because they are going to be able to continue to have the health insurance they need. Some 105 million Americans no longer have a lifetime cap on coverage, in-cluding mental health and substance abuse coverage, which is so very sig-nificant, and 76 million Americans with private coverage are eligible for ex-panded preventive services, such as mammograms and prostate screening. 
We all wish our wonderful friend and 
colleague Senator K
INGall the best as 
he gets his treatments next week. We know he will come back strong, as well as all of our colleagues who have been in similar situations. This is a big deal. This really is 
about saving lives. That is what this is all about. It is not a political game. It is not just going back and forth be-tween Republicans and Democrats. This is health. This is medical care. If you get that horrible diagnosis—you are sitting in a doctor’s office, and you are told you have cancer or a heart condition or any number of other things—you are going to be able to get medical care. 
We also know that consumers have 
saved $9 billion since 2011 because the law requires insurance companies to spend at least 80 cents on every dollar we give them on medical care. That was not always the case. You can get a rebate if they don’t. 
So I hope that at this moment in 
time, we will stop the efforts to repeal health reform. I know it is in the budg-et that passed. The Republican budg-et—House and Senate—sets up a proc-ess to be able to go back and one more time try to repeal health insurance for tens of millions of Americans. I hope we will not do that. I hope the other side will not do that. We certainly will not do that. I hope that, instead, we will get about the business of making sure it works as well as possible and that we are strengthening the quality measures, the opportunities for com-petition, and continuing to bring rates down. 
We know that if health reform is re-
pealed, it will increase deficits by hun-dreds of billions of dollars and cause 19 million Americans to lose their health insurance just next year, according to the budget office—19 million people— and 24 million people in the next few years. The Congressional Budget Office says that a repeal would result in a $353 billion increase in the budget. 
I congratulate the Supreme Court for 
common sense today and for under-standing what we meant, what legisla-tive intent was all about, and urge that we now decide we are going to work to-gether on health care moving forward. 
f 
HIGHWAY BILL 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I 
have one more topic I would like to speak about today, and that is the fact that we have a looming deadline. In 36 days, the highway trust fund is going to be at zero—empty. In 36 days as of today, if we do not act together, there will be a shutdown of the highway trust fund, which will have a ripple ef-fect through the entire economy and harm businesses and workers and fami-lies in every single one of our States coast to coast. The harm will be felt equally—Republicans, Democrats, Independents, people who don’t partici-pate in the political process, people who do. Everybody will suffer if we cannot come together and address the highway trust fund. If this happens, Congress fails in its responsibility. 
With all due respect, I have to say 
that it falls right on the majority be-cause we have been saying and will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.039 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4635 June 25, 2015 
continue to say that we want to work 
together on a bipartisan basis to get this done. 
There was a time when it was not a 
partisan issue, when Republicans were leaders on building our infrastructure. In fact, President Eisenhower said in 1952: ‘‘A network of modern roads is as necessary to our national defense as it is to our national economy and our personal safety.’’ 
What is interesting is that tomorrow 
is the day when it is 59 years—tomor-row, 59 years ago, Congress approved the Federal Highway Act, connecting all of our country for commerce, for farmers, for families. The rollcall, in-terestingly, was almost unanimous. Only one Senator voted no. Everybody else voted yes. Ninety-nine voted yes. Then it passed in the House on a voice vote. 
Think about all the discussions we 
are having today. The Federal Highway Act passed on a voice vote in the House. Only one person in the Senate voted no. It was signed by President Eisenhower 3 days later. It was the big-gest public works project in our Na-tion’s history. It could not have hap-pened if not for a triumph of biparti-sanship. A Republican President work-ing with a Democratic Congress got this done. 
When we look at who benefited from 
taking that dirt road, paving it, and being able to go across our country, it certainly was colleagues in the West, colleagues in the South. It wasn’t just the cities. In fact, they probably had roads already. It was everybody else, as we moved across the country. So this should not be regional. It should not be partisan. It doesn’t make any sense for us not to come together and get this done. 
Behind the teamwork at the time, 
after they worked together to pass this, construction began on a system of 40,000 miles of highways, enough to cir-cle the globe 1
1⁄2times. That is what 
was done when people worked together to build the strong infrastructure of the 20th century. 
It didn’t take long before the eco-
nomic impact was felt. By the late 1950s, our interstate highways were re-sponsible for 31 percent of the annual growth of the economy. Over 30 percent of the growth in the economy came from that one act, developing the infra-structure to move goods and services and people across our country. 
The people of this country were get-
ting to their destinations faster, more safely than ever before. Every rural 
community was flourishing just as our urban communities had been. 
Thanks to President Eisenhower’s 
leadership and a Democratic-controlled Congress, our roads in the mid-21st century were the envy of the world. Other nations noticed. Those nations aspired to be like us, to be like Amer-ica in a global economy. 
They now are making huge invest-
ments in their infrastructure, from China, at 9 percent of their GDP—four times more than we are—to Brazil. I have said before that when I was in 
China a couple of years ago, they rolled out 20 new international airports—20 international airports. That didn’t count anything else they were doing. 
In Brazil they rolled out for us—when 
I was there with the Secretary of Agri-culture—their new rail system and road system that was going to get agri-cultural commodities to the ports and move people around their country so they could move forward as a global, economic power. 
Today our European competitors 
spend twice as much as we do, and now it is time for America to step forward because, unfortunately, we are now playing catchup. The World Economic Forum’s Global Competitiveness Re-port for 2014 and 2015 ranks America 16th in the world in the quality of our roads. America is one spot behind Lux-embourg and just one spot ahead of Croatia, as I said before. Yay, we are beating Croatia. It is an embarrass-ment, and it is not what our people need or our businesses need or what our farmers need or what our workers need. 
In 2002, that same report had us at 
No. 5—the fifth best transportation system. Now we are 16th, and the American Society of Civil Engineers has given America a D. And how many of us would be satisfied if our children came home from school with a D? I know I wouldn’t be. 
It also said that 32 percent of Amer-
ica’s major roads are in poor or medi-ocre condition. We know what has hap-pened when bridges have fallen. We know what happens. I have seen it in Michigan and heard the stories of peo-ple driving under overpasses and ce-ment falls down on the car. People’s lives are threatened. People’s lives have been taken. 
Driving on bad roads costs motorists 
$109 billion in road repairs a year. I talked to one colleague who told me that he had to replace all four tires on his car when he went through one pot-hole not long ago, and that in the last year he had bought seven new tires for his car, which is way more than he would have been paying if we had cre-ated a way to fund our roads on a long- term basis that made sense. 
It is not right for Congress to neglect 
our responsibility to maintain and, in fact, strengthen our infrastructure. In fact, we, as individuals and business people driving on roads, driving across bridges, and moving across our coun-try, are paying for the fact that we have not come together with a long- 
term plan. We cannot expect our work-ers and companies to compete in the 21st century global marketplace if we are forced to use 20th century roads and bridges. 
So I would say, in conclusion, that 
we have 36 days left to act. Now, when we want to, we can act pretty quickly. 
I commend colleagues from the EPW 
Committee who have come forward with a 6-year bill. We have in front of us a policy passed by the committee. 
I congratulate Senator I
NHOFE and 
Senator B OXER for coming forward with a proposal that will increase the 
funding over time, and I believe and hope we will do it in an even more ro-bust way. They put forth policies that will, in the long term, create the eco-nomic stability for our businesses and the jobs for our workers and our fami-lies that they need. The DRIVE Act, as we call it, is an important step for-ward. I commend the chairman of the Finance Committee for holding hear-ings on how we finance that, because that is our responsibility. 
I say, again, we have enough time to 
get this done because President Eisen-hower, over 50 years ago tomorrow, with a Democratic Congress, got it done. Thirty-six days is enough time for us to meet the expectations of the American people on this issue. 
Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I have 
been interested in how the Democrats are constantly pushing to get moneys for the Federal highway system. All of us are. Every one of us in this body wants to do everything we can for the highway system. However, they are talking in such big terms that the only way you could possibly reach those kinds of moneys would be with further tax increases. 
Now, my experience here is that 
when our friends on the other side call for tax increases, it is so they can spend. Frankly, I would tell you, if we raised the amount of money they are asking for in tax increases, I could tell you all of the projects that are going to be done, and many of them are not the crucial projects in this country. 
All I can say is that we are going to 
try to find the moneys, but we don’t want to raise taxes, and we certainly don’t want to raise the gas tax at this time. We will find enough moneys to do, hopefully, a multiyear approach to-ward the highway plan. I am dedicated to try to find that way. 
The other committee, the Environ-
ment and Public Works Committee, is, I believe, the committee that has passed a bill calling for a 6-year high-way program. I hope that it would meet my highest goal, if we could do that, but I don’t think we would be able to do that under the current mon-etary and economic systems that we have today. 
But, nevertheless, I am going to do 
my best to try to help to get the high-way bill through and to do it the right way. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware. 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Senator H
ATCH be recognized following my re-
marks. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ALAN LEVIN 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, today I 
wish to honor someone I have had the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.040 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4636 June 25, 2015 
privilege of calling a friend for many 
years and who is retiring after serving the State of Delaware for the past 6 years, Alan Levin. Alan and I both had our first tours of duty in Washington working for the same Republican Sen-ator. I was an intern for Senator Wil-liam Roth in the early 1980s and Alan was his counsel in the mid-1980s. Alan, a well-known and respected statewide leader in Delaware’s Republican Party, has, since 2009, served as the director of the Delaware Economic Development Office, where he has worked every day to attract businesses to Delaware and to help them create good jobs in our communities. 
Alan took over at a time when com-
munities throughout Delaware were hemorrhaging jobs and feeling the very worst effects of the great recession. Today Delaware’s unemployment rate sits a full point below the national av-erage at 4.5 percent, in part thanks to the great effort of Alan Levin’s. 
During his tenure, Alan exemplified 
what it means to be a public servant. It didn’t matter to Alan if someone came to him who was thinking of starting a small business that would employ 4 people or if it was a company thinking of moving to Delaware and bringing 400 jobs. No matter what, if it was going to help Delaware, Alan was ready to meet with anyone and show them why there was no better place than the First State, our home State of Delaware, to run a business. 
Of course, Alan’s service to our State 
began well before 2009. Long a leader in the Delaware State Chamber of Com-merce for more than two decades, Alan ran Happy Harry’s Pharmacy, a family business that he grew over decades of discipline and capable leadership, ulti-mately expanding it to 76 stores in our region. That success is an important part of who Alan is, because to really know him is to know that his job at the Delaware Economic Development Office was not one he needed; it was one he chose. 
Alan could have continued and built 
his success in the business world—any-one could tell you that—but he made a decision at that key point in his life to strive for something else, something more to make his home State a better place. He recognized his considerable skills, talents, and knowledge and de-cided to use them to help families and businesses across our State succeed. That is a profound thing. In a world where there are far too many people who shun public life and public service for good reason, Alan stepped up to the plate when Delaware needed him most. 
Now, fortunately for all of us, Alan 
isn’t going far. We will still get to see him in southern Delaware, where he will be working with SoDel Concepts in their successful restaurants. It is hope-ful that he will get a chance to trade in his business suit for flip-flops and a beach chair from time to time. I just wanted to take this moment on the floor to thank Alan and to thank espe-cially his wife Ellen and his wonderful sons, Andrew, Daniel, Jason, and Jess, 
for letting us have Alan in public serv-ice for so many years where he has made such a difference. It is my hope he will get to enjoy his family, his grandchildren, and the entire Delaware community, which is so grateful to Alan for his public service. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
H
OEVEN ). The Senator from Utah. 
f 
WORKING TOGETHER IN THE 
SENATE 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise 
today to discuss the progress of the Senate under the new Republican lead-ership. In the first 6 months of this Congress, we have passed bipartisan, commonsense legislation that has de-livered meaningful results to the American people. 
As we work to return the Senate to 
regular order—and that has not been an easy thing—we are rebuilding this institution’s reputation as the world’s greatest deliberative body, something that it has not been over the last num-ber of years. To that end, we have re-newed our commitment to the open amendment process and the committee system, which give all Members—from the most seasoned chairman to the freshman—a hand in drafting and im-proving legislation. 
The progress we have made is re-
markable, especially considering the difficult situation we inherited. At the end of the 113th Congress, partisan grandstanding and festering dysfunc-tion had tarnished this body’s reputa-tion. This Senate was beset by gridlock and weak leadership more focused on political messaging than constructive legislation. At the end of the 2014, Con-gress had a historically low approval rating of only 9 percent and, in many respects, the way the Congress was being run, we deserved it. Americans had every reason to disapprove of what was going on. These persistent low ap-proval ratings reflected the American people’s frustration with their Federal Government and the direction of our country under the failed policies and 
leadership of the President and his party. 
Under our new leadership, we are 
working to regain the trust of the American people. Already, the Senate has taken up and passed nearly 40 pieces of bipartisan legislation, and our extensive efforts to restore confidence in the legislative branch are beginning to bear fruit. Consider our legislative accomplishments thus far. 
At the beginning of this Congress, 
Republicans and Democrats came to-gether to pass the Hoeven-Manchin bill to authorize the unreasonably delayed Keystone XL Pipeline. 
We also passed my Amy and Vicky 
act, a bill I authored to create an effec-tive, balanced restitution process for victims of child pornography. Others deserve lots of credit on that bill. 
In a bipartisan manner, Republican 
leaders cooperated with Democrats to repeal and replace Medicare’s sustain-
able growth rate. Instead of resorting to patch after patch, year after year— that is what we had been doing here for so long; that is really a tremendous achievement—we came together to work out a balanced package that both protects seniors and includes impor-tant cost controls. It demonstrated the scope of what Congress can do when Members work together, and it rep-resented an important step forward in reforming our Nation’s entitlement programs. With regard to that, we paired it with the CHIP bill, which was the Hatch-Kennedy bill for young chil-dren who were left out of the health care system, and that passed too. 
We built on this positive momentum 
when the Senate passed the Cornyn- Klobuchar human trafficking bill—a very important bill. With this legisla-tion, Congress established a special fund providing victims of human traf-ficking the resources they need to re-pair their shattered lives. 
This bill suffered a number of hiccups 
along the way. Yet ultimately we were able to come together in a collabo-rative fashion to overcome our dif-ferences. 
We again bridged the partisan divide 
when we passed the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act—a monumental piece of legislation. This legislation en-sures Congress’s right to oversee any agreement the President reaches with Iranian leaders and reasserts the Sen-ate’s valuable role in approving inter-national treaties. Despite our diver-gent opinions on the Obama adminis-tration’s negotiation efforts, we were able to devise a compromise that earned the support of nearly every Sen-ator. 
These are not small achievements. It 
is amazing we have been able to do so many in these first 6 months. Just last week, we worked together, yet again, in a bipartisan fashion to pass the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act, re-authorizing important defense pro-grams critical to our national secu-rity—a complex and very difficult bill to handle. And no less than our won-derful Senator from Arizona, Mr. M
CCAIN, handled that matter on the 
floor, along with the help of a lot of others. 
In passing this legislation, our new 
majority did not run roughshod over the minority. Rather, we collaborated with our colleagues in the minority to draft legislation agreeable to both sides. 
Our bipartisan work hasn’t been lim-
ited to this Chamber. We have also worked closely with the White House to pass trade legislation critical to our country’s economic future. In fact, just a short while ago, the President called me and thanked me. His top Chief of Staff Denis McDonough called me yes-terday and thanked me—something that, frankly, I was very grateful for. 
In fact, yesterday’s passage of trade 
promotion authority might be the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.043 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4637 June 25, 2015 
strongest evidence to date that the 
Senate is back to work on behalf of the American people. This bipartisan piece of legislation is one of the President’s highest trade priorities because it sup-ports U.S. job growth, boosts American exports, enhances our ability to nego-tiate trade agreements, and makes our goods and services more competitive 
globally. TPA will give the United States viable pathways to enter into critical trade agreements with our international partners to level the playing field for American exporters, creating and sustaining more and bet-ter paying American jobs. 
Beyond the content of our legisla-
tion, the Senate’s return to regular order and an open amendment process is remarkable. At times, it has been difficult to make progress in restoring the Senate as an institution, and the consideration of complex legislation can be a slow and arduous process. Nonetheless, this body has been delib-erate and thoughtful in our consider-ation of legislation. Often, these bills have been considered for several weeks and occupied many hours of valuable floor time. These bills have required dozens of amendments to be considered before they were ultimately put before the Senate for a vote on final passage. Though this process is difficult and often laborious, it is the way things should be done. 
I have had friends on the other side 
of the floor come to me and say: This is wonderful. We are able to have amendments again. We are able to do the work of the Senate again. We feel good about it, and they feel good about doing the bipartisan work that we have done. 
The Presiding Officer did an awful lot 
of good bringing the Hoeven bill through, and we can name so many others. There are great people on the other side who have cooperated. With regard to that, I think of Senator W
YDEN , who has worked very hard and 
very closely with me on a number of bills but especially the trade pro-motion authority bill, which is the key bill to enable this administration to enter into good agreements with for-eign countries that are important to us. Without that bill, we wouldn’t have these agreements. We may still not have them, unless they are done right, but at least we can say we have given the administration the opportunity to do it right. 
Now, in spite of our successes so far 
in this Congress, there are still many who oppose and criticize our efforts to restore the Senate to its proper func-tion. The minority leader might be foremost among these detractors. I wish to take just a moment to respond to some of his sharp criticisms. In re-cent remarks, the Democratic leader has willfully ignored the significant achievements of the current Congress, even arguing the Republican-led Sen-ate has done nothing to help the Amer-ican people. The minority leader’s ac-cusation is patently false. He lobs these criticisms to distract the Amer-
ican people from his failed leadership in the last Congress. 
I happen to like the minority leader. 
He is my friend. I care for him. But there is no excuse for that kind of lan-guage on the floor of the Senate. I have to say he has cooperated and helped do some of these bills. He ought to be tak-ing credit for it rather than lobbing jabs from across the aisle. 
Contrary to the claims of the minor-
ity leader, the current Republican lead-ership has been remarkably successful at doing exactly what Leader M
CCON-
NELL promised we would do: pass legis-
lation that improves the economy, makes it easier for Americans to get jobs, and helps restore Americans’ con-fidence in their country and govern-ment. Importantly, the majority leader has kept his promise of restoring the proper role of the Senate by enhancing deliberation on legislation through an open and robust committee and floor amendment process. 
To appreciate fully the success of the 
new Congress, we need only to review the failures of the past. As we all re-member too well, under the tight-fisted control of the Democratic leader, the Senate, in all of 2014, was only allowed to take a total of 17 rollcall votes on amendments—17 rollcall votes on amendments in an entire year. Some of the Democratic Senators who were de-feated had never brought up an amend-ment on the floor of the Senate. They didn’t have that privilege. They didn’t have that remarkable experience. 
The Democratic leader shut down the 
amendment process by abusing proce-dural mechanisms and dismantled the rights of the minority in this Chamber. This dysfunction lies in stark contrast to the way Leader M
CCONNELL is lead-
ing the Senate today. Under the new majority leader, we have made progress that is tangible, even measurable. Just look at the facts: In the 6 months of 2015, the Senate has taken over 130 roll-call votes on amendments. 
In other words, the Senate has taken 
more than seven times as many rollcall votes on amendments in the first 6 months of this year than the current majority leader allowed in all of last year. It is worth noting that a majority of the rollcall votes taken this year have been on amendments introduced by Democrats. A majority of the roll-call votes taken this year have been on amendments by our friends on the other side. They haven’t been blocked. This is powerful evidence that the Re-publican-led Senate is committed to working in a manner respectful of the minority’s voice. 
Additionally, we have considered and 
agreed to 183 amendments this year. That means we have agreed to nearly four times as many amendments in the first 6 months of this year than we did in the first 6 months of the last Con-gress. I am pleased the Senate has largely returned to operating under regular order with increased delibera-tion and an open and robust floor con-sideration process. The bottom line is 
that this increased transparency and deliberation has greatly benefited the work of Senators on both sides of the aisle. 
That said, I think we can all agree 
the Senate has a lot more work to do. I am hopeful we can capitalize on our recent success by continuing to tackle difficult issues, such as sustaining the highway trust fund, working toward comprehensive tax reform, and improv-ing our Nation’s cyber security. These are important bills and we have to work on them. As we work together to find solutions to these problems, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to practice the principle of mutual re-straint. 
Senator Mike Mansfield, the long-
time Democratic Senate majority lead-er, and a wonderful man whom I knew, counseled that the remedy to partisan gridlock in the Senate ‘‘lies not in the seeking of shortcuts, not in the crack-ing of nonexistent whips, not in wheel-ing and dealing, but in an honest facing of the situation and a resolution of it by the Senate itself, by accommoda-tion, by respect for one another, [and] by mutual restraint.’’ 
Now, both parties must make certain 
sacrifices in order for the Senate to function. The majority leadership must generally refrain from bringing divi-sive and partisan messaging bills be-fore the Senate for consideration and should seek to gather bipartisan sup-port through a consensus. Mutual re-straint also requires in most cases the majority leadership to allow legisla-tion to be thoroughly vetted by the committee of jurisdiction and to allow for an open amendment process, which provides an opportunity for all Sen-ators to contribute to the Chamber’s work. 
I remember how the ObamaCare bill 
was formulated. It was formulated not in the committee of jurisdiction, where we had all those people with all that experience; it was done with the White House, in a small room with just a few Senators who decided this monumental bill—passed only with Democratic sup-port—that we are now all subject to. That bill has been anything but a suc-cess. Now, I have to say, all Senators should be able to contribute to the Chamber’s work. 
This duty is not incumbent upon the 
majority alone. The minority also has to practice restraint, including resist-ing impulses to filibuster routine unan-imous consent requests and insisting on poison pill amendments. The minor-ity in the Senate has powerful rights that can be used to grind the work of the Senate to a halt, but the minority should not abuse those rights. At times, it can be appropriate for the mi-nority to utilize all of the procedural mechanisms at their disposal to legiti-mately and judiciously disagree with a serious policy being considered by the Senate. However, when the minority deliberately frustrates the operation of the Senate for partisan gain, it is an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.045 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4638 June 25, 2015 
offense to the institution—and I say 
that with regard to both sides. 
My friend the majority leader has 
been committed to conducting the Sen-ate’s consideration of legislation in a deliberate manner, with prudence and restraint. He has renewed and en-hanced deliberation and open consider-ation of serious policy proposals. We have not made a point of pushing Re-publican messaging bills, but rather we have worked hard to find broad bipar-tisan consensus. Although it has not been easy by any means, I feel con-fident the American people are begin-ning to regain confidence in the legis-lative branch as it is being led today under Republican leadership. 
We still have a long way to go before 
we can restore the full confidence and trust of the American people—at least that is my viewpoint—but we are real-ly once again moving the country in the right direction. This Senate is a dramatic improvement from the way business has been conducted over the past several years. We are not focused on scoring cheap political points but are deliberating serious policy and leg-islation aimed at meaningful reform. 
The Senate, under Republican leader-
ship, has passed bipartisan legislation that will improve the lives of all Amer-icans. We are doing the right kind of work, and we are doing it the right way. We are not focused on political gimmicks and pageantry; rather, we are interested in real, substantive pol-icy aimed at strengthening the Nation, our economy, and our national secu-rity. We have made significant progress, and we continue to work to-gether to restore our reputation as the world’s greatest deliberative body. 
In the Finance Committee alone, as 
of yesterday we have passed 36 bipar-tisan bills out of that committee, which wasn’t really allowed to function during the last number of years. It was so bad that Senator Coburn left it. He said we are not getting anything done. Frankly, we weren’t. A lot of that was because of the way the Senate was being led at that particular time. 
I am pleased to say I think the Fi-
nance Committee is restoring itself as the greatest deliberative committee on Capitol Hill, certainly in the Senate. 
In that regard, it has been a privilege 
to work with P
AUL RYAN over in the 
House. In all of our meetings, there has never been any real push to be par-tisan. It is to get the job done, to do it the best way we possibly can, to in-volve our brethren and sisters on the other side, and to make sure our side does what really ought to be done in our respective bodies. 
We are going to have tie-ups in the 
future, I know, but it was getting so it was in every way. And I suspect there were sincere motives in doing that, in trying to protect the then-majority’s side before this year. I understand that. But it went way too far, and it was not the way to run the Senate. 
We all know Senator M
CCONNELL is a 
strong, tough, intelligent, complete Senator and certainly majority leader. 
That can irritate some people who don’t look at the real facts and don’t look at what he really stands for and what he is really trying to do. But I have found him to be fair. I have found him to be fair and deliberate and some-body you can work with as long as you are working in good faith. 
I would like to see both of our leaders 
work in good faith so we can do things for our country first and quit worrying so much about who is going to run the Senate for the next couple of years or who is going to win or who is going to get the big headline. Let’s worry about running the country in the proper way. To do that, it takes both sides, not just one side, and it takes a deliberative process that elevates the Senate again to the greatest deliberative body in the world. We can do it. 
I caution both leaders to do every-
thing in their power to see that we do work together as much as we can. When we fight, let’s have real good fights, but let’s do it over substantive things, not just deliberated procedural matters. 
But the fact is that we have done 
quite a bit in these first 6 months. The leader has done a great job in getting us there, and we have had a lot of help from our friends on the other side. I want to keep that system going so we can do even better. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-
sistant minority leader. 
f 
KING V. BURWELL DECISION 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, this 
morning the Supreme Court of the United States came down with its deci-sion in King v. Burwell. I think it will probably be a decision that is remem-bered for a long time, certainly by Members of Congress. We were watch-ing carefully, closely, wondering what the Supreme Court was going to say about the Affordable Care Act, other-wise known as ObamaCare. We passed it 5 years ago, and it was about the issue of health insurance—how many Americans who were uninsured would be insured under the Affordable Care Act and how much it would help health insurance cost. 
Controversial, as the Senator from 
Utah just noted—it was passed on a partisan roll call. There was an effort to write a bipartisan bill, and it failed. There was no sentiment shared by both sides of the aisle to create the Afford-able Care Act or anything like it. 
How important is this decision, King 
v. Burwell, a decision which basically sustained the Affordable Care Act and said that the tax credits—which are part of the act—given to families in lower income situations were legal and constitutional? I think it is one of the most important decisions because I think health insurance is one of the most important things in our lives. 
If you have ever been in the position 
as a father with a sick child, a seri-ously ill child without health insur-
ance, you will never forget it. I know. I have been there. As a law student, my wife and I got married and had a little baby. She had some challenges, and we had no health insurance. Every time we took her to the hospital, every time we saw a doctor, I wondered if she was getting the best that she could get be-cause we didn’t have health insurance. It meant waiting in big waiting rooms with a lot of other people without health insurance and hoping that who-ever walked through that door, that doctor would be just what my daughter needed. I will never forget it. When it comes to a time when people are debat-ing about health insurance and how important it is, it sure is important to me. It was even when I didn’t have it, as I realized how insecure and uncer-tain I was. 
About 5 years ago, I was down in 
southern Illinois, Marion, IL, which is a great little town. I stayed there in deep southern Illinois at a local motel, and in the morning I would go up and go in. They had a little breakfast buf-fet there. There was a sweet lady named Judy. She was always there; ‘‘Senator, what can I do for you?’’ and all that. She couldn’t have been nicer. I got to know Judy over the times we stayed there, and we talked about her life. 
Judy was 60 years old. She was work-
ing part time in this motel—kind of in the world of hospitality—and she took care of guests when they went to the breakfast buffet in the morning. We talked about her life. She had grown up in southern Illinois. She had worked all the way through her life, job after job after job. I knew she was a hard-work-ing lady and a good person. 
One day she said to me: Senator, I 
have heard about this debate in Wash-ington about the Affordable Care Act, and I am scared. 
I said: Why? She said: I don’t think I can afford it, 
and they won’t let me pick my own doctor. 
I said: Well, Judy, I don’t want to get 
personal, but I need to ask you a few questions. Do you have health insur-ance? 
No. No, Senator. I have never had 
health insurance in my life. I have never had a job that offered health in-surance. 
She was 60 years old. I said: Now I am going to get real 
personal. Can you give me an idea how much money you make? If you want to, can you tell me? 
Sure. She told me. I said: Judy, when it is all over, you 
are going to be covered by Medicaid. You won’t be paying for this. For the first time in your life, you are going to have health insurance. You are going to be able to go to the hospital and not be a charity case. 
She said: It won’t cost me? No. Your income is so low that you 
qualify for this tax credit and this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.046 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4639 June 25, 2015 
treatment under Medicaid. You don’t 
have to pay out of pocket. 
The next time I went back there 
after the law passed and we knew she had Medicaid coverage, Judy didn’t look the same. She was obviously sick. 
I said: What is wrong? She said: Well, I just got diagnosed 
with diabetes. 
I said: Well, at least you have Med-
icaid. 
She said: I sure do. And I have a doc-
tor. I like him, and he is helping me. And I have a hospital that I can go to if I need to. 
There she was, for the first time in 
her life at the age of 60, with diabetes, and with health insurance. From my point of view, that is what this deci-sion and this debate is all about. 
What we set out to do with the pas-
sage of the Affordable Care Act was to make sure health insurance was there for that young couple getting started with a baby who otherwise wouldn’t have had health insurance or that 60- year-old woman who was working a job that didn’t provide health insurance benefits who was facing diabetes. 
Well, it has helped a lot of people. 
When we started the debate on the Af-fordable Care Act, there were 50 mil-lion Americans—out of over 320 mil-lion, 50 million—who had no health in-surance. Because of this law, the Af-fordable Care Act, almost one-third of them—16 million—now have health in-surance. I think that is a good thing. Most Americans would celebrate that we have reduced the rolls of the unin-sured by one-third. It means they have peace of mind having coverage. 
Roy Romanowski, in Chicago—I sat 
next to Roy at a community health clinic in a neighborhood. I go to those clinics all the time because I think they are one of the best places on Earth to meet some great medical pro-fessionals who are doing a wonderful service for a lot of people who live in a neighborhood and who wouldn’t have a place to go. 
Roy Romanowski, a big, barrel-chest-
ed Polish guy from Chicago, is a musi-cian. He plays a guitar. He never had a solid 40-hour-a-week job in his life and never had health insurance. He has it now. The Affordable Care Act gave Roy health insurance coverage for the first time—health insurance coverage he can afford. 
That is what the decision in this 
court case was about today—whether people like Roy and Judy would have health insurance. And it does some-thing else: It moves us along the path we want to be on—and not only that more and more people have health in-surance. Here is good news for every-body: The rate of growth in health care costs is going down. Oh, it is not a dra-matic plunge. We didn’t expect it to be. But even as it starts to level off a little bit, it has a dramatic impact. It means even if you don’t have your health in-surance plan through the Affordable Care Act, if you have it through your employer, the health insurance pre-miums your employer faces are less 
than they would have been. So it is starting to flatten out this growth and the cost of health care. 
What about Medicare? Medicare is 
important for over 40 million Ameri-cans. Here is the great news on Medi-care—two things. No. 1, because the overall cost of health care is coming down just a little, in 5 years, the pro-jected solvency of Medicare has been— they have added 13 years to it, 13 more years of solvency for a program criti-cally important to seniors and disabled people. So Medicare has benefited from it as well. 
There is a second part. If you are 
under Medicare and you have prescrip-tion Part D, which covers your pre-scriptions under Medicare, we closed the doughnut hole. The doughnut hole used to be that point in the cost of your prescription drugs when Medicare no longer paid for it and you had to pay for it out of pocket. That was a crazy idea in the law, and it cost seniors thousands of dollars. And then, of course, after they paid out of pocket, Medicare came in to cover the addi-tional expenses. We got rid of that cra-ziness. We eliminated that doughnut hole. So for seniors wanting to take the medicines the doctor has prescribed so they can feel good, be strong, be independent, stay on their own, this Affordable Care Act helped them pay. In Illinois, it was about $1,000 per Medi-care recipient per year in prescription drug costs taken care of by the Afford-able Care Act. 
Let me tell you a couple other things 
this law did and does. Do you have any children in your family who are going to college? Are you worried about when they graduate from college, whether they have a job and health insurance? I was. My wife and I were worried about our daughter. 
I remember calling her. Jennifer, you just got out of school. 
Do you have health insurance? 
Dad, I don’t need it. I am healthy as 
can be. 
That is not what a father wants to 
hear. 
The Affordable Care Act says that 
your son or daughter can stay under your family plan until they reach the age of 26. I think that is a good thing. As a parent who had a college grad looking for a job, I had the peace of mind of knowing she was under the family health insurance plan. 
So the people who want to repeal the 
Affordable Care Act—do they really want to repeal that provision? 
And here is another one that is im-
portant. How many of us can say with certainty that in our homes, in our households, there isn’t someone with a preexisting condition, someone who— perhaps a child—has had diabetes, a spouse who has had good luck in beat-ing breast cancer or prostate cancer? Someone there is a history of mental illness. In the old days before the Af-fordable Care Act, what I just described to you were grounds for denying health insurance coverage or charging 
through the roof. Well, that was changed by the Affordable Care Act. Preexisting conditions no longer dis-qualify you from health insurance in America. 
The President said this morning, 
after the Supreme Court decision: We will have to explain to our grandkids there was a time when you couldn’t get health insurance if you were sick. 
Thank goodness that time has passed 
and the Affordable Care Act protects people. Overall, this act in the last 5 years has made real progress for Amer-ica. For 16 million Americans, it has given many of them health insurance for the first time in their lives, health insurance they can afford and a tax credit to help them pay for it that was protected today by this Supreme Court decision. 
In all of the time since the Affordable 
Care Act has been the law, we have heard from the other party that they want to repeal it. But in that same pe-riod of time, we have never ever heard what they would replace it with. They don’t have a better idea. Here is what I hope we will do. I hope we will put be-hind us this whole effort of let’s file an-other lawsuit, let’s vote another time to abolish the Affordable Care Act. I hope instead that there will be a con-structive dialogue between Democrats and Republicans to make the Afford-able Care Act better. 
I voted for it and am proud of it. It is 
one of the most important votes I ever cast in Congress. But it is not perfect. I tell my town meetings in Illinois that the only perfect law was brought down the side of a mountain by Senator Moses on clay tablets. Ever since then, we have done our best to write laws but know that we have to be ready to im-prove them and to react to changing circumstances. 
We should do the same with the Af-
fordable Care Act. I think there are things we can do to make it stronger, and on a bipartisan basis we should. Until this moment in time of this Su-preme Court decision, it has been po-litically impossible to have that con-versation. 
The Restaurant Association came to 
see me. They are worried. They said: Wait a minute. We have a lot of part- time employees and a lot of them don’t want health insurance. Their spouses have health insurance. We are looking at the law. We want some clarity here about what our obligation will be under the Affordable Care Act. 
They deserve that clarity. I will tell 
you as I stand here today, I am willing to sit down with any Republican Sen-ator and work out changes and provi-sions in the law to make sure we treat these employees fairly and we give them coverage and do it in a fashion that is fair to their employer as well as individual employees. These are things we can and should do. 
For the longest time, there were peo-
ple who opposed Social Security—going way back in time 70 or 80 years when it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.048 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4640 June 25, 2015 
was created. They said that it will 
never last; it will never stay. Eventu-ally, public sentiment changed and people realized Social Security was critically important for America. 
The same thing was true for Medi-
care. There were those who said: So-cialized medicine, you have to get rid of it. Now, 60 years later, 50 years later, they understand it is part of America. For millions of Americans, it is criti-cally important. Medicaid, the same thing. 
I hope today will be that turning 
point on the Affordable Care Act, where we decide on a bipartisan basis that this is part of our future, pro-viding health insurance for uninsured Americans, doing it in a fair way, and particularly for those in lower income situations. 
This was a historic decision, King v. 
Burwell, at the Supreme Court—6 to 3. A decisive majority opinion said the Affordable Care Act is legal and con-stitutional and should move forward. I hope that message makes it across the street over to the Halls of Congress. 
f 
TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING 
AND COMMUNITY AFFAIRS V. IN-CLUSIVE COMMUNITIES PROJECT, INC. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, this 
morning, the Supreme Court also an-nounced its decision in Texas Depart-ment of Housing and Community Af-fairs v. Inclusive Communities Project, Inc. 
In a major victory for the millions of 
Americans who rely on the protections of the Fair Housing Act to challenge unfair, discriminatory housing prac-tices, the Court held that disparate im-pact claims are permissible under the law. 
The Fair Housing Act was a land-
mark civil rights bill passed in 1968 to combat widespread housing discrimina-tion. Under the disparate impact doc-trine, the law allows plaintiffs to chal-lenge housing policies that have a ‘‘disproportionally adverse effect on minorities,’’ without proving discrimi-natory intent. 
Housing discrimination is rarely as 
overt today as it was in the 1960s, and disparate impact claims thus play an important role in preventing housing segregation. Federal appeals courts across the country have long held that these types of claims are permissible and constitutional. Today, the Su-preme Court rightfully affirmed this principle. 
As Justice Kennedy acknowledged in 
the opinion, the Fair Housing Act plays a ‘‘continuing role in moving the Nation toward a more integrated soci-ety.’’ 
This past week has reminded us that 
we have much to accomplish in cre-ating a more just and equal society. On issues ranging from voting rights to mass incarceration, there are funda-mental disparities that we must ad-dress. Thankfully, the Court’s ruling today 
ensures that the full protections of the Fair Housing Act remain intact. We must continue to work to prevent dis-crimination in housing and give all American families access to safe, af-fordable homes in inclusive, prosperous communities. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REMEMBERING MAJOR KENNETH 
M. SLYE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
rise today to honor and pay tribute to a very dear friend of mine who has sadly passed away. MAJ Ken Slye, re-tired from both the U.S. Army and the Office of the Secretary of Defense, died on June 24, 2015, at the Robley Rex VA Medical Center in Louisville. He was 81 years old. 
Ken was a retired master Army avi-
ator who did two combat tours in Viet-nam, flying both Chinook and Huey helicopters. After his retirement from the Army, Ken was very active in the local Louisville military community as well as that of Fort Knox. He was a past chairman of the Louisville Armed Forces Committee; a four-times past president of the Louisville Chapter, Military Officers Association of Amer-ica; a member of VFW 1170 Middletown; of the DAV; and of the American Le-gion G.I. Joe Post 244 in Jeffersontown. 
Ken served on the Veteran Experi-
ence Board at the Robley Rex VA Med-ical Center, and in fact he and fellow veteran Carl Kaelin were instrumental in getting the medical center named after Kentucky’s own World War I-era vet, Robley Rex. Ken was the recipient of the 2015 Louisville Armed Forces Pa-triot Award just this past May. 
Ken was also heavily involved with 
professional tennis as an international chair umpire, and he served in the chair in matches all over the United States as well as the United Kingdom, Germany, Australia, Canada, Brazil, Japan, France, Argentina, Mexico, the Netherlands, and Jamaica. He began his officiating career in 1974 and was a graduate of the first professional ten-nis officials’ school, in 1976 in Dallas. He chaired matches at the U.S. Open, Wimbledon, the French Open, and the Davis Cup. 
Ken officiated in 16 matches with leg-
endary player John McEnroe. Ken was the only Kentuckian to chair the final of a Grand Slam Tennis Tournament. He was the chair umpire for the classic 1980 U.S. Open Men’s Singles Final be-tween McEnroe and Bjorn Borg, watched on television by 20 million fans and 22,000 in the stands at Flush-ing Meadow. He was the chair umpire 
at the 1987 Wimbledon semi-final match between Stefan Edberg and Ivan Lendl. Other tennis legends Ken en-countered during his career were Ar-thur Ashe, Stan Smith, Ilie Nastase, and Jimmy Connors. 
Born in Boston and raised in Welles-
ley, MA, Ken moved to Louisville be-cause it was the hometown of his wife, Linda. He sang bass with the Louisville Thoroughbred Chorus for 4 years and served as its manager for 6 years. He served for 20 years with the Secretary of Defense’s staff on top of his heroic service with the Army. 
Ken is survived by his wife, Linda, as 
well as his son Scott Slye and daughter Susan Fabiano; his granddaughters Stacey Brandon and Audrey Ribley; his six great-grandchildren, Ashlynn, Will, Addison, Cooper, Scott, and Brystal; and Linda’s son and daughter Jeff Fur-nish and Meg Furnish. 
MAJ Ken Slye bravely served his 
country in uniform during a time of war, and he served his fellow veterans when he returned home. He will be greatly missed, not only by the mili-tary community throughout Kentucky but also by his many friends who knew and loved him. 
I am proud to count myself among 
that group of friends. I relied on Ken’s advice and friendship. I want to extend my deepest condolences to his family in their time of loss. The Common-wealth of Kentucky joins them in mourning this heroic man, patriot, and soldier. 
f 
REMEMBERING THOMAS BLAKE 
RATLIFF 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
rise to pay tribute to a very dear friend of mine and a great Kentuckian who has sadly passed away. Thomas Blake Ratliff of Pikeville, a Navy veteran, died on April 20, 2015. He was 88 years old. 
Born on May 27, 1926, Tom attended 
elementary, junior high, and high school at the Pikeville College Acad-emy and graduated in 1944. Upon grad-uation he joined the Navy and served in the Pacific theater during World War II until being honorably dis-charged in 1946. 
After his naval service, Tom attended 
Pikeville College and the University of Kentucky, where he received a bach-elor of laws in 1951 and a juris doc-torate in 1970. Tom and his wife Myrtle returned home to Pikeville after Tom graduated law school, and he practiced law and also became involved in the coal business. Tom also had business interests in hotels, restaurants, the Reynold’s Body Company and in prop-erties in Kentucky and Florida. 
Tom was also active in civic affairs 
and public service. A passionate sup-porter of the Republican Party, he served in various capacities for the local, State, and national GOP. He was a great supporter of mine and I remem-ber well his enthusiasm and dedication 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.054 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4641 June 25, 2015 
over the years. He was elected as the 
Commonwealth attorney for the 35th Judicial Circuit and served in that post from 1964 to 1970. He was also the Re-publican candidate for Lieutenant Gov-ernor in 1967. 
In addition to his work and positions 
in politics, Tom gave generously of his time to many worthy causes, including service as the director of the Pikeville Methodist Hospital and as a trustee of Pikeville College. He was the president of the Pikeville Rotary Club and volun-teered his time with the Coal Operators Association and the Boy Scouts. 
Tom was a Christian who attended 
Pikeville United Methodist Church. He also served on the church’s administra-tive board. His hobbies included read-ing, traveling, boating, and being phys-ically active. He loved to travel and had visited all the continents. 
Tom is survived by his wife, Myrtle; 
the two were married on August 21, 1949. He is also survived by his daugh-ters Susan G. Tillotson and Jan E. Sharpe; his sons Kevin N. Ratliff and Chris Ratliff; his grandchildren Eliza-beth J. Spraggs, Juliet Kamper, Jona-than K. Wright, Thomas N. Ratliff, Daniel C. Ratliff, and Jordan B. Ratliff; his great-grandchild, Tiara Wright; his sister, Charlene R. Easton; and his brother, Roger E. J. Ratliff. 
I want to extend my deepest condo-
lences to Myrtle and to the family in this time of loss. The Commonwealth of Kentucky joins them in mourning this hero and public servant. Tom Ratliff bravely served his country in uniform during World War II, and served his fellow Kentuckians in public office. He was a hero and a patriot who I was proud to know and to call a friend. He will be greatly missed, not only by his family but by his many friends who knew and loved him. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 30TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF MIRACLE FLIGHTS FOR KIDS 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, today I rec-
ognize the 30th anniversary of Miracle Flights for Kids. 
Since its founding in southern Ne-
vada in 1985, Miracle Flights for Kids has been providing airline tickets for sick children in low-income families. These flights are truly miracles that allow children to receive the special-ized medical care they need and other-wise would not have access to due to distance and travel costs. In the begin-ning, Miracle Flights for Kids was a small organization that served a hand-ful of local children, but today the or-ganization coordinates hundreds of flights a month, including a record 976 flights in April 2015. To date, Miracle Flights for Kids has coordinated more than 92,000 flights resulting in 50 mil-lion miles of travel. These flights have helped to save and improve the quality of life for countless children. 
Families from across the country and 
the world contact Miracle Flights for Kids for assistance, and the organiza-tion works to ensure eligible children 
have access to the care they need, re-gardless of how far away the treatment center is located. They have flown chil-dren relatively short distances, such as flights from Nevada to California, and longer distances, including flights from Alaska to Colorado. They have even flown children from as far away as Tur-key to Maryland. Miracle Flights for Kids also works to ensure that children can travel back to their treatment cen-ter as many times as their doctor deems necessary. For instance, they provided more than 40 flights from Ohio to Texas for one little girl so she could receive the medical attention she required. 
Having a sick child is a devastating, 
trying experience for any parent. The services provided by Miracle Flights for Kids give families some peace-of- mind as they focus on getting their child healthy. I commend Miracle Flights for Kids for 30 years of excep-tional service to children and families in Nevada and throughout the world. Their work is truly appreciated and ad-mired, and I wish them continued suc-cess for years to come. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MARGARET A. 
FOCARINO AND JAMES D. SMITH 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I wish to 
take a moment to recognize two distin-guished public servants who are leav-ing their positions at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO,— Margaret ‘‘Peggy’’ Focarino, Commis-sioner for Patents, and James D. Smith, Chief Administrative Patent Judge. Both have played critical roles in bringing the USPTO into the 21st century by working tirelessly to imple-ment the Leahy-Smith America In-vents Act, the most comprehensive up-date of U.S. patent law since the 1950s. The patent system is one of the corner-stones of our economy. It drives inno-vation, growth, and job creation. This country has been fortunate to have dedicated leaders such as Ms. Focarino and Mr. Smith in key positions at this crucial Agency. 
Peggy Focarino became Commis-
sioner for Patents in 2012, where she has been instrumental in developing and implementing administrative changes made by the Leahy-Smith act. Working collaboratively with all stakeholders in the patent community while implementing this law is a hall-mark of her tenure as Commissioner for Patents. As someone who worked for nearly 6 years to pass comprehen-sive patent reform legislation, I can at-test to the fact that it is not easy to bring all of these stakeholders together and build consensus. The provisions she worked to implement include the tran-sition to first-inventor-to-file and the USPTO’s fee-setting authority, but her work encompassed a number of other aspects of the Leahy-Smith act as well. 
Ms. Focarino’s impressive tenure as 
Commissioner for Patents likely did not come as a surprise to anyone who followed her rise within the USPTO. 
She started at the Agency in 1977 as a patent examiner. In 1997, she was pro-moted to the senior executive service. Throughout her almost 40 years at the USPTO, she distinguished herself as a leader within the Agency, receiving the Department of Commerce Silver Medal for Leadership in 2010. She also re-ceived American University’s School of Public Affairs Roger W. Jones Award for Executive Leadership in 2010. While the USPTO will continue to do impor-tant work without her, there is little doubt that her leadership will be missed. 
James Smith also played a key role 
in the implementation of the Leahy- Smith act. Mr. Smith became the Chief Administrative Patent Judge in 2011. During his tenure, Mr. Smith worked to implement the postgrant review pro-ceedings the law established. Thanks to Mr. Smith’s leadership at the Patent Trial and Appeal Board, these postgrant proceedings have been suc-cessful in providing low-cost alter-natives to litigation for reviewing the patentability of issued patents. His strong and varied background in the private sector, including time spent working on intellectual property issues at large companies and law firms, served him well as he helped the USPTO implement these essential components of the Leahy-Smith act. 
It is always difficult to see good pub-
lic servants leave their roles. Ms. Focarino and Mr. Smith can look back proudly at their record of public serv-ice and point to meaningful accom-plishments that have improved the U.S. patent system. I wish them both the best in their new endeavors. 
f 
VOTING RIGHTS ADVANCEMENT 
ACT OF 2015 
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I sup-
port the Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2015, an important step on the road to protecting the right to vote for all Americans. It responds to a recent Supreme Court ruling that rolled back critical voting protections that had proven effective for decades and that Congress had reauthorized several times. 
This landmark legislation would re-
affirm the importance of the vote as a pillar of our democracy and restore a powerful shield to combat voting dis-crimination. I thank Senator L
EAHY  
for his leadership on this bill, and I am proud to be an original cosponsor of a bill that protects access to the ballot box for all American citizens. 
Mr. President, 50 years ago, Presi-
dent Lyndon Johnson signed into law the Voting Rights Act of 1965, legisla-tion that he called ‘‘a triumph for free-dom as huge as any victory that has ever been won on any battlefield.’’ At the time he signed the bill into law, millions of Americans were denied the right to vote based on the color of their skin. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.017 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4642 June 25, 2015 
President Johnson called this ‘‘a 
clear and simple wrong’’ and acknowl-edged that the Voting Rights Act’s ‘‘only purpose is to right that wrong.’’ With the stroke of a pen, President Johnson enacted a bill that threw open the doors of democracy for all Ameri-cans and promised that the precious right to vote would be protected. 
The United States has had a long and 
bumpy road to even achieving that promise. In the decades before the Vot-ing Rights Act, Blacks had been denied their right to vote and participate in the political process. They were har-assed and intimidated from going to the polls. Ordinary Americans who marched for themselves or their fellow citizens to exercise the right to vote were beaten, arrested, jailed, or even murdered. 
On June 21, 1964, 51 years ago this 
week, three civil rights workers—two white young men from New York City and one black Mississippian—were killed in Mississippi by the Ku Klux Klan simply for trying to help register African Americans to vote. Their sac-rifice inspired countless others to fight to make our union more perfect. Even in my home State, in Cherry Hill, NJ, stands a monument that pays tribute to these three civil rights workers who died in the struggle for equality. 
Few things made African Americans 
feel less equal in America than being deprived of the basic right of citizen-ship—the right to vote. They even suf-fered the indignity of having to count beans in a barrel, take a literacy test, pay a poll tax, or recite from memory the preamble to the Constitution with-out a glitch just to cast a ballot. As a result of disenfranchising tactics, no Black southerner served in Congress from 1901 to 1973. For decades, the promises of liberty and justice for all embedded in our national charter were simply words on paper. 
But the Voting Rights Act changed 
America. By the end of 1966, 1 year after it became law, only 4 out of the traditional 13 Southern States had less than 50 percent of African Americans registered to vote. In Mississippi alone, Black voter turnout increased from 6 percent in 1964 to 59 percent in 1969. Throughout the South, and indeed our entire country, Blacks and Latinos were elected into public office in sig-nificant numbers. 
The Voting Rights Act has been the 
most powerful tool to defend minori-ties’ voting rights. The law established new ground to curb voter discrimina-tion by requiring Federal ‘‘preclearance’’—that is, Federal re-view—of voting law changes in areas with histories of discrimination. And therein lies its power. There is no rem-edy for citizens after an unfair election has occurred. Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act was the only Federal rem-edy that could prevent unfair elections before they took place. 
The lesson of history is clear—sec-
tion 5 of the Voting Rights Act has made America live up to its promises of liberty and justice by ensuring that 
every citizen has an equal opportunity to participate in our democracy. That is why preserving the Voting Rights Act is so important. That is why Presi-dents Reagan, Ford, and Nixon had signed prior reauthorizations of the act. That is why in successive Con-gresses—both Republicans and Demo-crats—repeatedly reauthorized section 5. 
In 2006, Congress reauthorized the 
Voting Rights Act by an overwhelming bipartisan margin. The law was reau-thorized 98 to 0 in the Senate and 390 to 33 in the House and President George W. Bush signed the bill into law. It was a testament to the fact that men and women from across the aisle could come together to protect what is most important to our democracy, the right to vote. A right the Supreme Court has called fundamental because it is pre-servative of all other rights. 
Congress developed an expansive 
record during its 2006 reauthorization that justified the need for section 5 as a necessary and effective tool to pro-tect minority voters. The House and Senate Judiciary Committees found ample evidence that, even after the passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, States and localities continued to engage in overt and subtle tactics that discriminated against minority voters. 
Two years ago, a narrowly split and 
deeply divided Supreme Court dis-regarded extensive findings of Congress and gutted the Voting Rights Act. In a case known as Shelby County v. Hold-er, five Justices on the Supreme Court put the Voting Rights Act on life sup-port by striking down the formula by which Congress determines which States and localities are subject to preclearance. 
That 2013 decision has nullified the 
ability of the Federal Government to use the preclearance requirement. Sec-tion 5 has protected constitutional guarantees against discrimination in voting even when civil rights laws tried for over 100 years to achieve the suc-cess of the Voting Rights Act. The Court reached its decision despite Con-gress finding an overwhelming record of contemporary voting discrimina-tion. Even the Chief Justice wrote, ‘‘voting discrimination still exists: no one doubts that.’’ 
Yet, the Shelby County decision rest-
ed on a flawed logic that the Voting Rights Act was a victim of its own suc-cess. Justice Ginsburg’s dissent noted a ‘‘catch-22’’ in the majority’s logic. She said: 
If the statute was working, there would be 
less evidence of discrimination, so opponents might argue that Congress should not be al-lowed to renew the statute. In contrast, if the statute was not working, there would be plenty of evidence of discrimination, but scant reason to renew a failed regulatory re-gime. 
I agree with Justice Ginsburg that 
the Court’s decision to strike down sec-tion 5 ‘‘when it has worked and is con-tinuing to work to stop discriminatory changes is like throwing away your 
umbrella in a rainstorm because you’re not getting wet.’’ 
Even in the aftermath of Shelby 
County, States continued to enact laws that make it harder for American citi-zens to cast their ballot. The Leader-ship Conference on Civil Rights, the Nation’s foremost civil rights coali-tion, released a report last year enti-tled ‘‘The Persistent Challenges of Vot-ing Discrimination.’’ That report docu-mented 148 voting rights violations in America since 2000. Because each vot-ing rights violation often impacts thousands of voters, the report under-scored that the impact of racial dis-crimination in voting is much more profound than the nearly 150 docu-mented violations suggest. 
New State laws erect barriers to vot-
ing, which restrict voter registration drives, eliminate same-day voter reg-istration, reduce the early voting pe-riod, and require photo identification and proof of citizenship to vote. So far, 32 States have passed laws requiring voters to show some kind of identifica-tion at the polls, which often have a disparate impact on minority and low- income voters. 
The Voting Rights Advancement Act 
would help prevent voting practices that are likely to be discriminatory be-fore they cause harm. It would create a new nationwide coverage formula re-quiring States and localities to obtain preclearance for voting changes that have historically been found to be dis-criminatory. It would enhance the au-thority of courts to order a preclearance remedy, require greater transparency regarding voting changes, and clarify the Attorney General’s au-thority to send Federal observers to monitor elections across the country. 
In his ‘‘I Have a Dream’’ speech, Dr. 
Martin Luther King, Jr. said, ‘‘When the architects of our republic wrote the magnificent words of the Constitution and Declaration of Independence, they were signing a promissory note to which every American was to fall heir.’’ The Voting Rights Act has been one of our most important tools to ful-fill that promise and protect voters against discrimination. Congress now has a historic opportunity to ensure that the critical provisions in that law are restored and strengthened. 
Now is the time to recommit our-
selves to the cause of justice. Now is the time to safeguard our democratic values. Now is the time to protect the progress so many Americans worked so hard to establish. I urge all Senators to support this bill that would combat voter discrimination and breathe life back into the Voting Rights Act. 
f 
PASSENGER RAIL LEGISLATION 
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, the 
tragic Amtrak derailment last month shined a light on the critical need to have a strong, safe passenger rail sys-tem for the millions of passengers trav-eling on our rails. My heart goes out to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.050 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4643 June 25, 2015 
the families and individuals impacted 
by the tragedy and I hope we never see anything like it again. 
Last week I joined my colleague, 
Senator W
ICKER in introducing the 
Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, comprehensive pas-senger rail legislation that boosts our infrastructure and implements needed reforms. Most importantly, it improves safety on our Nation’s railways. This 4- year authorization is a step forward in providing the stability Amtrak needs to be successful and serve the con-sumers who rely on it. 
Across every mode of transportation, 
America needs critical investment. No-where is the investment crisis more pronounced than in New Jersey. The century-old tunnels that run under the Hudson River between New Jersey and New York are reaching a breaking point. We must act with urgency to find State and local partners to replace this critical infrastructure. New Jersey is also home to the Portal Bridge, which is in need of replacement in order to prevent delays and closures that slow our economy. It has been es-timated that the loss of the Northeast Corridor could cost the country $100 million per day; a devastating impact that we cannot afford. The costs for these projects are significant, which is why we must find new ways to help ad-vance them. 
Our legislation is a game changer for 
large-scale rail projects. The bill helps unlock and leverage innovative financ-ing opportunities by improving the Railroad Rehabilitation and Improve-ment Financing Program, or RRIF. Our legislation will establish new cred-itworthiness criteria focused on the merits of the project, increase repay-ment flexibility, help leverage private financing opportunities, and speed up the process of applying for and receiv-ing a loan—all of which can help ad-vance projects like the Gateway Project along the Northeast Corridor. As China and other countries invest tens of billions for rail infrastructure, we must do more than maintain the status quo. Our bill’s financing provi-sions enable us to take every possible advantage to improve our rail capacity and infrastructure. 
Our legislation also includes strong 
safety provisions to protect passengers and workers. Positive train control, or PTC, was cited as a technology that could have prevented the tragic derail-ment last month and our legislation will advance deployment of PTC by au-thorizing grants and prioritizing loan applications to support implementa-tion. Additionally, the legislation will improve safety by requiring action on priorities like grade crossings and en-forcing speed limits, as well as worker protections, among various other pro-visions. 
It is important to note that a strong 
authorization of funding for passenger rail is only the start. Investing in the future of America’s rail network will also require dedicated and multi-year streams of revenue to support the fund-
ing authorized in this bill. I am com-mitted to working with my colleagues on the Finance Committee to make that a reality. 
The Railroad Reform, Enhancement, 
and Efficiency Act is important for our global competitiveness and a forward step in promoting investment in our infrastructure. I thank the committee leadership and Senator W
ICKER for 
their support and work on this impor-tant legislation that will improve the lives of New Jerseyans and individuals across the country I urge my col-leagues to support it. 
f 
3RD ANNIVERSARY OF DACA 
PROGRAM 
Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I would 
like to commemorate the third-year anniversary of the creation of the De-ferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, DACA, program. On June 15, 2015, we celebrated this successful, although not comprehensive, policy that has provided deportation relief to more than 660,000 child immigrants nation-ally, including 14,900 in Colorado. 
This life-changing program has al-
lowed young people who were brought to the United States as children— DREAMers—to fully engage in their communities by continuing their edu-cation and having the opportunity to work. They have been able to open bank accounts, obtain credit cards, and receive driver’s licenses. Deferred ac-tion is giving these young people relief and some degree of certainty to pursue opportunities that would not have been available to them otherwise. 
DACA has given DREAMers hope for 
their future. They include DREAMers like Alex Alvarado-Renterı ´a who has 
lived in Carbondale, CO for the last 18 years and has known no other home outside of the United States. Alex’s parents migrated from Mexico and worked as farmworkers in order to give their children an opportunity for a bet-ter life. Alex was granted DACA and has since graduated from the Metro-politan State University of Denver with a bachelor of arts in history and Chicana/o studies. He now plans to be-come the first in his family to earn an advanced degree by attending law school and opening up his own immi-gration law practice one day. 
We also have DREAMers like Lourdes 
Bustos from Denver, CO who has lived in the United States for the last 26 years and who was able to stay with her children upon receiving DACA. It was years before Lourdes realized she was not documented and would not be able to work legally or get a driver’s li-cense. Granting her deferred action meant that she would not be separated from her family. Lourdes has grad-uated from high school and has opened her own painting business. 
DACA has played a transformative 
role in increasing social and economic integration for youth who have been raised and educated in our country. It has given DREAMers an opportunity to 
invest in their futures. It has empow-ered DREAMers with a sense of com-munity and belonging. 
This program has helped many of our 
young people, but only offers a tem-porary solution to the unfair con-sequences of our broken immigration system. This anniversary should also serve as a stark reminder that every day that Congress fails to enact immi-gration reform, it jeopardizes our econ-omy, our safety, and our communities. It is time to put politics aside and work to enact comprehensive immigra-tion reform. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ADMIRAL SAMUEL 
LOCKLEAR 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, after a 
lifetime of service to our Nation, ADM Samuel J. Locklear III recently stepped down as Commander of United States Pacific Command and retired from the U.S. Navy. On this occasion, I wish to honor Admiral Locklear’s 43 years of distinguished uniformed serv-ice to our Nation. 
Admiral Locklear graduated from the 
U.S. Naval Academy in 1977. He has led at every level from command-at-sea to theater command. Prior to assuming command of the United States Pacific Command, he commanded U.S. Naval Forces Europe and concurrently, U.S. Naval Forces Africa and NATO’s Com-mander of the Allied Joint Force Com-mand, where his leadership was instru-mental in galvanizing an effective coa-lition of 18 NATO nations to support the complex Libya air campaign. 
At Pacific Command, Admiral 
Locklear provided the strategic vision required to lead in a region vital to America’s future peace and prosperity. He has presided over the rebalance to the Asia-Pacific with an even-keeled leadership approach that has focused our Nation in a time of difficult secu-rity challenges and austere budgets. Pacific Command is the oldest and largest of our geographic commands encompassing roughly half of the Earth’s surface, extending from pole to pole and across the vastness of two great oceans. Admiral Locklear skill-fully navigated the complexities and competing interests of this expansive theater. He has worked to strengthen alliances, reinvigorate old ones, cul-tivate new partnerships, and maintain a robust forward presence to assure and defend our allies and partners. 
Admiral Locklear’s legacy of service 
will be as a driving force behind a re-newed commitment to protecting America’s enduring interests in the Asia-Pacific region. When the Nation needed its very best in military experi-ence, leadership, and advice to confront the challenges and threats we face globally, Admiral Locklear answered the call. 
I join many past and present mem-
bers of the Senate Armed Services Committee in my gratitude to ADM Samuel Locklear for his outstanding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN6.012 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4644 June 25, 2015 
leadership and his unwavering commit-
ment to the peace and stability of the Asia-Pacific region. His impact will continue into the coming decades and our Navy and our Nation will feel his absence. I wish him and his wife Pam ‘‘fair winds and following seas.’’ 
f 
REMEMBERING LIEUTENANT 
ROBERT ‘‘STAN’’ LOWE 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, 
today I wish to honor and remember one of Wyoming’s many World War II heroes, LT Robert ‘‘Stan’’ Lowe. On Friday, June 19, 2015, Wyoming and our Nation lost one its most revered vet-erans advocates. Stan lived to be 92 years old. 
In 1943, Stan chose to serve his Na-
tion rather than complete his college studies and join the U.S. Merchant Ma-rines. The Merchant Marines’ mission was one of the most dangerous and im-portant missions during World War II. The mission was critical to ensuring our servicemen had the resources they needed to ultimately defeat tyranny. While Lieutenant Lowe was keeping the sea lanes open and secure and he also had more than one job. Stan was a staff officer handling payroll and per-sonnel matters, ran the ship store, and carried out chaplain duties. He even served as a tour coordinator for port calls to keep the young mariners out of trouble. In addition to manning their battle stations, this was the life of a Merchant Marine. 
When Lieutenant Lowe returned to 
the United States in 1946, he like many of his fellow veterans returned to school. He went on to get a law degree. Like your traditional Merchant Ma-rine, Stan never wore just one hat. He was first a mariner and then an attor-ney. He served in the Wyoming State House of Representatives and as the Carbon County Attorney. Throughout most of Stan’s professional career he served as general counsel to True Oil. 
Stan was the first commissioner ap-
pointed to Wyoming Veterans Commis-sion. He served under two Governors and chaired the commission. He retired with the title of chairman emeritus. Stan never stopped serving our vet-erans or our community. Stan was a mentor and teacher to many of Wyo-ming’s veterans. In every veteran he came across, he instilled the virtue that the oath servicemen and women take does not expire when you take off the uniform. He strongly believed he had responsibility to help his fellow veterans to honor and respect current servicemen and women and to serve his community. 
Stan was always very involved in his 
community working with the Casper Rotary Club and the American Legion to name a few. He always worked be-hind the scenes for many causes espe-cially for veterans. If it was the vet-erans’ museum, efforts to protect the benefits of the widows of veterans, WWII Honor Flights or veteran license plates, Stan probably had his finger prints all over it. Stan also fought hard 
to get the Merchant Marines recog-nized with veteran status. He and Mer-chant Marines around the Nation fi-nally got this much deserved recogni-tion in 1988. 
For almost 30 years, on every Memo-
rial Day, Stan would recite Flanders Field at the Oregon Trail Veterans Cemetery. It was always a humbling experience. In his later years, despite the pain, Stan would rise from his chair like a maestro stepping up to a podium. With a quiet tone that could reach the back of the chapel, Stan would begin by reciting the poem. His voice would draw you into a moment in time reminding you of the silence of peace. Children and adults alike would hang on his every word and Stan’s voice, like a lullaby, reminded us of soldiers who were loved and paid the ultimate price for freedom. For that moment, you felt warm and secure in their remembrance. As gently he begun he would end and quietly sit. The only sound you could hear was the breath-ing of the crowd. 
Stan was preceded in death by his 
wife Anne ‘‘Pat’’ Kirtland Selden Lowe, and is survived by his two children Robert J. Lowe and wife Lanette and Meganne L. Acres and husband Craig, sister-in-law Ruth Selden Sturgill, brother-in-law George L. Selden, 
grandchildren Parker and Dalton Lowe, Hannah and Ben Acres, niece Lauren and husband Bill Gasmick, nephew John Lefferdink and Lanette’s father Jerry Kelly. 
Stan epitomizes the service and sac-
rifice of our men and women in uni-form and service to our communities. It also epitomizes the Rotary motto ‘‘Service Above Self.’’ People like Stan Lowe do not come around often so we thank him for all he has done to make our Nation safe and Wyoming a better State. 
Stan, my friend, as they say in the 
Merchant Marines, ‘‘fair winds and fol-lowing seas.’’ 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING THE NASWA 80TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
∑Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, I wish 
to honor a long standing New Hamp-shire institution, often called ‘‘the ul-timate NH Resort Destination.’’ The NASWA Resort at Weirs Beach in La-conia, NH, also known as, ‘‘The Naz,’’ is named for the natural spring water that was found at the site of the origi-nal cabins. 
This year, the NASWA will celebrate 
its 80th year of continuous operation in the Granite State. As the 6th annual NASWA Day approaches, it is a time to celebrate the thousands of people from New Hampshire and around the coun-try who have visited this relaxing des-tination overlooking Paugus Bay on Lake Winnipesaukee. 
Drawing guests from the Lakes Re-
gion to the White Mountains, the NASWA is a place for people to enjoy 
the beauty of the Granite State, family fun, summertime entertainment and recreation. People of all ages can enjoy paddleboats, fine and casual dining, gather with friends, or take a swim in the lake. Founded by Greek immi-grants in 1935, the NASWA is still a family-run business, owned and oper-ated by Hope Makris, who continues to live on the property, her daughters Cynthia and Karen, and the rest of the family. To this day, you will find Hope in the kitchen, baking all of the des-serts, including Greek pastries. 
The Makris family has made tremen-
dous contributions to the community. Each year, the NASWA hosts the Peter Makris Memorial Run in honor of Hope’s late husband, which benefits the Laconia Fire Department’s Life Saving Fund and Water Rescue Team. The Makris family is also committed to serving veterans. Hope’s daughter Cyn-thia serves as the Lakes Region chair-woman of the Easter Seals Veterans Count program; and for the past 14 years, the NASWA has hosted the Easter Seals Land and Lake Poker Run. The run further benefits the Easter Seals of New Hampshire and the Veterans Count program. 
As a native Granite Stater and on be-
half of the State of New Hampshire, I congratulate the NASWA and the Makris family. After 80 years, the NASWA continues to be a beloved New Hampshire destination, and I wish the Makris family the very best for many more decades to come. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING RALPH J. ROBERTS 
∑Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I wish 
today to remember Ralph J. Roberts, a proud Pennsylvanian and a national business leader. Ralph passed away on 
June 18, 2015, at the age of 95, after a long life of personal and professional success. 
To many across our Nation, Ralph 
was best known as the founder of Comcast, where he served for 46 years as the chief executive officer. Navi-gating complex technological develop-ments in a competitive entertainment market, Ralph’s entrepreneurial spirit helped lead Comcast from a small, local startup in 1963 to the country’s largest cable television company today. His professional achievements complemented his extensive philan-thropic work; Ralph held positions on several charitable boards in Philadel-phia, where he offered his business acu-men to support local economic and community development projects. 
One of the defining aspects of Ralph’s 
career was undoubtedly his enduring partnership with his son Brian, as they built a strong business team while maintaining their close father-son re-lationship. As the New York Times wrote on June 19, 2015: 
Mr. Roberts, typically dapper in his signa-
ture bow tie and Brooks Brothers suits, be-came his son’s mentor and sounding board, and the two were admired as a potent busi-ness partnership while never displaying the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.051 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4645 June 25, 2015 
kind of strained and tempestuous relation-
ship that can flare when a son succeeds a successful father. 
‘‘Since I was 12, all I wanted to do was 
work with my dad,’’ Brian Roberts said in an interview for this obituary. ‘‘I believe the reason we are still in this business when so many others have long since departed was his will to succeed, and to do it with certain core values and integrity. Maybe it was los-ing both his parents before he was 21, living through the Depression, but somehow he be-came an optimist. He was the most opti-mistic man I ever knew. He never told me anything I wanted to do at Comcast was a bad idea, and after more than 30 years, you’d think I’ve had a lot of bad ideas.’’ 
Together, Brian and Ralph had many 
good ideas that brought television to tens of millions across America. We are all forever grateful for Ralph Roberts’ contributions to the American business world and to telecommunications. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and our Nation benefited from Ralph’s hard work and vision. Our prayers are with his wife Suzanne, his children, and his grandchildren. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING COLONEL PAUL F. 
DUDLEY, RETIRED 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today 
we honor the life and service of Col. Paul F. Dudley, Retired, whose passing signifies a great loss to Nevada. I send my condolences and prayers to his wife Barbara and all of Mr. Dudley’s family in this time of mourning, including his 6 children, 16 grandchildren, and 18 great-grandchildren. Mr. Dudley was a man committed to his family, his coun-try, his State, and his community. He will be sorely missed. 
Mr. Dudley was born on April 24, 1925, 
in Marengo, OH. After graduating from high school, he enlisted in the Marines and served during World War II. Fol-lowing the war, Mr. Dudley attended Otterbein College and served his local community as an Ohio State Patrol trooper and detective. He later served in the Ohio Air National Guard, fol-lowing graduating first in his class from the Air Force in Colorado as a nu-clear weapons maintenance officer and returning to active duty. Throughout his service with the Ohio Air National Guard, he commanded the NATO Spe-cial Ammunition Storage Site in Ghedi, Italy. In 1975, he moved his fam-ily to Las Vegas and served at Nellis Air Force Base to command the Avia-tion Depot Squadron. Mr. Dudley’s service to this country has been invalu-able. 
From serving in World War II, to his 
Air Force assignments as a nuclear safety officer in Italy, to his duty as an inspector general at the Tan Son Nhut Air Base in South Vietnam, his bravery was without limit. Mr. Dudley received two Distinguished Flying Cross medals for his extraordinary actions as a Ma-rine radioman-gunner during World War II and also flew in 43 combat mis-sions throughout the Pacific campaign. 
As a World War II veteran, Mr. Dud-
ley’s commitment to his country, as well as his dedication to his family and 
community, exemplified why the leg-acy of all World War II veterans must be preserved for generations to come. These veterans truly are the ‘‘greatest generation’’—selflessly serving not for recognition, but because it was the right thing to do. As a member of the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee, I recognize that Congress has a responsi-bility not only to honor these brave in-dividuals, but to ensure they are cared for when they return home. I remain committed to upholding this promise for our veterans and servicemembers in Nevada and throughout the Nation. 
I extend my deepest sympathies to 
Barbara and all of Mr. Dudley’s family. We will always remember Mr. Dudley for his courageous contributions to the United States of America. His service to his country and dedication to his family and community earn him a place among the outstanding men and women who have valiantly defended our Nation. 
Throughout his life, Mr. Dudley 
maintained a dedication to keeping this great Nation safe, which I am hon-ored to commend. His patriotism and drive will never be forgotten. Today, I join the Las Vegas community and citizens of the Silver State to celebrate the life of an upstanding Nevadan. ∑ 
f 
CONGRATULATING FOOTHILL HIGH 
SCHOOL 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today, I 
wish to congratulate Foothill High School on its team of students selected as the Southwest regional winner and third place overall in the sixth annual Vans Custom Culture shoe designing contest. The contest was highly com-petitive with 2,529 schools registered to participate. Five students, including April Siglos, Cayleigh Miner, Catherine Swift, Shelby Baker, and Aimee Perry, were chosen to represent the high school at the award ceremony in New York. Students Daniel Di’Antonio and Elizabeth Marshall were also impor-tant contributors to the team, partici-pating in the design process. Competi-tors were required to design pairs of shoes for four categories including art, music, action sports, and local flavor. The team won a total of $4,000 for its achievement in being selected in the top five competitors, a contribution that will help future Foothill students for years to come. 
The contest has been utilized by 
Foothill High School art teacher Sarah Plough as a classroom assignment in recent years, giving students the op-portunity to harness their creative side and apply their art skills to a three-di-mensional object. Students in Ms. Plough’s class were also assigned to participate in local contests, bringing their artwork outside of Foothill High School’s walls and into the local com-munity. Ms. Plough’s drive to bring op-portunity to her students is appre-ciated by the entire Foothill High School and Las Vegas communities. The students are shining examples to 
their fellow Foothill Falcons, focusing a great amount of time and effort to create phenomenal artwork for the competition. They spent 5 weeks work-ing on their designs and even devoted hours over spring break to their projects. They should be proud of their hard work and their great accomplish-ment. 
I am excited to see local students 
bringing recognition to both Nevada and to Foothill High School for their advancement in a national competi-tion. Their accolade is well deserved. Today, I ask my colleagues to join me and all Nevadans in congratulating Foothill High School for its success and its honorable representation of Ne-vada. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RAEGAN ARNOLDY 
∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Raegan Arnoldy, an intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. 
Raegan is a graduate of Lyman Coun-
ty High School in Presho, SD. Cur-rently, Raegan is attending the Univer-sity of Nebraska–Lincoln, where she is majoring in communication studies and business administration. Raegan is a dedicated worker who has been com-mitted to getting the most out of her experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Raegan Arnoldy for all of the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MACI BURKE 
∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Maci Burke, an intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. 
Maci is a graduate of Chamberlain 
High School in Chamberlain, SD. Cur-rently, Maci is attending the Univer-sity of Nebraska-Lincoln, where she is majoring in political science. Maci is a dedicated worker who has been com-mitted to getting the most out of her experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Maci Burke for all of the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DANIELLE KERR 
∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Danielle Kerr, an intern in my Rapid City, SD, office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. 
Danielle is a graduate of Stevens 
High School in Rapid City, SD as well as the University of Nebraska–Lincoln, UNL, with an English major. Currently she has been accepted into the 2018 class at the UNL College of Law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.007 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4646 June 25, 2015 
Danielle is a dedicated worker who has 
been committed to getting the most out of her experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Danielle Kerr for all of the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ALEX SACHTJEN 
∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Alex Sachtjen, an intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. 
Alex is a graduate of Burke High 
School in Burke, SD. Currently, Alex is attending Augustana College, where he is majoring in government and inter-national affairs and business adminis-tration. Alex is a dedicated worker who has been committed to getting the most out of his experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Alex Sachtjen for all of the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TIARA TINGLE 
∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Tiara Tingle, an intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. 
Tiara is a graduate of Brandon Val-
ley High School in Brandon, SD. Cur-rently, Tiara is attending the Univer-sity of Nebraska-Lincoln, where she is majoring in economics. Tiara is a dedi-cated worker who has been committed to getting the most out of her experi-ence. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Tiara Tingle for all of the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
At 10:18 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House agrees to the resolution (H. Res. 340) returning to the Senate the bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, and, in the opinion of this House, contravenes the first clause of the seventh section of the first article of the Constitution of the United States and is an infringe-ment of the privileges of this House and that such bill, with the Senate amendment thereto, shall be respect-fully returned to the Senate with a message communicating this resolu-tion. 
At 1:45 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-
nounced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 2042. An act to allow for judicial re-
view of any final rule addressing carbon di-oxide emissions from existing fossil fuel- fired electric utility generating units before requiring compliance with such rule, and to allow States to protect households and busi-nesses from significant adverse effects on electricity ratepayers or reliability. 
The message also announced that the 
House disagrees to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 1735) to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, and asks for a conference with the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and appoints the fol-lowing Members as managers of the conference on the part of the House: 
From the Committee on Armed Serv-
ices: Messrs. T
HORNBERRY , F ORBES , 
MILLER of Florida, W ILSON of South 
Carolina, L OBIONDO , BISHOP of Utah, 
TURNER , KLINE, ROGERS of Alabama, 
SHUSTER , CONAWAY , L AMBORN , W ITT-
MAN, HUNTER , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Messrs. 
HECK of Nevada, W ENSTRUP , Ms. 
STEFANIK , Mr. S MITH of Washington, 
Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, 
Mrs. D AVIS of California, Messrs. L AN-
GEVIN , LARSEN of Washington, C OOPER , 
Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. C OURTNEY , Ms. 
TSONGAS , Messrs. G ARAMENDI , JOHNSON  
of Georgia, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. C ASTRO of 
Texas, and Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
The message further announced that 
the House agrees to the amendment of the Senate to the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 1295) to extend the Af-rican Growth and Opportunity Act, the Generalized System of Preferences, the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti, and for other purposes, with-out amendment. 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME 
The following bill was read the first 
time: 
S. 1698. A bill to exclude payments from 
State eugenics compensation programs from consideration in determining eligibility for, or the amount of, Federal public benefits. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with amendments: 
S. 1180. A bill to amend the Homeland Se-
curity Act of 2002 to direct the Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency to modernize the integrated public alert and warning system of the United States, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–73). 
By Mr. BLUNT, from the Committee on 
Appropriations, without amendment: S. 1695. An original bill making appropria-
tions for the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–74). 
By Ms. COLLINS, from the Committee on 
Appropriations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: 
H.R. 2577. An act making appropriations 
for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–75). 
By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on 
Foreign Relations, without amendment and with a preamble: 
S. Res. 204. A resolution recognizing June 
20, 2015 as ‘‘World Refugee Day’’. 
S. Res. 207. A resolution recognizing 
threats to freedom of the press and expres-sion around the world and reaffirming free-dom of the press as a priority in efforts of the United States Government to promote democracy and good governance. 
By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on 
Foreign Relations, with amendments and an amendment to the title and with a preamble: 
S. Res. 211. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the Senate regarding Srebrenica. 
By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on 
Foreign Relations, with an amendment: 
S. 1643. A bill to require a report on actions 
to secure the safety and security of dis-sidents housed at Camp Liberty, Iraq. 
f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF 
COMMITTEES 
The following executive reports of 
nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. CORKER for the Committee on 
Foreign Relations. 
*David Hale, of New Jersey, a Career Mem-
ber of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Islamic Re-public of Pakistan. 
Nominee: David Hale. Post: Islamabad. (The following is a list of all members of 
my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) 
Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: None. 2. Spouse: N/A. 3. Children and Spouses: N/A. 4. Parents: Marjorie Freeman, $25, 5/20/10, 
RNC; $25, 2/19/12, RNC; $10, 4/12/12, RNC; $20, 8/ 15/12, RNC; $20, 9/21/12, RNC; $20, 9/27/13, RNC; $50, 4/8/14, RNC; $100, 6/30/14, RNC; $25, 9/27/12, Romney Victory Fund. 
5. Grandparents: N/A. 6. Brothers and Spouses: John Hale, $50, 4/ 
25/11, Bridgewaterepublican Municipal Com-mittee. 
7. Sisters and Spouses: $50, 4/26/13, Same. 
*Atul Keshap, of Virginia, a Career Mem-
ber of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Democratic Socialist Repub-lic of Sri Lanka, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Am-bassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Re-public of Maldives. 
Nominee: Atul Keshap. Post: Colombo, Sri Lanka. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.010 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4647 June 25, 2015 
(The following is a list of all members of 
my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) 
Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: n/a. 2. Spouse: Karen Young Keshap: n/a. 3. Children and Spouses (all unmarried 
minor children): n/a. 
4. Parents: Zoe Antoinette Calvert (moth-
er), n/a; Dr. Keshap Chander Sen, Ph.D. (fa-ther—deceased 2008: n/a. 
5. Grandparents: Chaudhry Bhawani Das 
Arora (deceased 1965): n/a; Chinko Bhai Sachdeva (deceased 1991): n/a; Richard Creagh Mackubin Calvert (deceased 1968): n/a; Margaret Taylor Calvert (deceased 2003): n/a. 
6. Brothers and Spouses: Kiran Keshap (un-
married): n/a; Arun Keshap (unmarried): n/a; Rahul and Rochelle Keshap: $500, 03/14/2010, Thomas Perriello; $100, 08/10/2010, Thomas Perriello. 
7. Sisters and Spouses: No sisters. 
*Alaina B. Teplitz, of Illinois, a Career 
Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal. 
Nominee: Alaina Beth Teplitz. Post: Federal Democratic Republic of 
Nepal. 
(The following is a list of all members of 
my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) 
Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: none. 2. Spouse: N/A (and none prior to divorce). 3. Children and Spouses: Maximilien 
Mellott, none; Miles Mellott, none. 
4. Parents: Marsha Neece, none; Jack 
Teplitz, please see attached; Marcella Teplitz, none. 
5. Grandparents: Thomas Freeman, none; 
Janis Freeman, none. 
6. Brothers and Spouses: Nathan Teplitz, 
none. 
7. Sisters and Spouses: N/A. 
Jack Teplitz, Political Donations—Jan. 1, 
2010–Sep. 11, 2014 
Date, description, amount: 
2010 
02/24/10, Democratic National Committee, 
Barack Obama, 100.00. 
03/23/10, Democratic National Committee, 
Barack Obama, 50.00. 
06/29/10, Democratic National Committee, 
50.00. 
09/03/10, Democratic National Committee, 
25.00. 
09/28/10, Democratic National Committee, 
25.00. 
10/12/10, Democratic National Committee, 
Barack Obama, 90.00. 
10/28/10, Democratic National Committee, 
Barack Obama, 10.00. 
10/28/10, Democratic National Committee, 
Barack Obama, 75.00. 
10/31/10, Democratic National Committee, 
Barack Obama, 5.00. 
Total 2010: 430.00. 
2011 
01/21/11, Citizens for Grayeb (Peoria City 
Council), 100.00. 
02/16/11, Friends of Chuck Weaver (Peoria 
City Council), 50.00. 
06/30/11, Obama for America, 100.00. 08/11/11, Obama for America, 100.00. 
09/06/11, Citizens for Koehler (IL State Sen-
ate), 100.00. 
11/01/11, Democratic Congressional Cam-
paign Committee, 50.00. 
12/01/11, Committee to Elect Kate Gorman 
(IL Circuit Court Judge), 100.00. 
12/29/11, Democratic Congressional Cam-
paign Committee, 50.00. 
Total 2011: 650.00. 
2012 
05/04/12, Obama for America, 25.00. 
08/21/12, ActBlue*Donate to Dems, 38.50. 09/06/12, Obama Victory Fund, 150.00. 09/07/12, Obama Victory Fund, 100.00. 09/28/12, ActBlue*DCCC-House Democrats, 
55.00. 
10/11/12, Friends of Dave Koehler (IL State 
Senate), 100.00. 
Total 2012: 468.50. 
2013 
01/31/13, Chuck Grayeb for Council (Peoria 
City Council), 200.00. 
Total 2013: 200.00. 
2014 
08/07/14, ActBlue*Cheri Bustos (US Rep 
from IL), 50.00. 
Total 2014: 50.00. 
Black Heron, LLC, Political Donations—Jan. 
1, 2010–Sep. 11, 2014 
Date, description, amount: 
2010 
10/06/10, Batavians Against Debt, 9,233.13. 
10/13/10, Batavians Against Debt, 8,156.44. 10/21/10, Batavians Against Debt, 9,000.00. 10/28/10, Batavians Against Debt, 6,755.74. 12/08/10, Batavians Against Debt, 17,394.16. Total 2010: 50,539.47. 
2011 
02/03/11, Batavians Against Debt, 400.00. 
02/18/11, Batavians Against Debt, 5,462.00. Total 2011: 5,862.00. These were contributions to a group in Ba-
tavia, IL that was opposed to a Park District referendum which wanted authority to con-struct a multi-million dollar fitness center. This facility would have had an adverse ef-fect on one of my fathers most substantial clients. The contributions were made by Black Heron, LLC, a company he formed and for which he was the sole owner/member. 
*William A. Heidt, of Pennsylvania, a Ca-
reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambas-sador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the King-dom of Cambodia. 
Nominee: William A. Heidt. Post: Cambodia. (The following is a list of all members of 
my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) 
Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: None. 2. Spouse: Sotie Kenmano Heidt, None. 3. Children and Spouses: Allen Soriya 
Heidt, None. 
4. Parents: Robert E. Heidt—deceased; Au-
drey C. Heidt—deceased. 
5. Grandparents: William D. Heidt—de-
ceased; Emma Heidt—deceased; Henry Weber—deceased; Myrtle Weber—deceased. 
6. Brothers and Spouses: Stephen R. Heidt, 
$8,800, Various (2011–15), Hewlett Packard (Payroll deductions) Company PAC; Pam S. Knudsen, None; Kenneth R. Heidt—deceased; Lenny Heidt, None; John D. Heidt, None; Ni-cole Heidt, None; Paul E. Heidt, None; Carrie Heidt, None. 
7. Sisters and Spouses: Catherine Savvas, 
$130, 2011, KeyCorp Advocate Fund; $130, 2012, KeyCorp Advocate Fund; $75 (est.), 2013, 
KeyCorp Advocate Fund; Savvas H. Savvas, $260, 2011, MWH PAC; $260, 2012, MWH PAC; $260, 2013, MWH PAC; $270, 2014, MWH PAC; $80, 2014, MWH PAC; Beth Praskwiecz, None; John Praskwiecz, None. 
*Glyn Townsend Davies, of the District of 
Columbia, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Kingdom of Thailand. 
Nominee: Glyn T. Davies. Post: Bangkok, Thailand. (The following is a list of all members of 
my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) 
Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: None. 2. Spouse: None. 3. Children and Spouses: Ashley M. Spring-
er (daughter): None; Chapin L. Springer (spouse): $100, 2009, Barack Obama; $50, 2012, DCCC; Theodora E. Davies (daughter): None. 
4. Parents: Richard T. Davies—deceased; 
Jean S. Davies: None. 
5. Grandparents: Wilmer E. Stevens—de-
ceased; Alice H. Stevens—deceased; John Da-vies—deceased; Laura Davies—deceased. 
6. Brothers and Spouses: John S. Davies: 
None; Lou Michaels (spouse): None; Michael H. Davies: None; Stephen A. Davies: None. 
7. Sisters and Spouses: None. 
*Jennifer Zimdahl Galt, of Colorado, a Ca-
reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambas-sador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to Mongolia. 
Nominee: Jennifer Zimdahl Galt. Post: Ambassador to Mongolia. (The following is a list of all members of 
my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) 
Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: None. 2. Spouse: Frederick Mahler Galt: $250, 06/ 
27/2012, Obama, Barack via Obama for Amer-ica; $250, 06/27/2012, Obama Victory Fund 2012; $250, 09/1/2012, Obama, Barack via Obama for America. 
3. Children and Spouses: Phoebe Anna Galt 
(no spouse): None; Dylan Chase Galt (no spouse): None. 
4. Parents: Robert Lawrence Zimdahl: 
None; Ann Osborn Zimdahl (mother)—de-ceased; Pamela Jeanne McLean (ne ´e Lutz) 
Zimdahl (stepmother)—deceased; Karen Roney (ne ´e Johnson) Zimdahl (stepmother): 
None. 
5. Grandparents: Clinton Morris Osborn— 
deceased; Catherine Ruth Osborn—deceased; Mildred Maria (ne ´e Lawrence) Zimdahl—de-
ceased; Alfred Frank Zimdahl—deceased. 
6. Brothers and Spouses: Randall Lawrence 
Zimdahl: None; Michelle Zimdahl (spouse): None; Robert Osborn Zimdahl (no spouse): None; Thomas Edward Zimdahl: None; Britt Meisenheimer (marriage 9/20/2014): None. 
7. Sisters and Spouses: n/a. 
*Brian James Egan, of Maryland, to be 
Legal Adviser of the Department of State. 
*Janet L. Yellen, of California, to be 
United States Alternate Governor of the International Monetary Fund for a term of five years. 
By Mr. THUNE for the Committee on Com-
merce, Science, and Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN6.011 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4648 June 25, 2015 
*Coast Guard nomination of Brian J. 
Maggi, to be Lieutenant Commander. 
*Coast Guard nominations beginning with 
Anna W. Hickey and ending with Kimberly C. Young-Mclear, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 21, 2015. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-
ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. SANDERS: 
S. 1677. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to reinstate estate and gen-eration-skipping taxes, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. BOOZMAN: 
S. 1678. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 201 B Street in Perryville, Arkansas, as ‘‘Harold George Bennett Post Office’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
By Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. 
T
ESTER ): 
S. 1679. A bill to amend the Flood Disaster 
Protection Act of 1973 to require that certain buildings and personal property be covered by flood insurance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mr. 
B
OOKER , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. M AR-
KEY): 
S. 1680. A bill to improve the condition and 
performance of the national multimodal freight network, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. SCHUMER: 
S. 1681. A bill to criminalize the knowing 
use of commercial robocalls without the prior express written consent of the recipi-ent, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. KIRK (for himself and Mr. 
M
ENENDEZ ): 
S. 1682. A bill to extend the Iran Sanctions 
Act of 1996 and to require the Secretary of the Treasury to report on the use by Iran of funds made available through sanctions re-lief; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mrs. 
E
RNST , and Mr. B LUNT ): 
S. 1683. A bill to provide for the establish-
ment of a process for the review of rules and sets of rules, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
By Mr. KIRK (for himself and Mr. 
H
OEVEN ): 
S. 1684. A bill to amend the Volunteer Pro-
tection Act of 1997 to provide for liability protection for organizations and entities; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. WICKER (for himself and Mr. 
B
LUMENTHAL ): 
S. 1685. A bill to direct the Federal Com-
munications Commission to extend to pri-vate land use restrictions its rule relating to reasonable accommodation of amateur serv-ice communications; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Mr. 
W
HITEHOUSE , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. FRANKEN , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. R EED, 
Ms. H IRONO , Mr. M ANCHIN , and Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL ): 
S. 1686. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for the proper tax treatment of personal service income earned in pass-thru entities; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. WYDEN: 
S. 1687. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to restrict the insurance business exception to passive foreign invest-ment company rules; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. CARPER (for himself, Ms. 
B
ALDWIN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. B OOKER , 
Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C OONS , Mr. D URBIN , 
Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. 
LEAHY , Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. M URRAY , 
Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S CHUMER , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. R EID, and Ms. 
MIKULSKI ): 
S. 1688. A bill to provide for the admission 
of the State of New Columbia into the Union; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. BROWN: 
S. 1689. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to reduce the funding available for a State under the national highway per-formance program and the surface transpor-tation program if the State issues a license plate that contains an image of a flag of the Confederate States of America, including the Battle Flag of the Confederate States of America; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and 
Mrs. M
URRAY ): 
S. 1690. A bill to establish the Mountains to 
Sound Greenway National Heritage Area in the State of Washington; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. BARRASSO: 
S. 1691. A bill to expedite and prioritize for-
est management activities to achieve eco-system restoration objectives, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. R
OB-
ERTS , and Mr. D ONNELLY ): 
S. 1692. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to clarify the use of a towaway trailer transportation combination, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Ms. HIRONO: 
S. 1693. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to expand eligibility for reim-bursement for emergency medical treatment to certain veterans that were unable to re-ceive care from the Department of Veterans Affairs in the 24-month period preceding the furnishing of such emergency treatment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and 
Mrs. M
URRAY ): 
S. 1694. A bill to amend Public Law 103–434 
to authorize Phase III of the Yakima River Basin Water Enhancement Project for the purposes of improving water management in the Yakima River basin, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
By Mr. BLUNT: 
S. 1695. An original bill making appropria-
tions for the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Appropriations; placed on the calendar. 
By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. 
P
ERDUE ): 
S. 1696. A bill to redesignate the Ocmulgee 
National Monument in the State of Georgia, to revise the boundary of that monument, and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and 
Ms. H
EITKAMP ): 
S. 1697. A bill to provide an exception from 
certain group health plan requirements to allow small businesses to use pre-tax dollars to assist employees in the purchase of poli-cies in the individual health insurance mar-ket, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. TILLIS (for himself, Mr. C
AR-
PER, Mr. B URR, Mr. K AINE, and Mr. 
WARNER ): 
S. 1698. A bill to exclude payments from 
State eugenics compensation programs from consideration in determining eligibility for, or the amount of, Federal public benefits; read the first time. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. 
M
ERKLEY ): 
S. 1699. A bill to designate certain land ad-
ministered by the Bureau of Land Manage-ment and the Forest Service in the State of Oregon as wilderness and national recreation areas and to make additional wild and scenic river designations in the State of Oregon, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. 1700. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Army, acting through the Chief of Engi-neers, to establish a program to provide loans and loan guarantees to enable eligible public entities to purchase credits from miti-gation banks or in-lieu fee programs or ac-quire interests in real property that are ac-quired pursuant to mitigation projects re-quired under certain Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act permits, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. 1701. A bill to amend the Federal Water 
Pollution Control Act to modify a provision relating to discharges of dredged or fill ma-terial into navigable waters at specified dis-posal sites; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
By Mr. KING (for himself, Ms. C
OLLINS , 
Mr. L EAHY , and Mr. M ANCHIN ): 
S. 1702. A bill to require the administering 
authority to determine an individual countervailable subsidy rate upon request if four or fewer exporters and producers are in-volved in the investigation or review, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. UDALL: 
S. 1703. A bill to direct the Administrator 
of the National Highway Traffic Safety Ad-ministration to carry out a collaborative re-search effort to prevent drunk driving inju-ries and fatalities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. ENZI: 
S.J. Res. 17. A joint resolution proposing 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to give States the right to re-peal Federal laws and regulations when rati-fied by the legislatures of two-thirds of the several States; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN: 
S. Res. 214. A resolution commemorating 
the 85th anniversary of the Daughters of Pe-nelope, a preeminent international women’s association and an affiliate organization of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN6.004 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4649 June 25, 2015 
the American Hellenic Educational Progres-
sive Association; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Mr. 
H
ELLER , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. 
INHOFE , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. 
DURBIN , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. S TABENOW , 
Mr. T HUNE , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. G RASS -
LEY, Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. 
BROWN , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. D ONNELLY , 
Mr. C RAPO , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. R OB-
ERTS , Mr. T ESTER , Ms. H IRONO , and 
Ms. C OLLINS ): 
S. Res. 215. A resolution designating the 
month of June 2015 as ‘‘National Post-Trau-matic Stress Disorder Awareness Month’’ and June 27, 2015, as ‘‘National Post-Trau-matic Stress Disorder Awareness Day’’; con-sidered and agreed to. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN: 
S. Res. 216. A resolution recognizing the 
month of June 2015 as ‘‘Immigrant Heritage Month’’, a celebration of the accomplish-ments and contributions immigrants and their children have made in shaping the his-tory, strengthening the economy, and en-riching the culture of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 139 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 139, a bill to permanently allow an exclusion under the Supplemental Se-curity Income program and the Med-icaid program for compensation pro-vided to individuals who participate in clinical trials for rare diseases or con-ditions. 
S. 439 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 439, a bill to end discrimination based on actual or perceived sexual ori-entation or gender identity in public schools, and for other purposes. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presump-tions relating to the exposure of cer-tain veterans who served in the vicin-ity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes. 
S. 697 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the 
names of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ), the Senator from New Hamp-
shire (Ms. A YOTTE ) and the Senator 
from Montana (Mr. D AINES ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 697, a bill to amend the Toxic Substances Control Act to reauthorize and modernize that Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 804 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 804, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to specify cov-erage of continuous glucose monitoring devices, and for other purposes. 
S. 890 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the 
names of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C ASEY ) and the Senator 
from Maryland (Mr. C ARDIN ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 890, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide consistent and reliable author-ity for, and for the funding of, the Land and Water Conservation Fund to maxi-mize the effectiveness of the Fund for future generations, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 957 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 957, a bill to increase access to capital for veteran entrepreneurs to help create jobs. 
S. 987 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 987, a bill to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to allow deduc-tions and credits relating to expendi-tures in connection with marijuana sales conducted in compliance with State law. 
S. 1016 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, his 
name was withdrawn as a cosponsor of S. 1016, a bill to preserve freedom and choice in health care. 
S. 1140 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1140, a bill to require the Secretary of the Army and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to propose a regulation revising the definition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’, and for other purposes. 
S. 1250 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1250, a bill to encourage States to require the installation of residential carbon monoxide detectors in homes, and for other purposes. 
S. 1403 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1403, a bill to amend the Magnuson-Ste-vens Fishery Conservation and Man-agement Act to promote sustainable conservation and management for the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic fish-eries and the communities that rely on them, and for other purposes. 
S. 1438 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1438, a bill to allow women greater access to safe and effective contracep-tion. 
S. 1495 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1495, a bill to curtail the use of changes in mandatory programs affect-ing the Crime Victims Fund to inflate spending. 
S. 1512 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1512, a bill to eliminate discrimination and promote women’s health and economic security by ensur-ing reasonable workplace accommoda-tions for workers whose ability to per-form the functions of a job are limited by pregnancy, childbirth, or a related medical condition. 
S. 1513 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1513, a bill to reauthorize the Sec-ond Chance Act of 2007. 
S. 1538 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1538, a bill to reform the financing of Senate elections, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1580 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1580, a bill to allow additional ap-pointing authorities to select individ-uals from competitive service certifi-cates. 
S. 1591 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1591, a bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide a path-way for temporary seasonal employees in Federal land management agencies to compete for vacant permanent posi-tions under internal merit promotion procedures, and for other purposes. 
S. 1603 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1603, a bill to actively recruit members of the Armed Forces who are separating from military service to serve as Customs and Border Protec-tion Officers. 
S. 1632 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator from Ne-
braska (Mrs. F ISCHER ), the Senator 
from Maryland (Ms. M IKULSKI ), the 
Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR ), the Senator from California 
(Mrs. F EINSTEIN ), the Senator from 
New York (Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ), the Sen-
ator from Alaska (Ms. M URKOWSKI ), the 
Senator from Washington (Ms. C ANT-
WELL ) and the Senator from New 
Hampshire (Mrs. S HAHEEN ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 1632, a bill to re-quire a regional strategy to address the threat posed by Boko Haram. 
S. 1641 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1641, a bill to improve the use by the Department of Veterans Affairs of opioids in treating veterans, to im-prove patient advocacy by the Depart-ment, and to expand availability of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN6.005 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4650 June 25, 2015 
complementary and integrative health, 
and for other purposes. 
S. 1643 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1643, a bill to require a re-port on actions to secure the safety and security of dissidents housed at Camp Liberty, Iraq. 
S. 1659 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1659, a bill to amend the Vot-ing Rights Act of 1965 to revise the cri-teria for determining which States and political subdivisions are subject to section 4 of the Act, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1676 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
names of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) and the Senator from New 
Mexico (Mr. U DALL ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1676, a bill to increase the number of graduate medical edu-cation positions treating veterans, to improve the compensation of health care providers, medical directors, and directors of Veterans Integrated Serv-ice Networks of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 207 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. Res. 207, a resolution rec-ognizing threats to freedom of the press and expression around the world and reaffirming freedom of the press as a priority in efforts of the United States Government to promote democ-racy and good governance. 
S. RES. 211 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. Res. 211, a resolution ex-pressing the sense of the Senate re-garding Srebrenica. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. WYDEN: 
S. 1687. A bill to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to restrict the in-surance business exception to passive foreign investment company rules; to the Committee on Finance. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I rise 
today to introduce the Offshore Rein-surance Tax Fairness Act. This bill closes a tax loophole that is being used by some U.S.-based hedge funds that set up insurance companies in places like Bermuda and the Cayman Islands where they aren’t taxed and where their earnings are sheltered from U.S. taxes. Offshore businesses that reinsure risks and that invest in U.S. hedge funds create the potential for tax avoidance of hundreds of millions of dollars. 
Under these arrangements, a hedge 
fund or hedge fund investors make a capital investment in an offshore rein-
surance company. The offshore reinsur-ance company then reinvests that cap-ital, as well as premiums it receives, in the hedge fund. The owners of the rein-surer take the position that they are not taxed on corporate earnings until either those earnings are distributed, or the investors sell the corporation’s stock at a gain reflecting those earn-ings. 
However, the hedge fund ‘‘reinsurers’’ 
are taking advantage of an exception to the passive foreign investment com-pany—or PFIC—rules of U.S. tax law. The PFIC rules are designed to prevent U.S. taxpayers from delaying U.S. tax on investment income by holding in-vestments through offshore corpora-tions. However, the PFIC rules provide an exception for income derived from the active conduct of an insurance business. The exception applies to in-come derived from the active conduct of an insurance business by a corpora-tion which is predominantly engaged in an insurance business and which would be subject to tax under Subchapter L if it were a domestic corporation. 
Current law does not prescribe how 
much insurance or reinsurance busi-ness the company must do to be consid-ered predominantly engaged in an in-surance business. Our investigative ef-forts show that some companies that are not legitimate insurance compa-nies are taking advantage of this favor-able tax treatment. 
About a year ago I asked the Treas-
ury Department and IRS to issue guid-ance to shut down this abuse. And in April, Treasury and IRS issued regula-tions that take a first step at address-ing this issue. However, while the guid-ance offers clarity in this area, a legis-lative fix is required to fully close this loophole. 
Therefore, today I am introducing 
the Offshore Reinsurance Tax Fairness Act to shut down this abuse once and for all. My bill would provide a bright- line test for determining whether a company is truly an insurance com-pany for purposes of the exception to the PFIC rules. 
Under the new rule, to be considered 
an insurance company, the company’s insurance liabilities must exceed 25 percent of its assets. If the company fails to qualify because it has 25 per-cent or less—but not less than 10 per-cent—in insurance liability assets, the company may still be predominantly engaged in the insurance business based on facts and circumstances. A company with less than 10 percent of insurance liability assets will not be considered an insurance company and, therefore, would be ineligible for the PFIC exception and subject to current taxation. 
The Offshore Reinsurance Tax Fair-
ness Act will disqualify most of the hedge fund reinsurance companies that are taking advantage of the current law loophole, making them ineligible for the PFIC exception and stopping this abuse. I look forward to working with my colleagues to enact this im-
portant reform. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill and a technical explanation be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1687 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Offshore Re-
insurance Tax Fairness Act’’. 
SEC. 2. RESTRICTION ON INSURANCE BUSINESS 
EXCEPTION TO PASSIVE FOREIGN INVESTMENT COMPANY RULES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1297(b)(2)(B) of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(B) derived in the active conduct of an in-
surance business by a qualifying insurance corporation (as defined in subsection (f)),’’. 
(b) Q
UALIFYING INSURANCE CORPORATION  
DEFINED .—Section 1297 of the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f) Q
UALIFYING INSURANCE CORPORATION .— 
For purposes of subsection (b)(2)(B)— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualifying in-
surance corporation’ means, with respect to any taxable year, a foreign corporation— 
‘‘(A) which would be subject to tax under 
subchapter L if such corporation were a do-mestic corporation, and 
‘‘(B) the applicable insurance liabilities of 
which constitute more than 25 percent of its total assets, determined on the basis of such liabilities and assets as reported on the cor-poration’s applicable financial statement for the last year ending with or within the tax-able year. 
‘‘(2) A
LTERNATIVE FACTS AND CIR -
CUMSTANCES TEST FOR CERTAIN CORPORA -
TIONS .—If a corporation fails to qualify as a 
qualified insurance corporation under para-graph (1) solely because the percentage de-termined under paragraph (1)(B) is 25 percent or less, a United States person that owns stock in such corporation may elect to treat such stock as stock of a qualifying insurance corporation if— 
‘‘(A) the percentage so determined for the 
corporation is at least 10 percent, and 
‘‘(B) under regulations provided by the 
Secretary, based on the applicable facts and circumstances— 
‘‘(i) the corporation is predominantly en-
gaged in an insurance business, and 
‘‘(ii) such failure is due solely to tem-
porary circumstances involving such insur-ance business. 
‘‘(3) A
PPLICABLE INSURANCE LIABILITIES .— 
For purposes of this subsection— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘applicable in-
surance liabilities’ means, with respect to any life or property and casualty insurance business— 
‘‘(i) loss and loss adjustment expenses, and ‘‘(ii) reserves (other than deficiency, con-
tingency, or unearned premium reserves) for life and health insurance risks and life and health insurance claims with respect to con-tracts providing coverage for mortality or morbidity risks. 
‘‘(B) L
IMITATIONS ON AMOUNT OF LIABIL -
ITIES .—Any amount determined under clause 
(i) or (ii) of subparagraph (A) shall not ex-ceed the lesser of such amount— 
‘‘(i) as reported to the applicable insurance 
regulatory body in the applicable financial statement described in paragraph (4)(A) (or, if less, the amount required by applicable law or regulation), or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN6.006 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4651 June 25, 2015 
‘‘(ii) as determined under regulations pre-
scribed by the Secretary. 
‘‘(4) O THER DEFINITIONS AND RULES .—For 
purposes of this subsection— 
‘‘(A) A PPLICABLE FINANCIAL STATEMENT .— 
The term ‘applicable financial statement’ means a statement for financial reporting purposes which— 
‘‘(i) is made on the basis of generally ac-
cepted accounting principles, 
‘‘(ii) is made on the basis of international 
financial reporting standards, but only if there is no statement that meets the re-quirement of clause (i), or 
‘‘(iii) except as otherwise provided by the 
Secretary in regulations, is the annual state-ment which is required to be filed with the applicable insurance regulatory body, but only if there is no statement which meets the requirements of clause (i) or (ii). 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICABLE INSURANCE REGULATORY  
BODY .—The term ‘applicable insurance regu-
latory body’ means, with respect to any in-surance business, the entity established by law to license, authorize, or regulate such business and to which the statement de-scribed in subparagraph (A) is provided.’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
T
ECHNICAL EXPLANATION OF THE OFFSHORE  
REINSURANCE TAXFAIRNESS ACTINTRO -
DUCED BY SENATOR WYDEN ON JUNE25, 2015 
PRESENT LAW  
Passive foreign investment companies 
A U.S. person who is a shareholder of a 
passive foreign investment company (‘‘PFIC’’) is subject to U.S. tax in respect to that person’s share of the PFIC’s income under one of three alternative anti-deferral regimes. A PFIC generally is defined as any foreign corporation if 75 percent or more of its gross income for the taxable year consists of passive income, or 50 percent or more of its assets consists of assets that produce, or are held for the production of, passive in-come. Alternative sets of income inclusion rules apply to U.S. persons that are share-holders in a PFIC, regardless of their per-centage ownership in the company. One set of rules applies to passive foreign investment companies that are ‘‘qualified electing funds,’’ under which electing U.S. share-holders currently include in gross income their respective shares of the company’s earnings, with a separate election to defer payment of tax, subject to an interest charge, on income not currently received. A second set of rules applies to passive foreign investment companies that are not qualified electing funds, under which U.S. share-holders pay tax on certain income or gain re-alized through the company, plus an interest charge that is attributable to the value of deferral. A third set of rules applies to PFIC stock that is marketable, under which elect-ing U.S. shareholders currently take into ac-count as income (or loss) the difference be-tween the fair market value of the stock as of the close of the taxable year and their ad-
justed basis in such stock (subject to certain limitations), often referred to as ‘‘marking to market.’’ 
Passive income 
Passive income means any income which is 
of a kind that would be foreign personal holding company income, including divi-dends, interest, royalties, rents, and certain gains on the sale or exchange of property, commodities, or foreign currency. 
However, among other exceptions, passive 
income does not include any income derived in the active conduct of an insurance busi-ness by a corporation that is predominantly engaged in an insurance business and that would be subject to tax under subchapter L if it were a domestic corporation. In Notice 2003–34, the Internal Revenue 
Service identified issues in applying the in-surance exception under the PFIC rules. One issue involves whether risks assumed under contracts issued by a foreign company orga-nized as an insurer are truly insurance risks, and whether the risks are limited under the terms of the contracts. In the Notice, the Service also analyzed the status of the com-pany as an insurance company. The Service looked to Treasury Regulations issued in 1960 and last amended in 1972, as well as to the statutory definition of an insurance com-pany and to the case law. The question to re-solve in determining a company’s status as an insurance company is whether ‘‘the char-acter of all of the business actually done by [the company] . . . indicate[s] whether [the company] uses its capital and efforts pri-marily in investing rather than primarily in the insurance business.’’ The Notice con-cluded that ‘‘[t]he Service will scrutinize these arrangements and will apply the PFIC rules where it determines that [a company] is not an insurance company for federal tax purposes.’’ 
Proposed regulations on the insurance ex-
ception under the PFIC rules published on April 24, 2015, provide that ‘‘the term insur-ance business means the business of issuing insurance and annuity contracts and the re-insuring of risks underwritten by insurance companies, together with those investment activities and administrative services that are required to support or are substantially related to insurance and annuity contracts issued or reinsured by the foreign corpora-tion.’’ The proposed regulations provide that an investment activity is an activity pro-ducing foreign personal holding company in-come, and that is ‘‘required to support or [is] substantially related to insurance and annu-ity contracts issued or reinsured by the for-eign corporation to the extent that income from the activities is earned from assets held by the foreign corporation to meet obliga-tions under the contracts.’’ 
The preamble to the proposed regulations 
specifically requests comments on the pro-posed regulations ‘‘with regard to how to de-termine the portion of a foreign insurance company’s assets that are held to meet obli-gations under insurance contracts issued or reinsured by the company,’’ for example, if the assets ‘‘do not exceed a specified percent-age of the corporation’s total insurance li-abilities for the year.’’ 
REASONS FOR CHANGE  
The establishment of offshore businesses 
that reinsure risks and that invest in U.S. hedge funds has been characterized as cre-ating the potential for tax avoidance. In these arrangements, a hedge fund or hedge fund investors make a capital investment in an offshore reinsurance company. The off-shore reinsurance company then reinvests that capital (as well as premiums it receives) as reserves in the hedge fund. Because the capital may be held largely or completely in one investment (the hedge fund), an insur-ance regulator may require a higher level of reserves to compensate for the lack of diver-sification. This can magnify the effect of holding a high level of reserves relative to a low level of insurance liabilities. 
The owners of the offshore reinsurance 
company take the position that the reinsur-ance company is not a PFIC, and that inves-tors in it are not taxed on its earnings until those earnings are distributed or the inves-tors sell the reinsurance company stock at a gain reflecting those earnings. U.S. PFIC rules designed to prevent tax deferral through offshore corporations provide an ex-ception for income derived in the active con-duct of an insurance business. What it takes to qualify under this exception as an insur-ance business, including how much insurance 
or reinsurance business the company must do to qualify under the exception, may not be completely clear. 
The hedge fund reinsurance arrangement is 
said to provide indefinite deferral of U.S. taxation of the hedge fund’s investment earnings, such as interest and dividends. At the time the taxpayer chooses to liquidate the investment, ordinary investment earn-ings are said to be converted to capital gains, which are subject to a lower rate of tax. The use of offshore reinsurance compa-nies allows large-scale investments that are said to be consistent with capital and reserve requirements applicable to the insurance and reinsurance business. 
Media attention to hedge fund reinsurance 
has described the practice as dating from an arrangement set up in 1999. In recent years, the practice has grown, giving rise to a seri-ous income mismeasurement problem. The ‘‘Offshore Reinsurance Tax Fairness Act’’ seeks to prevent this income mismeasurement by modifying the definition of an insurance company for purposes of the PFIC rules. The ‘‘Offshore Reinsurance Tax Fairness Act’’ provides that objective meas-ures of a firm’s real insurance risks com-pared to its assets are used to determine whether a firm is an insurance company, or is a disguise cloaking untaxed offshore in-come. 
EXPLANATION OF PROVISION  
Applicable insurance liabilities as a percentage 
of total assets 
Under the provision, passive income for 
purposes of the PFIC rules does not include income derived in the active conduct of an insurance business by a corporation (1) that would be subject to tax under subchapter L if it were a domestic corporation; and (2) the applicable insurance liabilities of which con-stitute more than 25 percent of its total as-sets as reported on the company’s applicable financial statement for the last year ending with or within the taxable year. 
For the purpose of the provision’s excep-
tion from passive income, applicable insur-ance liabilities means, with respect to any property and casualty or life insurance busi-ness (1) loss and loss adjustment expenses, (2) reserves (other than deficiency, contingency, or unearned premium reserves) for life and health insurance risks and life and health in-surance claims with respect to contracts pro-viding coverage for mortality or morbidity risks. This includes loss reserves for prop-erty and casualty, life, and health insurance contracts and annuity contracts. Unearned premium reserves with respect to any type of risk are not treated as applicable insurance liabilities for purposes of the provision. For purposes of the provision, the amount of any applicable insurance liability may not ex-ceed the lesser of such amount (1) as re-ported to the applicable insurance regu-latory body in the applicable financial state-ment (or, if less, the amount required by ap-plicable law or regulation), or (2) as deter-mined under regulations prescribed by the Secretary. 
An applicable financial statement is a 
statement for financial reporting purposes that (1) is made on the basis of generally ac-cepted accounting principles, (2) is made on the basis of international financial reporting standards, but only if there is no statement made on the basis of generally accepted ac-counting principles, or (3) except as other-wise provided by the Secretary in regula-tions, is the annual statement required to be filed with the applicable insurance regu-latory body, but only if there is no state-ment made on either of the foregoing bases. Unless otherwise provided in regulations, it is intended that generally accepted account-ing principles means U.S. GAAP. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN6.025 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4652 June 25, 2015 
The applicable insurance regulatory body 
means, with respect to any insurance busi-ness, the entity established by law to li-cense, authorize, or regulate such insurance business and to which the applicable finan-cial statement is provided. For example, in the United States, the applicable insurance regulatory body is the State insurance regu-lator to which the corporation provides its annual statement. 
Election to apply alternative test in certain cir-
cumstances 
If a corporation fails to qualify solely be-
cause its applicable insurance liabilities con-stitute 25 percent or less of its total assets, a United States person who owns stock of the corporation may elect in such manner as the Secretary prescribes to treat the stock as stock of a qualifying insurance corpora-tion if (1) the corporation’s applicable insur-ance liabilities constitute at least 10 percent of its total assets, and (2) based on the appli-cable facts and circumstances, the corpora-tion is predominantly engaged in an insur-ance business, and its failure to qualify under the 25 percent threshold is due solely to temporary circumstances involving such insurance business. 
Whether the corporation’s applicable in-
surance liabilities constitute at least 10 per-cent of its total assets is determined in the same manner as whether the corporation’s applicable insurance liabilities constitute more than 25 percent of its total assets. 
In determining whether the corporation is 
predominantly engaged in an insurance busi-ness, relevant facts and circumstances under this election include: the number of insur-ance contracts issued or taken on through reinsurance by the firm; the amount of in-surance liabilities (determined as above) with respect to such contracts; the total as-sets of the firm (determined as above); infor-mation with respect to claims payment pat-terns for the current and prior years; the na-ture of risks underwritten and the data available on likelihood of the risk occurring (extremely low-risk but extremely high cost risks are less indicative of being engaged in an insurance business); the firm’s loss expo-sure as calculated for a regulator such as the SEC or for a rating agency, or if those are not calculated, for internal pricing purposes; the percentage of gross receipts constituting premiums for the current and prior years; whether the firm makes substantial expendi-tures during the taxable year with respect to marketing or soliciting new insurance or re-insurance business; and such other facts or circumstances as the Secretary may pre-scribe. 
Facts and circumstances that tend to show 
the firm may not be predominantly engaged in an insurance business include a small number of insured risks with low likelihood but large potential costs; workers focused to a greater degree on investment activities than underwriting activities; and low loss exposure. The fact that a firm has been hold-ing itself out as an insurer for a long period is not determinative either way. 
Temporary circumstances include the fact 
that the company is in runoff, that is, it is not taking on new insurance business (and consequently has little or no premium in-come), and is using its remaining assets to pay off claims with respect to pre-existing insurance risks on its books. Temporary cir-cumstances may also include specific re-quirements with respect to capital and sur-plus relating to insurance liabilities imposed by a rating agency as a condition of obtain-ing a rating necessary to write new insur-ance business for the current year. 
Temporary circumstances do not refer to 
starting up an insurance business; the present-law PFIC rules include a special start-up year rule under which a foreign cor-
poration that would be a PFIC under the in-come or assets test will not be considered a PFIC in the first year in which it has gross income if, among other requirements, the corporation is not a PFIC in either of the two following years. This start-up year ex-ception to status as a PFIC applies broadly to all foreign corporations including those in the insurance business. 
EFFECTIVE DATE  
The provision applies to taxable years be-
ginning after December 31, 2015. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself 
and Ms. H EITKAMP ): 
S. 1697. A bill to provide an exception 
from certain group health plan require-ments to allow small businesses to use pre-tax dollars to assist employees in the purchase of policies in the indi-vidual health insurance market, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, over 
the past year and half or more, many small business owners have discovered they could be subject to punitive pen-alties simply for helping their employ-ees purchase health insurance. This is the result of a little understood provi-sion in the Affordable Care Act, ACA. 
Farmers, ranchers, and small busi-
ness owners frequently do not have the resources to offer a traditional group health plan to their employees. How-ever, many still want to help their em-ployees obtain health coverage. They have frequently done this by reimburs-ing their employees on a pre-tax basis for the cost of health insurance the em-ployee purchases on the individual market. 
However, as a result of so-called mar-
ket reforms in the ACA, small business owners who want to help their employ-ees purchase insurance on the indi-vidual market could be subject to a $100 a day per employee penalty. 
This fails to meet the common sense 
test. These businesses have no obliga-tion under the ACA to offer any form of insurance. However, they would like to do what they can to help their em-ployees obtain coverage. This is a prac-tice that should be commended, not pe-nalized. 
I have had a number of farmers, 
small business owners, and account-ants reach out to me over the past year explaining how this penalty has the po-tential to be devastating. Just as ex-amples, I want to read excerpts from a couple emails I have received from Iowans. 
The first is from a constituent who is 
a dentist in Sioux City, IA: 
Help! . . . I am a small business owner—7 
employees. I have been helping to subsidize my employee’s health insurance for 20 years. I just found out that the Market Reforms of the ACA have made that illegal. . . . Now all of my employees will have to pay taxes on the money I gave them for Health Insurance. They all live paycheck to paycheck and won’t be able to come up with the taxes on this money. They also most likely won’t qualify for the exchanges and any govern-ment subsidy. They are caught in the mid-dle. I can’t subsidize their Health Insurance because I risk a $100/day/employee penalty 
. . . Please hurry and do something to help the millions of middle class small business employees who are caught between a rock and a hard place. 
This next one is from an accountant 
in Zwingle, IA: 
I recently completed two classes for CPE 
credit for my CPA license. These classes cov-ered the Affordable Care Act and the pre-senters were adamant that we contact our senators and representatives on behalf of small businesses. I do have a client that this affects that could potentially be put out of business. 
Businesses that have section 105 plans or 
that provide additional salary to employees for the employees to purchase health insur-ance privately or through the government marketplace can be fined $100 per day per employee. That is $36,500 per employee per year! 
I’m trying to help my client to figure out 
how to stop the payments to the employees and not be destroyed by the potential fines. This could be absolutely devastating. 
No doubt, there are countless other 
small business owners who have simi-larly been caught off guard. In fact, due to widespread confusion, the IRS granted penalty relief earlier this year. However, this penalty relief runs out at the end of this month. Legislation is necessary to eliminate this unfair and potentially devastating penalty once and for all. 
Toward this end, I have been working 
with Senator H
EITKAMP , along with 
Representatives C HARLES BOUSTANY  
and M IKETHOMPSON in the House, on 
bipartisan, bicameral legislation. Today, we are pleased to introduce this legislation. 
This common sense legislation will 
permit small businesses to continue of-fering a benefit to their employees that many have provided for years—namely reimbursing their employees for the cost of health insurance purchased on the individual market. 
According to the National Federation 
of Independent Business, around 18 per-cent of small businesses last year reim-bursed employees or provided other fi-nancial support to workers who bought individual insurance plans. Many oth-ers responded that they would be inter-ested in such an option. Our legislation ensures this option is, and continues to be, available by eliminating the poten-tial for devastating penalties. 
This legislation should be a no 
brainer for anyone who supports small business. I hope that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will join in this effort. 
By Mr. TILLIS (for himself, Mr. 
CARPER , Mr. B URR, Mr. K AINE, 
and Mr. W ARNER ): 
S. 1698. A bill to exclude payments 
from State eugenics compensation pro-grams from consideration in deter-mining eligibility for, or the amount of, Federal public benefits; read the first time. 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I am in-
troducing the Treatment of Certain Payments in Eugenics Compensation Act, which would exclude payments 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN6.026 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4653 June 25, 2015 
from State eugenics compensation pro-
grams from consideration in deter-mining eligibility for, or the amount of, Federal public benefits. My col-leagues, Senator R
ICHARD BURR, Sen-
ator T OMCARPER , Senator T IMKAINE, 
and Senator M ARKWARNER have agreed 
to cosponsor the bill. In addition, Con-gressman P
ATRICK MCHENRY will intro-
duce a companion bill in the House of Representatives. 
A dark chapter in American history, 
eugenics and compulsory sterilization laws were implemented in the first dec-ades of the 20th century by more than 30 States, leading to the forced steri-lization of more than 60,000 disabled citizens. Only California and Virginia sterilized more citizens than North Carolina under these laws, though North Carolina was considered as hav-ing the most aggressive State-run pro-gram. 
In 2013, North Carolina became the 
first State in the country to enact leg-islation to compensate living victims of these forced-sterilization laws. Most of the victims of the State-run eugen-ics program were poor and disadvan-taged individuals and many remain so to this day. Therefore, concerns have been raised in both States that the compensation provided to the victims could unintentionally render them in-eligible under Federal law to continue receiving Federal benefits that are sub-ject to income thresholds. The bill in-troduced today would specifically ex-clude all payments from any State eu-genics compensation program from being used in determining eligibility for, or the amount of, any public bene-fits from the Federal government. 
The implementation of State-run eu-
genics and sterilization programs rep-resent a dark and shameful chapter in our Nation’s history. While North Carolina and Virginia have recently created State compensation programs to help victims recover from horrible wrongs that have been perpetrated against them in the past, Federal laws can unintentionally punish victims who receive eugenics compensation by preventing them from receiving Fed-eral benefits. This bipartisan legisla-tion will ensure that will not happen. 
I wish to offer a special, much de-
served thank you to my friend and former colleague, North Carolina State representative Larry Womble, who has provided extraordinary leadership in the decades-long fight for justice for the living victims of North Carolina’s eugenics program. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and 
Mr. M ERKLEY ): 
S. 1699. A bill to designate certain 
land administered by the Bureau of Land Management and the Forest Service in the State of Oregon as wil-derness and national recreation areas and to make additional wild and scenic river designations in the State of Or-egon, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today I 
am introducing the Oregon Wildlands Act to designate hundreds of miles of Oregon Rivers as Wild and Scenic, to protect thousands of acres of beautiful Oregon lands as National Recreation Areas, and to expand Wilderness for some of Oregon’s most treasured areas. 
Oregon is a unique State and Orego-
nians take pride in the many natural treasures throughout our diverse land-scape. From the Oregon Coast to the high desert of Eastern Oregon, our State boasts some of the most beau-tiful scenery, varied ecosystems, and unmatched outdoor recreation opportu-nities in the nation. Protecting these lands and rivers ensures that they will be treasured for generations to come. Oregon’s rivers and landscapes are also home to threatened and endangered species, old-growth trees, and delicate ecosystems that deserve the highest protections. 
Enjoying the outdoors is in Orego-
nians’ DNA—across the State, opportu-nities to get outside and enjoy Or-egon’s treasures bring in visitors from all over the world and make residents proud to call Oregon home. Protecting the lands and waters that support recreation is also an investment in our rural economies. In Oregon alone, the tourism industry employed more than 100,000 Oregonians during 2014 and gen-erated $10.3 billion for the State’s econ-omy. Nationwide, outdoor recreation supports a $646 billion industry. Ensur-ing that visitors have pristine rivers to fish and float on, wilderness areas to hike in, and recreation areas to explore is a guaranteed way to make certain that visitors will return year after year. 
All told, the bill designates approxi-
mately 118,000 acres of Recreation Areas, approximately 250 miles of Wild and Scenic Rivers, and over 86,600 acres of Wilderness. Each area offers signifi-cant opportunities for recreation and ecosystem protections. 
The protections in this bill highlight 
some of Oregon’s most environ-mentally significant areas, such as Devil’s Staircase near the Oregon Coast. Devil’s Staircase is the epitome of Wilderness in Oregon—it is rugged, pristine, and remote, with hikers fol-lowing elk and deer trails to navigate the rugged terrain. My bill would pro-tect approximately 30,540 acres as wil-derness and 14.6 miles of Wasson Creek and Franklin Creek, which run through the Devil’s Staircase area as Wild and Scenic Rivers. Devil’s Staircase is home to the most remarkable old- growth forest on Oregon’s Coast Range, where giant Douglas-fir, cedar, and hemlock support threatened and en-dangered species habitat, such as mar-bled murrelets and Northern Spotted Owls. 
My proposal would expand the Wild 
Rogue Wilderness by approximately 56,100 acres and include an additional 125 miles to the incomparable Wild and Scenic Rogue River. The Rogue is world-renowned as a premier recre-ation destination for rafting and fish-
ing, with its free flowing waters start-ing at Oregon’s Crater Lake National Park and emptying into the Pacific Ocean. Along the way, the Rogue River flows through a diverse landscape and its cold waters are the perfect habitat for salmon—the river is home to runs of Coho, spring and fall Chinook, and winter and summer Steelhead. By pro-tecting the Rogue River and its tribu-taries we are protecting the fish and wildlife that depend on clean, healthy water. Additionally, the Wilderness ex-pansion would protect the habitat for bald eagles, osprey, spotted owls, bear, elk, and cougars. 
In addition, my proposal designates 
approximately 35.2 miles of the Elk River and 21.3 miles of the Molalla River as a new recreational, scenic, and wild rivers, and withdraws 19 miles of the Chetco River, one of the most en-dangered rivers in the country, from mineral development. By protecting hundreds of miles of Wild and Scenic Rivers, as well as the lands that sur-round those rivers, my proposal en-
sures that important wildlife habitat can thrive, that Oregon’s treasured recreation destinations remain scenic and pristine, and that Oregonians con-tinue to have clean sources of drinking water. 
I am pleased to be joined on this bill 
by my colleague from Oregon Senator J
EFFMERKLEY who has worked closely 
with me over the years to protect Or-egon’s natural treasures. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 214—COM-
MEMORATING THE 85TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE DAUGHTERS OF PENELOPE, A PREEMINENT INTERNATIONAL WOMEN’S ASSO-CIATION AND AN AFFILIATE OR-GANIZATION OF THE AMERICAN HELLENIC EDUCATIONAL PRO-GRESSIVE ASSOCIATION 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 214 
Whereas the Daughters of Penelope is a 
leading international organization of women of Hellenic descent and of Philhellenes, that was founded on November 16, 1929 in San Francisco, California, to improve the status and well-being of women and their families and to provide women the opportunity to make significant contributions to their com-munities and country; 
Whereas the mission of the Daughters of 
Penelope is to promote philanthropy, edu-cation, civic responsibility, good citizenship, family and individual excellence, and the ideals of ancient Greece, through community service and volunteerism; 
Whereas Daughters of Penelope chapters 
sponsor affordable and dignified housing to the senior citizen population of the United States by participating in the supportive housing for the elderly program established under section 202 of the Housing Act of 1959 (12 U.S.C. 1701q); 
Whereas Penelope House, a domestic vio-
lence shelter for women and their children 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.030 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4654 June 25, 2015 
sponsored by the Daughters of Penelope in 
Mobile, Alabama, is the first of its kind in the State of Alabama and is recognized as a model shelter for others to emulate through-out the United States; 
Whereas the Daughters of Penelope also 
sponsors Penelope’s Place, a domestic vio-lence shelter in Brockton, Massachusetts; 
Whereas the Daughters of Penelope Foun-
dation, Inc. supports the educational objec-tives of the Daughters of Penelope by pro-viding tens of thousands of dollars annually for scholarships, sponsoring educational seminars, and donating children’s books to libraries, schools, shelters, and churches through the Penelope’s Books program; 
Whereas the Daughters of Penelope is the 
first ethnic organization to submit to the Li-brary of Congress oral history tapes, which provide an oral history of first generation Greek American women in the United States; 
Whereas the Daughters of Penelope pro-
motes awareness of and provides financial support to charitable organizations, includ-ing the University of Miami Sylvester Com-prehensive Cancer Center (formerly the Pa-panicolaou Cancer Center), the Alzheimer’s Foundation, and the American Heart Asso-ciation; 
Whereas the Daughters of Penelope also 
promotes awareness of and provides financial support to medical research for breast cancer and other cancers, Thalassemia (also known as Cooley’s Anemia), Lymphangio-leiomyomatosis, and Muscular Dystrophy; 
Whereas the Daughters of Penelope pro-
vides support and financial assistance to vic-tims and communities affected by natural disasters such as hurricanes, earthquakes, and forest fires; and 
Whereas the Daughters of Penelope has 
supported and contributed to organizations such as the Special Olympics, the Barbara Bush Foundation for Literacy, the Children’s Wish Foundation, UNICEF, Habitat for Hu-manity, St. Basil Academy, and countless other organizations that help families and communities: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) recognizes the significant contributions 
of American citizens of Greek ancestry and of Philhellenes to the United States; and 
(2) commemorates the 85th anniversary of 
the Daughters of Penelope in 2015, applauds its mission, and commends the many chari-table contributions of its members to organi-zations and communities worldwide. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 215—DESIG-
NATING THE MONTH OF JUNE 2015 AS ‘‘NATIONAL POST-TRAU-MATIC STRESS DISORDER AWARENESS MONTH’’ AND JUNE 27, 2015, AS ‘‘NATIONAL POST- TRAUMATIC STRESS DISORDER AWARENESS DAY’’ 
Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Mr. 
H
ELLER , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. I NHOFE , 
Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. D URBIN , 
Mr. M ORAN , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. T HUNE , 
Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. G RASSLEY , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. W AR-
NER, Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. 
FRANKEN , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. T ESTER , 
Ms. H IRONO , and Ms. C OLLINS ) sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 215 
Whereas the brave men and women of the 
Armed Forces of the United States, who proudly serve the United States, risk their lives to protect the freedom of the people of the United States, and deserve the invest-
ment of every possible resource to ensure their lasting physical, mental, and emo-tional well-being; 
Whereas more than 2,000,000 members of 
the Armed Forces have deployed overseas since the events of September 11, 2001, and have served in places such as Afghanistan and Iraq; 
Whereas the Armed Forces of the United 
States have sustained a historically high operational tempo since September 11, 2001, with many members of the Armed Forces de-ploying overseas multiple times, placing those members at high risk of post-trau-matic stress disorder (referred to in this pre-amble as ‘‘PTSD’’); 
Whereas men and women of the Armed 
Forces and veterans who served before Sep-tember 11, 2001, remain at risk for PTSD and other mental health disorders; 
Whereas the Secretary of Veterans Affairs 
reports that— 
(1) since October 2001, more than 390,000 of 
the approximately 1,160,000 veterans of Oper-ation Enduring Freedom, Operation Iraqi Freedom, and Operation New Dawn who have received health care from the Department of Veterans Affairs have been diagnosed with PTSD; 
(2) in fiscal year 2014, more than 531,000 of 
the nearly 6,000,000 veterans who sought care at a medical facility of the Department of Veterans Affairs received treatment for PTSD; and 
(3) of veterans who served in Operation En-
during Freedom, Operation Iraqi Freedom, and Operation New Dawn who are receiving health care from the Department of Veterans Affairs, more than 615,000 have received a di-agnosis for at least 1 mental health disorder; 
Whereas many cases of PTSD remain unre-
ported, undiagnosed, and untreated due to a lack of awareness about PTSD and the per-sistent stigma associated with mental health conditions; 
Whereas exposure to military trauma can 
lead to PTSD; 
Whereas PTSD significantly increases the 
risk of anxiety, depression, suicide, home-lessness, and drug- and alcohol-related dis-orders and deaths, especially if left un-treated; 
Whereas public perceptions of PTSD or 
other mental health disorders create unique challenges for veterans seeking employment; 
Whereas the Department of Defense and 
the Department of Veterans Affairs—as well as the larger medical community, both pri-vate and public—have made significant ad-vances in the identification, prevention, di-agnosis, and treatment of PTSD and the symptoms of PTSD, but many challenges re-main; 
Whereas increased understanding of PTSD 
can help diminish the stigma attached to this mental health issue, and additional ef-forts are needed to find further ways to re-duce this stigma—including an examination of how PTSD is discussed in the United States and a recognition that PTSD is a common injury that is treatable and repair-able; 
Whereas PTSD can result from any number 
of stressors other than combat, including rape, sexual assault, battery, torture, con-finement, child abuse, car accidents, train wrecks, plane crashes, bombings, or natural disaster, and affects approximately 8,000,000 adults in the United States annually; and 
Whereas the designation of a National 
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder Awareness Month and a National Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder Day will raise public awareness about issues related to PTSD, reduce the stigma associated with PTSD, and help en-sure that those suffering from the invisible wounds of war receive proper treatment: 
Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates June 2015 as ‘‘National Post- 
Traumatic Stress Disorder Awareness Month’’ and June 27, 2015 as ‘‘National Post- Traumatic Stress Disorder Awareness Day’’; 
(2) supports the efforts of the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of De-fense—as well as the entire medical commu-nity—to educate members of the Armed Forces, veterans, the families of members of the Armed Forces and veterans, and the pub-lic about the causes, symptoms, and treat-ment of PTSD; 
(3) encourages commanders of the Armed 
Forces to support appropriate treatment of men and women of the Armed Forces who are diagnosed with PTSD; and 
(4) respectfully requests that the Secretary 
of the Senate transmit a copy of this resolu-tion to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of Defense. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 216—RECOG-
NIZING THE MONTH OF JUNE 2015 AS ‘‘IMMIGRANT HERITAGE MONTH’’, A CELEBRATION OF THE ACCOMPLISHMENTS AND CONTRIBUTIONS IMMIGRANTS AND THEIR CHILDREN HAVE MADE IN SHAPING THE HISTORY, STRENGTHENING THE ECONOMY, AND ENRICHING THE CULTURE OF THE UNITED STATES 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 216 
Whereas the United States has always been 
a nation of immigrants and throughout the history of the United States immigrants from around the globe and their children have— 
(1) kept the workforce of the United States 
vibrant; 
(2) kept the businesses of the United States 
on the cutting edge; and 
(3) helped build the greatest economic en-
gine in the world; 
Whereas the entrepreneurial drive and 
spirit of the United States— 
(1) is built on the diversity of the origins of 
the people of the United States; 
(2) drew the first immigrants to the United 
States; and 
(3) continues to drive business in the 
United States; 
Whereas the success of the United States is 
a result of the many distinct experiences of the people of the United States, not in spite of those distinct experiences; 
Whereas as a nation of immigrants, the 
people of the United States must remember the generations of pioneers that helped— 
(1) lay railroads and build cities; (2) develop new industries; and (3) fuel the Information Age, from the tele-
graph to the smartphone; 
Whereas more than 70 percent of agricul-
tural workers in the United States are for-eign born, and these workers keep California and farms in the United States in business and feed families in the United States; 
Whereas immigrants start more than one- 
fourth of all new businesses in the United States and immigrants or their children start more than 40 percent of Fortune 500 companies; 
Whereas those businesses collectively em-
ploy tens of millions of people in the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN6.020 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4655 June 25, 2015 
States and generate more than 
$4,500,000,000,000 in annual revenue; 
Whereas immigrants to the United States 
contribute greatly to advances in technology and sciences; 
Whereas, as of the date of introduction of 
this resolution, 14 percent of employed col-
lege graduates and 50 percent of individuals with doctorate degrees working in mathe-matics and computer science occupations in the United States are immigrants; 
Whereas between 2006 and 2012, 44 percent 
of new technology start-ups in Silicon Valley (widely known as the international hub for technological development and innovation) had at least 1 immigrant founder; 
Whereas the work of immigrants has di-
rectly enriched the culture of the United States by influencing the performing arts (from Broadway to Hollywood), academia, art, music, literature, media, fashion, cui-sine, customs, and cultural celebrations en-joyed across the United States; 
Whereas generations of immigrants have 
come to the shores of the United States from all corners of the globe; 
Whereas immigrants fought tirelessly in 
the Revolutionary War and continue to de-fend the ideals of the United States; 
Whereas as of June 2015, more than 30,000 
lawful permanent residents are serving in the United States Armed Forces; 
Whereas between 2002 and 2015, more than 
102,000 men and women, including individuals serving in Iraq, Afghanistan, South Korea, Germany, Japan, and elsewhere, have be-come United States citizens while wearing the uniform of the United States military; 
Whereas Congress represents a rich diver-
sity of communities across the United States and works closely with diaspora leaders from more than 60 ethnic caucuses to ensure that the voices of people of the United States of all backgrounds are heard; and 
Whereas the United States was founded on 
the universal promise that all people are cre-ated equal: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) recognizes June 2015 as ‘‘Immigrant Her-itage Month’’ in honor of the accomplish-ments and contributions of immigrants and their children in shaping the history and cul-ture of the United States; (2) pledges to celebrate immigrant contribu-tions to, and immigrant heritage in, each State; and (3) encourages the people of the United States to commemorate the history of immi-grants in the United States and to always re-member the immigrant roots of the United States. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
rise to submit a resolution on Immi-grant Heritage Month, which is recog-nized every June. This resolution hon-ors the accomplishments and contribu-tions of immigrants, pledges to cele-brate our immigrant heritage, and joins the American people in com-memorating our immigrant roots. 
Since our founding, the United 
States has been a nation of immi-grants. Immigrants from all over the world have sought to start anew in the United States. Whether they were seeking to practice their religious and political beliefs without interference or obtain new professional or educational opportunities, the United States has been a refuge for those seeking a better life. 
We have benefited tremendously as a 
result. Immigrants have played a vital role in our Nation’s history, shaping the economic, cultural, and social de-velopment of our society. Immigrants 
have helped build our nation’s cities and railroads, developed some of our most cutting-edge businesses, and fueled inventions from the telegraph to the smartphone. 
Individuals and families from Eu-
rope, Asia, Africa, Australia, and the Americas have all contributed to our Nation’s fabric, enhancing the diver-sity and vibrancy of our communities and forming the melting pot for which our country is known. 
In addition, immigrants have de-
fended our Nation since the Revolu-tionary War. As of this month, over 30,000 lawful permanent residents are currently serving in the United States Armed Forces. I imagine many more immigrants would join as well if they were afforded the opportunity. Between 2002 and 2015, more than 102,000 immi-grants have become U.S. citizens while serving in the U.S. Military in Iraq, Af-ghanistan, Germany, Japan, and else-where. 
Our Nation’s food supply also de-
pends upon the work of immigrants. Over 70 percent of agricultural workers in the U.S. are foreign born. These workers help feed American families and support U.S. farms and businesses. Without their help, we would struggle to harvest our Nation’s crops and feed our people. 
Immigrants also have made impres-
sive contributions in business and tech-nology. Immigrants or children-of-im-migrants have started more than 25 percent of all new businesses in the U.S., including more than 40 percent of Fortune 500 companies. These busi-nesses have created tens of millions of American jobs, and they exceed over $4.5 trillion in revenue annually. In Sil-icon Valley, over 44 percent of tech-nology startups had at least one immi-grant founder between 2006 and 2012. 
One of our country’s greatest ex-
ports, our culture, has been enhanced by immigrants from all corners of the globe. From Broadway to Hollywood, our country’s unique contributions in the performing arts, art, music, lit-erature, media, fashion, and cuisine have been shaped by immigrants. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
observing Immigrant Heritage Month to recognize the contributions of immi-grants to the United States, as well as our nation’s strong immigrant herit-age. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2077. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI ) proposed an amendment to the bill 
S. 230, to provide for the conveyance of cer-tain property to the Yukon Kuskokwim Health Corporation located in Bethel, Alas-ka. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2077. Mr. MCCONNELL (for Ms. 
MURKOWSKI ) proposed an amendment 
to the bill S. 230, to provide for the conveyance of certain property to the 
Yukon Kuskokwim Health Corporation located in Bethel, Alaska; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. CONVEYANCE OF PROPERTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—As soon as practicable, 
but not later than 180 days, after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall convey to the Yukon Kuskokwim Health Corporation located in Bethel, Alaska (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Corporation’’), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the property described in section 2 for use in connection with health and social services programs. 
(b) E
FFECT ON ANYQUITCLAIM DEED.—The 
conveyance by the Secretary of title by war-ranty deed under this section shall, on the effective date of the conveyance, supersede and render of no future effect any quitclaim deed to the property described in section 2 executed by the Secretary and the Corpora-tion. 
(c) C
ONDITIONS .—The conveyance of the 
property under this Act— 
(1) shall be made by warranty deed; and (2) shall not— (A) require any consideration from the 
Corporation for the property; 
(B) impose any obligation, term, or condi-
tion on the Corporation; or 
(C) allow for any reversionary interest of 
the United States in the property. 
SEC. 2. PROPERTY DESCRIBED. 
The property, including all land and appur-
tenances, described in this section is the property included in U.S. Survey No. 4000, Lot 2, T. 8 N., R. 71 W., Seward Meridian, containing 22.98 acres. 
SEC. 3. ENVIRONMENTAL LIABILITY. 
(a) L IABILITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the Corporation shall not be liable for any soil, surface water, groundwater, or other contamination result-ing from the disposal, release, or presence of any environmental contamination on any portion of the property described in section 2 on or before the date on which the property is conveyed to the Corporation. 
(2) E
NVIRONMENTAL CONTAMINATION .—An 
environmental contamination described in paragraph (1) includes any oil or petroleum products, hazardous substances, hazardous materials, hazardous waste, pollutants, toxic substances, solid waste, or any other envi-ronmental contamination or hazard as de-fined in any Federal or State of Alaska law. 
(b) E
ASEMENT .—The Secretary shall be ac-
corded any easement or access to the prop-erty conveyed under this Act as may be rea-sonably necessary to satisfy any retained ob-ligation or liability of the Secretary. 
(c) N
OTICE OF HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCE AC-
TIVITY AND WARRANTY .—In carrying out this 
Act, the Secretary shall comply with sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of section 120(h)(3) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)(3)). 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , NUTRITION , AND 
FORESTRY  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 25, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–G50 of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN6.022 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4656 June 25, 2015 
Dirksen Senate Office Building, to con-
duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Country of Or-igin Labeling and Trade Retaliation: What’s at stake for America’s Farmers, Ranchers, Businesses, and Consumers.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 25, 2015, at 10:30 a.m., in room SR– 253 of the Russell Senate Office Build-ing. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 25, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–215 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Unlocking the Private Sector: State Innovations in Financing Infrastruc-ture.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 25, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Evaluating Key Components of a Joint Comprehen-sive Plan of Action with Iran.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 25, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Under Attack: Federal Cybersecurity and the OPM Data Breach.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on June 25, 2015, at 9:45 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND  
ENTREPRENEURSHIP  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship be authorized to meet dur-ing the session of the Senate on June 25, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., in SR–428A of the Russell Senate Office Building to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Opening Doors to Economic Opportunity for Our Vet-erans and Their Families Through En-
trepreneurship.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 25, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON NATIONAL SECURITY AND  
INTERNATIONAL TRADE AND FINANCE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Subcommittee on Na-tional Security and International Trade and Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 25, 2015, at 1:30 p.m., to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Economic Cri-sis: The Global Impact of a Greek De-fault.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the fol-lowing interns in my office be granted the privilege of the floor for the re-mainder of the day: Jenna Dreydoppel, Tasha Boyer, Denae Benson, Claire Landis, Holly O’Brien, Kelsey Colligan, Jasper MacNaughton, Justin Dahlgren, Grant Ackerman, Anthony Lekanof, Anna Dietderich, and Tavish Logan. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Valerie Wil-liams, a fellow in Senator P
ATTY MUR-
RAY’s office, be granted floor privileges 
for the remainder of this Congress. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
BOYS TOWN CENTENNIAL 
COMMEMORATIVE COIN ACT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 893, which was received from the House. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 893) to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to mint coins in commemora-tion of the centennial of Boys Town, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed, the mo-tion to reconsider be laid upon the table, and that any statements relating to the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (H.R. 893) was ordered to a 
third reading, was read the third time, and passed. TO PROVIDE FOR THE CONVEY-
ANCE OF CERTAIN PROPERTY TO THE YUKON KUSKOKWIM HEALTH CORPORATION 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 78, S. 230. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 230) to provide for the conveyance 
of certain property to the Yukon Kuskokwim Health Corporation located in Bethel, Alaska. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Mur-kowski amendment be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and that the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 2077) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. CONVEYANCE OF PROPERTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—As soon as practicable, 
but not later than 180 days, after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall convey to the Yukon Kuskokwim Health Corporation located in Bethel, Alaska (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Corporation’’), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the property described in section 2 for use in connection with health and social services programs. 
(b) E
FFECT ON ANYQUITCLAIM DEED.—The 
conveyance by the Secretary of title by war-ranty deed under this section shall, on the effective date of the conveyance, supersede and render of no future effect any quitclaim deed to the property described in section 2 executed by the Secretary and the Corpora-tion. 
(c) C
ONDITIONS .—The conveyance of the 
property under this Act— 
(1) shall be made by warranty deed; and (2) shall not— (A) require any consideration from the 
Corporation for the property; 
(B) impose any obligation, term, or condi-
tion on the Corporation; or 
(C) allow for any reversionary interest of 
the United States in the property. 
SEC. 2. PROPERTY DESCRIBED. 
The property, including all land and appur-
tenances, described in this section is the property included in U.S. Survey No. 4000, Lot 2, T. 8 N., R. 71 W., Seward Meridian, containing 22.98 acres. 
SEC. 3. ENVIRONMENTAL LIABILITY. 
(a) L IABILITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the Corporation shall not be liable for any soil, surface water, groundwater, or other contamination result-ing from the disposal, release, or presence of any environmental contamination on any portion of the property described in section 2 on or before the date on which the property is conveyed to the Corporation. 
(2) E
NVIRONMENTAL CONTAMINATION .—An 
environmental contamination described in paragraph (1) includes any oil or petroleum products, hazardous substances, hazardous 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN6.028 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4657 June 25, 2015 
materials, hazardous waste, pollutants, toxic 
substances, solid waste, or any other envi-ronmental contamination or hazard as de-fined in any Federal or State of Alaska law. 
(b) E
ASEMENT .—The Secretary shall be ac-
corded any easement or access to the prop-erty conveyed under this Act as may be rea-sonably necessary to satisfy any retained ob-ligation or liability of the Secretary. 
(c) N
OTICE OF HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCE AC-
TIVITY AND WARRANTY .—In carrying out this 
Act, the Secretary shall comply with sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of section 120(h)(3) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)(3)). 
The bill (S. 230), as amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
NATIONAL POST-TRAUMATIC 
STRESS DISORDER AWARENESS MONTH AND NATIONAL POST- TRAUMATIC STRESS DISORDER AWARENESS DAY 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 215, submitted earlier today. 
The clerk will report the resolution 
by title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 215) designating the 
month of June 2015 as ‘‘National Post-Trau-matic Stress Disorder Awareness Month’’ and June 27, 2015, as ‘‘National Post-Trau-matic Stress Disorder Awareness Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 215) was 
agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. 
(The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST 
TIME—S. 1698 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1698) to exclude payments from 
State eugenics compensation programs from consideration in determining eligibility for, or the amount of, Federal public benefits. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I now ask for a 
second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to my own request. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The bill will be read for the second 
time on the next legislative day. 
f 
SIGNING AUTHORITY 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that for the up-coming adjournment of the Senate, the junior Senator from Arkansas be au-thorized to sign duly enrolled bills or joint resolutions. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
APPOINTMENTS AUTHORITY 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the upcoming adjournment of the Senate, the President of the Sen-ate, the President pro tempore, and the majority and minority leaders be au-thorized to make appointments to com-missions, committees, boards, con-ferences or interparliamentary con-
ferences authorized by law, by concur-rent action of the two Houses or by order of the Senate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR FRIDAY, JUNE 26, 
2015, THROUGH TUESDAY, JULY 7, 2015 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until the following dates and times to convene for pro forma session only, with no business being conducted; further, that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session, unless the House adopts the provisions of S. Con. Res. 19: Friday, June 26, at 10 a.m.; Tuesday, June 30, at 2 p.m.; Friday, July 3, at 10 a.m.; further, that the Senate adjourn on July 3, until 2:30 p.m., Tuesday, July 7; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date and the time for the two leaders be re-served for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. 1177, as under the previous order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONDITIONAL ADJOURNMENT 
UNTIL FRIDAY, JUNE 26, 2015, AT 10 A.M. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 2:51 p.m., conditionally adjourned until Friday, June 26, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN6.024 S25JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E975 June 25, 2015 
RATEPAYER PROTECTION ACT OF 
2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 24, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2042) to allow for judicial review of any final rule addressing carbon dioxide emissions from existing fossil fuel-fired electric utility generating units before requiring compliance with such rule, and to allow States to protect households and businesses from significant adverse ef-fects on electricity ratepayers or reliability: 
Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong op-
position to this legislation which would signifi-cantly exacerbate climate change by gutting the President’s plan to cut carbon emissions from power plants. 
My home state of California is currently ex-
periencing the worst drought in its history, and scientists say it is made more severe because of the warming climate in California. High tem-peratures have caused record low levels of mountain snowpack and water evaporation in reservoirs, rivers, and soil. This means man-datory water cuts, fallowed fields, and higher risk of wildfires as we move into the heart of the dry season. With continued increases in global temperatures due to carbon emissions, droughts like California’s will become even more common across the country. 
These extreme drought and wildfire condi-
tions are not unique to California. States across the west including Oklahoma, Nevada, Utah, and Oregon are experiencing ‘‘extreme’’ or ‘‘exceptional’’ drought conditions, according to the USDA. This is a crisis across the West and scientists tell us that it will be more com-mon as man-made carbon emissions continue to warm the planet. 
The costs of failing to address climate 
change grow with every year that we fail to take action. In 2012 alone, climate-related dis-asters including drought, wildfires, and severe weather including Hurricane Sandy, cost the economy over $100 billion. That works out to a $300 tax on every American, and it will con-tinue to increase as severe weather becomes more common and sea levels continue to rise. On top of those disasters, the White House Council on Economic Advisers calculated that failing to meet our climate goals will cost the U.S. $150 billion per year in reduced eco-nomic output, and each decade of ignoring cli-mate change increases the costs of mitigation by 40 percent. 
In the absence of Congressional action to 
address climate change, the Administration is taking strong action which I support. But the bill before us today would allow the Clean Power Plan to be blocked indefinitely and would set a dangerous precedent of allowing states to opt out of national air quality stand-ards. The Supreme Court has upheld the au-thority of the EPA to regulate carbon emis-sions on three separate occasions since 2007, 
yet this bill would allow lawsuits to perma-nently delay the Clean Power Plan. The bill also removes the federal backstop that has made the Clean Air Act one of the most suc-cessful environmental laws in our nation’s his-tory, cutting harmful air pollution by 90 percent since its passage in 1970. 
Under the premise of protecting ratepayers, 
who will actually see their bills go down under the Clean Power Plan, this legislation is a major step backward for our country’s efforts to fight climate change. 
I urge the rejection of this legislation. 
f 
HONORING MR. EDWARD LEYDEN 
HON. JEB HENSARLING 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, it is my 
honor to recognize Mr. Edward Leyden for his 33 years of outstanding service to Bishop Lynch High School and his community. 
Mr. Leyden was hired in 1982 as the 
school’s first lay president during a time of transition and uncertainty with a struggling school enrollment. Mr. Leyden immediately began working to make the school a better place, and he hasn’t stopped since. 
Thanks to Mr. Leyden’s years of hard work 
and dedication, the school’s student popu-lation has more than doubled in size and the campus has undergone numerous expansion and improvement projects. Shortly after Mr. Leyden’s arrival, the school received the first of two National Blue Ribbon Awards—an honor given by the U.S. Department of Edu-cation to recognize schools of exemplary aca-demic achievement. While he points to the prestigious award for the school’s success, many believe the credit goes to Mr. Leyden’s leadership and open door policy. 
Under Mr. Leyden’s leadership, the school— 
once primarily attended by East Dallas pu-pils—now has students from all parts of the city—from Frisco to Plano and Oak Cliff to Northwest Dallas. A performing arts center was built, science wing, arts and athletics complex, and other renovation projects all have come to completion thanks to Mr. Leyden’s vision and dedication to making Bishop Lynch an exemplary place for students to learn. 
Mr. Leyden has achieved much in his life. A 
graduate of St. Edward’s University in Austin, Texas and Barry University in Miami, Florida, he was ordained a deacon for the Diocese of Dallas in 2006; was the Catholic Foundation Award honoree in 2015; received the Bishop Lynch JFK award for service; is a member of St. Edward’s University Board of Trustees and the advisory committee for Ferguson Road Ini-tiative. He has been in Catholic education for more than 50 years and has presided over 33 graduation ceremonies, but if you ask Mr. Ley-den what he considers his greatest accom-plishment, he will say that he is leaving the 
school a better place than he found it. 
This month, Mr. Leyden will retire from his 
career in education. While his time as an edu-cator has come to an end, the results of his hard work will no doubt continue to be seen for generations to come. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the Fifth District of 
Texas, I am honored to recognize Mr. Edward 
Leyden for his devotion to education and for helping to shape a brighter future for our com-munity and our country. 
f 
RATEPAYER PROTECTION ACT OF 
2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 24, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2042) to allow for judicial review of any final rule addressing carbon dioxide emissions from existing fossil fuel-fired electric utility generating units before requiring compliance with such rule, and to allow States to protect households and businesses from significant adverse ef-fects on electricity ratepayers or reliability: 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chair, I rise in oppo-
sition to this attempt to weaken our first real shot at reducing the harmful carbon pollution that is contributing to global climate change and endangering our communities. 
Last month was the hottest May on record. 
Last year was the hottest year. We’ve already seen extreme weather events across the globe—from unprecedented flooding in Texas to deadly drought in India. This is not a coinci-dence. It is not a fluke. It is a real trend identi-fied by ninety-seven percent of climate sci-entists worldwide. And it requires our urgent action to protect our constituents and our envi-ronment. 
It is past time. And when skeptics in this 
Congress refused to acknowledge reality and refused to take any steps to prevent disaster, the President used his authority under the Clean Air Act to reduce carbon emissions, which are a leading contributor to climate change. His proposed Clean Power Plan is a flexible framework for states to cut carbon pol-lution from power plants for the first time. It’s a plan that sets goals, provides options, and lets states figure out what works best for them. 
But today we are considering a bill that 
would undermine the very structure of the Clean Air Act. Currently, when states refuse or fail to fulfill their obligations to reduce pollution under the Clean Air Act, the federal govern-ment has the obligation to step in to put for-ward a plan that would meet the law’s require-ments. This federal backstop is a critical part of our nation’s environmental laws. Today’s legislation would allow states to ‘‘opt out’’ of a federal plan, giving them the authority to ig-nore their responsibility to comply with the rule 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25JN8.001 E25JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E976 June 25, 2015 
and leaving their residents without protection 
from carbon pollution. 
Moreover, we are considering this bill before 
the Clean Power Plan is even finalized. The EPA is in the process of considering input from many states to refine the proposal before putting forward a final rule. This bill would sim-ply delay efforts to reduce air pollution. 
Mr. Speaker, just last week the Pope called 
on all of us to live up to our moral responsi-bility to act on climate change to protect our communities, our environment, and the most vulnerable among us. We should heed that call, reject this bad bill, and work together to prevent the most damaging impacts of climate change. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF GOODWILL INDUS-TRIES OF GREATER NEW YORK AND NEW JERSEY 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to celebrate the 100th Anniversary of Goodwill Industries of Greater New York and Northern New Jersey. 
For a whole century, this organization has 
provided assistance and opportunity to a wide host of thankful recipients in the New York and northern New Jersey area. 
Founded on February 13, 1915 in a Brook-
lyn suburb by two clergymen, the first Goodwill in New York began the task of providing as-sistance to persons with disabilities and dis-advantages so they could achieve a level of self-sufficiency. From this humble start, people requesting assistance earned a living through the collection and sale of donated clothing and other goods. It wasn’t long before the success of the Brooklyn Goodwill spread to other com-munities. 
Years later, in 1922, St. Paul’s Community 
House founded its own Goodwill in Jersey City, New Jersey. In 1962 the Goodwill in Brooklyn merged with its Jersey City cousin to form Goodwill Industries of Greater New York and Northern New Jersey Inc. 
The success from that early Brooklyn store 
is how the organization gained its current name. Goodwill Industries International is composed of 165 agencies in the United States, Canada, and fourteen affiliates abroad. Goodwill’s mission is to ‘‘empower individuals with disabilities and other barriers to employ-ment to gain independence through the power of work,’’ and they certainly have acted on that directive. In 2014 alone, the organization served 95,000 persons in need and connected approximately 8,500 with jobs. Aside from pro-viding job services to persons with disabilities, immigrants, and war veterans, Goodwill also provides free afterschool programs in a bid to assist in the proper education and direction of our nation’s young people. 
Goodwill has also dedicated their efforts to-
wards assisting those afflicted by two major disasters in recent memory. After the events of 9/11, Goodwill organized an emergency employment initiative to assist those whose families had been effected by the terrible events of that day, offering over 70 programs aimed at retail training and rehabilitation through 42 Goodwill stores across New York 
and New Jersey. 
In the wake of the destruction of Hurricane 
Sandy, Goodwill gave back to the community by organizing the distribution of crucially need-ed donated goods, as well as supporting com-munities in the afflicted areas by partnering with local businesses. Even today, Goodwill continues to work with state officials in pro-viding donated goods for those still struggling to recover from the storm. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge you and my colleagues 
to join me in thanking Goodwill Industries and congratulating them on their 100th Anniver-sary. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ST. PATRICK 
CATHOLIC CHURCH 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate a special Iowa church congregation from Imogene, Iowa. St. Patrick Catholic Church will be cele-brating the centennial of their building on July 11, 2015. 
Founded first in 1880, the third St. Patrick 
Catholic Church building was established Au-gust 1915. Since that time, and long before, congregations of Iowans have been worship-ping at St. Patrick’s. Still to this day it remains one of the bedrock institutions of this small Iowa town. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate the 
members of St. Patrick’s for their many years of faithful attendance and service to God. I am proud to represent them in the United States Congress. I know that my colleagues will join me in congratulating St. Patrick’s and wishing them, their pastor, Reverend Tom Kunnel, Bishop Richard Pates, and the community of Imogene nothing but joy in the years ahead. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. STEVE RUSSELL 
OF OKLAHOMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 
376 I was absent due to travel for personal reasons and in connection with my official du-ties. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
Yea. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RON DICKERSON 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Ron Dickerson on his retirement from Nucor Steel Indiana after 27 years with the company. 
As a student at Wabash College, I can re-
member the steel mill being built and the ex-citement it brought to the community as they moved closer to production. Like Wabash Col-
lege, Nucor Steel Indiana calls the Fourth Dis-trict’s Crawfordsville home. Ron has been with Nucor Steel Indiana from the beginning when he was hired as a frontline worker in the hot rolling mill. He worked his way up to the top job, serving as Vice President and General 
Manager of the mill for the past 13 years. 
As a native of Crawfordsville, Ron under-
stands as well as anyone the positive impact the mill has had on the city of 16,000. Nucor Steel Indiana is a major employer, providing high-paying jobs and supporting the work of nonprofit organizations in the community. Nucor’s culture emphasizes the importance of its teammates and Ron embodies that culture. 
Nucor Steel Indiana has enjoyed great suc-
cess under Ron’s leadership, but he would be the first to tell you that success is the result of the hard work of Nucor’s 742 teammates in Crawfordsville. For Ron, nothing is more im-portant than the men and women who work at the mill. 
I have known Ron for a number of years, 
and have always been impressed with his work ethic and desire to succeed. We have a shared love for classic cars, and his 1970 Ford Mustang Mach 1 embodies that Amer-ican desire and work ethic. I have always val-ued Ron’s counsel and appreciate his friend-ship and leadership. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
today in honoring Ron Dickerson for his out-standing career in the steel industry and his commitment to the community of Crawfordsville. I wish him all the best in his re-tirement. 
f 
HONORING DR. LINDA HENRIE 
HON. JEB HENSARLING 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, it is my 
honor to recognize Dr. Linda Henrie, Super-intendent of Mesquite Independent School District, who is retiring after 43 years of serv-ice. Dr. Henrie has been an invaluable asset to the students, teachers, and community of Mesquite, and will be sorely missed. 
Dr. Henrie leaves behind a legacy of leader-
ship that started in the 1980s when she began shattering glass ceilings. She began her ca-reer with Mesquite ISD as a business teacher at Mesquite High School and became presi-dent of the Mesquite Education Association. In the fall of 1986, Dr. Henrie became one of the first women to be appointed to a secondary administration position in the district. 
Dr. Henrie has served MISD in a variety of 
positions throughout her long and successful career. She spent 15 years in administrative positions and four years as deputy super-intendent prior to assuming the role of super-intendent in 2005. In addition to her official job description, she has also been a cheerleader for many athletic events, a patron of countless school plays and shows and an overall sup-porter to everyone in MISD. 
Thanks to her fiscal savvy and wise stew-
ardship of limited resources, the school district was able to succeed and even reach new ac-complishments in recent years. She found a way to avoid job cuts and often reminded her hard-working staff—in both word and by ex-ample—that they were charged with giving the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25JN8.001 E25JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E977 June 25, 2015 
taxpayers a good return on investment at 
MISD. 
While overseeing the 46-campus MISD, Dr. 
Henrie has somehow found time to be in-volved in other professional groups and orga-nizations. The Texas Association of School Administrators, Mesquite Education Associa-tion, Texas Staff Development Council, Texas ASCD, UIL Legislative Council, and the Na-tional Federation of State High School Asso-ciations and Equity Center have all benefitted from Dr. Henrie’s wisdom and leadership. 
During her tenure, MISD was a recognized 
district in 2010 and 2011, received the Texas Award for Performance Excellence from Qual-ity Texas, gained membership in the Comp-troller’s Gold Leadership Circle, and was a large-district finalist in the H-E-B Excellence in Education Awards for three consecutive years. MISD is also one of only 11 public school dis-tricts to earn the highest rating of five stars on the Financial Allocation Study for Texas (FAST) for three consecutive years. 
Dr. Henrie received personal recognition as 
the recipient of Mesquite Social Services’ Women in Service and Enterprise Award, Texas ASCD’s Brownlee Leadership Award, the ATPE’s 2011 Administrator Educator of the Year honor, and City of Mesquite Pillar of the Community Award. 
This year Dr. Henrie will retire. Though her 
time as an educator has come to an end, the results of her hard work will no doubt continue to be seen for generations to come. While she may be giving up the title of superintendent, I have no doubt her role as one of MISD’s big-gest fans will continue. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the Fifth District of 
Texas, I am honored to recognize Dr. Linda Henrie for her devotion to education and for helping to shape a brighter future for our com-munity and our country. 
f 
ALZHEIMER’S AWARENESS MONTH 
HON. JOHN ABNEY CULBERSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, June is Alz-
heimer’s & Brain Awareness Month, an oppor-tunity to raise awareness and continue a na-tional conversation about this debilitating dis-ease, which is the nation’s sixth leading cause of death. 
Worldwide, there are 47 million people living 
with Alzheimer’s and other dementias, and without a change, these numbers are ex-pected to grow to 76 million by 2030. Not only will this affect individuals and families with an unmeasurable toll of physical and emotional pain, it will also cost our entire economy and health care system billions. Just this year alone, the disease is estimated to cost us $226 billion. 
Even more concerning, Mr. Speaker, is the 
fact that Alzheimer’s disease is not treatable and its progression cannot be slowed down. However, I am encouraged by the important work that researchers are doing at the Na-tional Institute of Health regarding this deadly disease. Furthermore, I am glad that my col-leagues and I in the House came together in a responsible and bi-partisan manner to not only increase funding to $31.2 billion for the NIH ($1.1 billion above fiscal year 2015 and $100 million above the President’s request); 
but within that allocation provided $886 million for the Alzheimer’s disease research initiative, a $300 million increase. I am hopeful that these research dollars will go a long way to treating, and ultimately curing this disease. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE HONEY 
POT VOLUNTEER ACTIVE FIRE DEPARTMENT’S 50TH ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor 
to help commemorate the 50th anniversary of the establishment of The Honey Pot Volunteer Active Fire Department in Honey Pot, Pennsyl-vania, which continually works to ensure pub-lic safety within my congressional district. Out of seven fire departments in the City of Nan-ticoke, it is the only independent station sup-ported solely from fundraisers and the State fire grant. 
After a devastating fire consumed three 
houses, a group of Honey Pot residents char-tered the department in April of 1965. Under the leadership of the department’s first chief, Theadore Zdiarski, the organization raised suf-ficient funds to purchase a $32,000 1965 FWD pumper through the sale of rags, metals, and other miscellaneous items; an impressive feat in and of itself. 
Throughout the years, the department has 
responded to calls in neighboring municipali-ties such as Nanticoke, Wilkes Barre, Plym-outh, Plymouth Township, Shickshinny, and Dupont; service that has greatly enhanced public safety across Northeastern Pennsyl-vania. In 1992, the company created a junior firefighter program. In doing so, the company not only successfully increased their member-ship, but also engaged with local youths. 
In addition to their stellar record of public 
service, the company has repeatedly used fundraising efforts as a way to positively influ-ence the community. For example, when the department needed to replace its aged pump-er truck in 2000, the members organized a ‘‘cabbage roll,’’ a fundraiser where participants compete in rolling heads of cabbage down a hill. The cabbage roll made local headlines across Northeastern Pennsylvania, and such an event is testament to the integral role the company plays in the local community outside of the fire station. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to recognize 
The Honey Pot Volunteer Active Fire Depart-ment as it celebrates its 50th anniversary. On behalf of a grateful community, I wish to thank the department and its members for their tire-less service and unwavering commitment to increasing public safety. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE RETIREMENT 
OF DR. DUANE M. FORD 
HON. RON KIND 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in honor 
of the career of Dr. Duane M. Ford, President of Southwest Wisconsin Technical College. He 
served as the fifth president of the College for the past four years. 
Dr. Ford grew up on a family farm outside 
of Tonica, Illinois. He spent much of his child-hood doing chores and helping out with the farm work. He eventually went on to University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, where he re-ceived a Bachelor of Science in Agronomy with Highest and University Honors in 1977. After farming with his father and brother for two years, he studied at Iowa State University, where he received an M.S. and a Ph.D. He then served as a Post-Doctorate Fellow in the Department of Biological Sciences at the Uni-versity of Illinois at Chicago. 
In 1986, he began his career in teaching 
and academic leadership at Truman State Uni-versity in Kirksville, Missouri, where he first discovered his passion for teaching. While at Truman State, he served as Convener of the Agricultural Science Discipline, as Associate Division Head for the Division of Science, re-ceived a fellowship in the W.K. Kellogg Na-tional Leadership Program (1991–1994), and studied for a sabbatical year at the Center for Biotechnology Policy and Ethics at Texas A&M University (1993–1994). In 1996, Dr. Ford became the Chairperson of the Depart-ment of Agriculture at Southeast Missouri State University in Cape Girardeau, Missouri. From 1999–2011 he was Dean of the College of Business, Industry, Life Science and Agri-culture at the University of Wisconsin- Platteville, where he also served as Interim Provost and Vice Chancellor before becoming President of Southwest Tech in 2011. 
Under President Ford’s leadership, South-
west Tech has become a premiere place for high-quality, affordable education and training. Dr. Ford has a strong relationship with busi-nesses in the area, and he has adapted the curriculum to reflect the needs of the nearly 12,000 students per year attending Southwest Tech. Throughout his career, he has stayed true to his Midwest roots. He was a creative thinker and tireless advocate for education. I personally have enjoyed working with Duane, first at UW-Platteville, then as President of Southwest Tech, where his pursuit of quality educational opportunities for his students was inspirational. He will be missed. 
Duane and his wife Sheri currently live in 
Platteville, Wisconsin. They have two adult children, Hollie and Simon, a grandson, Matt, and a cat named Dusty. In his retirement, Duane looks forward to pursuing his hobbies of running, bicycling, baking and disc golf. Dr. Ford will continue to serve on the Board of Di-rectors for Southwest Health Center. 
f 
IN HONOR OF HUGO TOTTINO 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the agricultural and public service ca-reer of a great American. Mr. Hugo Tottino is being honored this month by the Grower Ship-per Association of Central California with the E.E. Gene Harden Award for Lifetime Achieve-ment in Central Coast Agriculture. Known to many as the ‘‘Artichoke King’’ and to his friends and family at Ocean Mist Farms as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25JN8.003 E25JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E978 June 25, 2015 
simply Hugo, he is one of the pioneers of 
modern agriculture on the Central Coast. So while you may have never heard of him, I can guarantee that every member of this House has eaten something grown by Hugo and his family. 
Hugo’s lifelong love and passion for farming 
undoubtedly began while working closely with his father on the family farm while growing up. Upon graduation from Salinas High in 1944, Hugo gave up a Saint Mary’s College football scholarship to enlist in the Navy. After return-ing home to Castroville in 1946, Hugo joined California Artichoke and Vegetable Growers Corporation now known as Ocean Mist Farms. Once at work, Hugo turned his boundless en-ergy toward helping to grow this family owned business into the dynamic industry leader that it is today. His signature work ethic is well known. He still drives to the office six days a week. And his leadership has extended be-yond Ocean Mist Farms to the broader agri-cultural community. Hugo has been instru-mental in championing the development of the Castroville Seawater Intrusion Project, helping to slow the rate of sea water intrusion into fresh water aquifers. He helped rally support to utilize alternative sources of water to save thousands of crop acres, and has been ac-tively involved in the efforts of soil conserva-tion and water reclamation. 
Hugo also turned his passion towards family 
and community. In 1951, Hugo married the love of his life, Doris Bei from Santa Cruz. To-gether they raised five children: Michele, Les, Karen, Cathy, David and are the loving grand-parents of Amy, Brian, Katie, Jeff, Kevin, Sarah, Lisa, Glen, and Mary. He and Doris have also been active leaders or contributors to numerous community endeavors, including Salinas Valley Memorial Hospital, the Mon-terey County Food Bank, Our Lady of Refuge Catholic Church, the Ausonio Library, and North Monterey County High School, to name just a few. 
Mr. Speaker, I know I speak on behalf of 
the entire House in thanking Mr. Tottino for his decades of service to this nation and its agri-culture industry. I wish him nothing but suc-cess wherever this next chapter of life takes him, and we are proud that he calls Castroville and California’s Central Coast his home. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF MR. 
RICHARD A. MARSICO 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the life of Mr. Richard A. Marsico who passed away on June 6th, 2015. Richard was born to his loving parents Anthony and Mary Marsico on October 5th, 1934. Mr. Marsico was raised on the south side of Youngstown, Ohio. He graduated from Wood-row Wilson High School in 1953 and was in-ducted into the Woodrow Wilson Hall of Fame for his successful high school football career. Richard later graduated from the Ohio State University in 1958 with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Civil Engineering. 
Richard was later commissioned second 
lieutenant in the U.S. Army Reserves in 1958 and obtained the rank of captain during his service. He was honorably discharged in 
1969. Mr. Marsico continued to work in the field of engineering with Engelhardt & Associ-ates until 1968 when he formed his own firm, Richard A. Marsico & Associates. His firm helped expand prominent businesses, like General Motors and Packard Electric Plants which made our community more economi-cally prosperous. Richard used his talents to contribute to the growth and prosperity of Youngstown by serving as the director of pub-lic works, the city engineer, as well as the chief building official and plan examiner. In 1997, he was elected to the office of Mahoning County Engineer and served for four terms. He also served as the president of the County Engineers Association of Ohio, and won the Mahoning County Township As-sociation’s ‘‘Excellence in Service’’ Award. 
Richard was very hardworking and dedi-
cated; he achieved many successes and was well-respected among his colleagues and throughout the community. On June 19, 1954 Richard married his high school sweetheart Shirlee Eckerle. After Shirlee’s passing, Rich-ard married Patricia DePizzo-Como on July 27, 2007. Richard is preceded in death by par-ents Anthony and Mary Marsico; wife, Shirlee; and his son Richard Phillip Marsico. He leaves behind his wife Patricia; sons, Martin and David; daughter-in-law, Nita; stepchildren, Michelle and Bryan; his wonderful grand-children; and great-granddaughter, Mia. He is also survived by his brother, Dr. Robert Marsico and numerous nieces and nephews. Richard will be remembered for being a noble man of valor as well as for his professional ac-complishments. I extend my condolences to his entire family. Our community is a better place to call home due to his great contribu-tions and he will be dearly missed. 
f 
THE MICHIGAN CONGRESSIONAL 
DELEGATION CONGRATULATING QUICKEN LOANS ON 30 YEARS OF EXCELLENCE 
HON. BILL HUIZENGA 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today, along with my colleagues Reps. J
OHN CONYERS , C ANDICE MILLER , J OHN 
MOOLENAAR , BRENDA LAWRENCE , MIKEBISHOP , 
DANBENISHEK , TIMWALBERG , DAVID TROTT , 
DEBBIE DINGELL , FRED UPTON , D ANKILDEE , 
and S ANDER LEVIN, to congratulate Quicken 
Loans Inc. on its 30th year in business and recognize its pivotal role in revitalizing Detroit as well as its impact on Michigan’s economy. Quicken Loans has helped more than 2 million American families achieve their dream of home ownership. 
Originally founded as Rock Financial in 
1985 by Detroit native Dan Gilbert, Quicken Loans Inc. has grown to become America’s largest online lender and the 2nd largest lend-er in the United States. From 2013–2014 alone, Quicken closed $140 billion of mort-gage volume across all 50 states. 
As the largest FHA lender, Quicken has 
helped lower income Americans borrow money for the purchase of a home that they would likely otherwise not have been able to afford. Quicken Loans’ commitment to its cus-tomers is commendable, as Quicken has 
maintained the best loan quality score and lowest default rate among the largest 30 FHA lenders. 
Because of its commitment to its customers, 
Quicken Loans Inc. has been awarded the J.D. Power awards for Highest in Customer Satisfaction for Primary Mortgage Origination for five straight years, their award for Highest in Customer Satisfaction among home loan servicers in 2014, and their award for Cus-tomer Service Champion—making Quicken Loans Inc. one of only 40 companies in the United States to receive this prestigious award. 
Over the past 30 years, Quicken has taken 
civic engagement to a new level by estab-lishing itself as a leader and innovator in com-munity engagement by developing a culture that encourages its 12,000 team members to volunteer in communities surrounding Detroit, Michigan; Cleveland, Ohio; North Scottsdale, Arizona; San Diego, California, and Charlotte, North Carolina, where the team members work and live. 
Last year alone, Quicken Loans Inc. do-
nated more than $16 million to local charities and its team members volunteered over 75,000 hours to charity work including: assist-ing local veterans, community development, and helping in the downtown revitalization process in Detroit. It’s for reasons like these that Quicken has ranked in the Top 30 of FORTUNE Magazine’s Best Places to Work in America for 12 years. 
The leadership of Quicken Loans Inc. in re-
storing Detroit cannot be understated. 
On December 3, 2013, the City of Detroit 
was declared bankrupt. Since that time, Quick-en Loans Inc. founder and Chairman Dan Gil-bert was named co-chair of the Blight Re-moval Task Force which continues to focus on the revitalization of Detroit through the re-moval of all blighted structures and lots within the city. Additionally, Mr. Gilbert serves as Vice Chairman of the M–1 RAIL initiative which began construction in July 2014. The 6.6 mile light rail system is designed to spur economic development and improve down-town and midtown Detroit’s transportation in-frastructure. 
As of midnight on December 11, 2014, De-
troit successfully left Chapter 9 municipal bankruptcy. This transition would not have been possible without key players, one of which was Quicken Loans Inc., and their com-mitment to Michigan and the city of Detroit. 
Congratulations to Quicken Loans Inc. on 
your 30th anniversary and thank you for lead-ing by example in communities here in Michi-gan and across the nation. 
f 
HONORING LOCAL VETERAN 
EDWARD HENDERSON 
HON. MIKE BISHOP 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor a Vietnam War veteran from Rochester Hills, Michigan, Mr. Edward Hen-derson. 
Mr. Henderson spent several years in Thai-
land and Vietnam during the late 1960’s and early 1970’s. He served with the U.S. Army 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25JN8.007 E25JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E979 June 25, 2015 
Security Agency, and until just recently, his 
mission remained confidential. 
As his new Congressman, Mr. Henderson 
recently contacted my office to request his military records. During the process, the U.S. Army notified us that he was entitled to six awards earned during his time overseas near-ly 50 years ago. 
It’s shocking to think veterans, like Edward 
Henderson, can go so long without recognition for their service. We must right this wrong. 
Selfless veterans like Edward Henderson 
don’t ‘‘win’’ medals. They earn them. They put their lives on the line to protect us and our freedom. And our Vietnam veterans went through hell and back to defend America and our allies. 
That’s why when they return, it’s our re-
sponsibility to honor and fight for them here at home. 
Leaving the battlefield does not mean their 
battles are done. So as a nation, we must do more to support and reach out to our vet-erans. 
We have a duty to do whatever we can to 
serve and honor our American heroes. Not just today, but every day. 
So thank you—to Ed, his wife Martha, and 
his family and friends. We owe him more than just medals, but a lifetime of gratitude. 
f 
CONGRATULATING ILLINOIS AUDI-
TOR GENERAL WILLIAM G. HOL-LAND ON HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate William G. Holland on his retire-ment from serving as Illinois Auditor General. Mr. Holland’s almost 25 years of service have illustrated his persistent dedication to the State of Illinois. 
The Illinois General Assembly has ap-
pointed Mr. Holland as Auditor General for an unprecedented three 10-year terms. Through-out his tenure, he has consistently maintained stability during some of our state’s most turbu-lent times. His career embodies true public service, and he has been a role model for many other public servants, including myself. 
I have known Mr. Holland for more than 30 
years and had the privilege to serve as an in-tern when he was the Chief of Staff to the Illi-nois Senate President. I have seen first-hand that regardless of who or what party is in power, he has always upheld the important values of fiscal responsibility, transparency, and accountability. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize and 
thank Mr. Holland for his longstanding commit-ment to good government in the State of Illi-nois, and I congratulate him again on his well- earned retirement. 
f 
TSCA MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, our country’s 
federal toxic chemicals regulation has been broken for decades. Since Congress first 
passed the Toxic Substances Control Act in 1976, the EPA has placed restrictions on only five of the estimated 60,000 chemicals in com-merce, and since the EPA’s ban on asbestos was overturned in 1991, zero chemicals have been regulated. This law is in dire need of re-form. 
While toxic chemicals regulations have 
floundered for decades at the federal level, California and several other states have passed important laws to protect communities and notify consumers. These state laws, in-cluding California’s landmark Proposition 65, have motivated many companies to reduce or eliminate toxic chemicals from their products. 
It was with these state laws in mind that I 
offered an amendment at the Energy & Com-merce Committee markup of this legislation to clarify its impact on state laws. My amend-ment was based on the recommendations of 12 State Attorneys General who wrote to the Committee: California, New York, Massachu-setts, Washington, Iowa, Oregon, Maryland, Vermont, Hawaii, Maine, Rhode Island, and New Hampshire. 
I’m pleased that the final version of the bill 
before us today, as well as the Committee Re-port on the bill and the C
ONGRESSIONAL  
RECORD , addresses several of the issues I 
raised along with the 12 Attorneys General who wrote to the Committee with their con-cerns. 
First, the final text of the bill includes my 
amendment’s clarification to ensure states can continue to enforce existing laws unless spe-cifically preempted. Without this change, the bill could have been interpreted to only grand-father ongoing enforcement actions, rather than all existing state laws and regulations. 
Second, the sponsor of the bill, my good 
friend Mr. S
HIMKUS of Illinois, clarified in a col-
loquy with me that no existing state laws or re-quirements will be preempted by this bill un-less they actually conflict with federal require-ments. Mr. S
HIMKUS also confirmed on the 
Record that the bill is not intended to interfere with the operation of Proposition 65 or the ability of the State of California or private citi-zens to enforce that landmark law. 
Third, the multi-state Attorney General letter 
called for further clarification that the bill is not intended to preempt state monitoring, informa-tion reporting, and disclosure laws. These im-portant laws help keep regulators and commu-nities informed about the presence of toxic chemicals. I’m pleased that the Committee Report states that ‘‘the Committee expects that these type of requirements would gen-erally fall outside the scope of preemption.’’ 
With these important changes and clarifica-
tions, the preemption and savings provisions in the TSCA Modernization Act are substan-tially improved and I appreciate the willingness of Chairmen U
PTON and S HIMKUS to make 
these improvements to the bill. 
The TSCA law is long overdue for reform 
and with the above changes included in the TSCA Modernization Act, I support it and urge my colleagues to do the same. RECOGNIZING DAVID L. DIEDRICH 
FOR 40 YEARS OF OUTSTANDING MILITARY AND COMMUNITY SERVICE 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize David L. Diedrich, a resident of Al-toona, for his heroic efforts and selfless serv-ice to his country and community over the past 40 years. 
Mr. Diedrich served in the United States 
Army for 20 years after attending the United States Military Academy at West Point, where he graduated in the top ten percent of the class of 1976. For his subsequent exemplary military service in Hawaii, Detroit, and Ger-many, Mr. Diedrich was awarded the Army Meritorious Service Medal three times and the Army Commendation Medal twice. 
After attaining a Master’s degree in Civil En-
gineering and returning to West Point as a ca-reer counselor and instructor, Mr. Diedrich be-came the City Engineer and the Director of Public Works for the City of Altoona, where he oversaw the public works of the entire city. In addition to this role, Mr. Diedrich has served the local community as a member of the Im-proved Dwellings of Altoona Board of Direc-tors, through his church, and as a mentor to area students interested in the United States Military Academy. 
It is my honor to recognize Mr. Diedrich, 
one of our nation’s many heroes, and con-gratulate him for his decades of dedicated service to our country and his local commu-nity. 
f 
CARE ACT OF 2015 
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, on 
June 12, we observed International Day Against Child Labor. This is the day set aside to remind us of the plight of hundreds of mil-lions of children throughout the world who are engaged in dangerous work that often de-prives them of obtaining adequate education, health and decent living conditions. 
Unconscionably, hundreds of thousands of 
these children live right here in the United States. These children work long hours and under dangerous conditions in our nation’s ag-ricultural industry. 
This industry has a fatality rate nearly 8 
times the national average, yet our labor laws do not protect children in agriculture in the same way they protect children in every other industry. 
The impact of our permissive child labor 
laws is most evident in our tobacco fields. Human Rights Watch recently issued a study that found children as young as twelve suf-fering from nausea, vomiting, headaches and dizziness, all symptoms of acute nicotine poi-soning, likely contracted by absorbing nicotine through their skin while harvesting tobacco plants. 
Many of these children say they work long 
hours without overtime pay, often in extreme 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25JN8.010 E25JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E980 June 25, 2015 
heat, without sufficient breaks, or adequate 
protective gear. 
These hazards have led countries like Rus-
sia and Kazakhstan to restrict tobacco har-vesting to adults, but no such protections exist for children in the United States. 
The time has come for the United States of 
America to bring child labor laws in line with our American values and give all of our chil-dren the fundamental protections they need and rightfully deserve. 
That is why I am once again re-introducing 
the Children’s Act for Responsible Employ-ment, better known as the CARE Act. 
While retaining current exemptions for family 
farms and agricultural education programs like 4-H and Future Farmers of America, the CARE Act raises labor standards and protec-tions for farm worker children to the same level set for children in all other occupations. 
Specifically the CARE ACT ends our coun-
try’s double standard that allows children in agriculture to work at younger ages and for longer hours than those working in all other in-dustries. 
It raises the minimum age for agricultural 
work to 14 and restricts children under 16 from work that interferes with their education or endangers their health and well-being. 
The CARE Act also prohibits children under 
the age of 18 from working in agricultural jobs which the Department of Labor has declared as particularly hazardous. This is consistent with current law governing every industry out-side of agriculture. 
No child should be discriminated against 
based on the work they do. All of America’s children deserve to be protected equally under our laws. 
Mr. Speaker, it is our moral obligation to do 
everything in our power to protect the rights, safety and educational future of our most pre-cious resource—America’s children, and I urge my colleagues to support the CARE Act. 
f 
HONORING COLONEL JAMES C. 
HODGES 
HON. THOMAS MacARTHUR 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. M ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay 
tribute to Colonel James C. Hodges of the United States Air Force for his extraordinary dedication to duty and service to our nation as the Commander at Joint Base McGuire-Dix- Lakehurst in New Jersey. Colonel Hodges is leaving his position at the Joint Base and transitioning to a new role. 
Today, the Joint Base stands as a model, 
state-of-the-art facility with Army, Air Force, Navy, Marine and Coast Guard operations, in-cluding airlift and air refueling, soldier training and deployment and aircraft carrier research and development. The Joint Base’s officers provide an invaluable service to the military. In particular, the 87th Air Base Wing provides in-stallation management support for 3,933 facili-ties with an approximate value of $9.3 billion in physical infrastructure. 
Colonel Hodges has been serving as the 
87th Air Base Wing Commander and Installa-tion Commander, where he has provided in-stallation support to more than 80 mission partners. Colonel Hodges has also been re-sponsible for providing mission-ready expedi-
tionary Airmen and Sailors to combatant com-manders in support of joint and combined op-erations. As the Commander of the Nation’s only Tri-Service Base, Colonel Hodges has had a very difficult job, which he has per-formed masterfully. 
A career civil engineer, Colonel Hodges ob-
tained his degree from the U.S. Air Force Academy in 1991. Upon receiving such de-gree, Colonel Hodges has served a variety of staff positions at the base, major command, joint, multinational and Pentagon levels. He has also commanded at the squadron and group level. His contingency experience in-cludes service as a commander of an expedi-tionary civil engineer squadron in Operation Iraqi Freedom and as a joint-multinational staff officer in support of Operation Enduring Free-dom. 
Along with his lengthy service, Colonel 
Hodges has devoted countless hours of his time to furthering his education. He holds a Master of Science in engineering and policy from Washington University, a Master of Arts in organizational management from George Washington University and a Master of Stra-tegic Studies from the Air War College. 
Colonel Hodges’ great work has not gone 
unnoticed. His military awards include the Le-gion of Merit, the Bronze Star, the Defense Meritorious Service Medal, the Meritorious Service Medal with silver oak leaf cluster, the Air Force Commendation Medal, the Joint Achievement Medal and the Air Force Achievement Medal. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize the 
selfless service of Colonel James C. Hodges as he transitions into a new role and continues to serve the United States of America. I wish him the best as he proceeds into the next 
chapter of his career. 
f 
HONORING MICHAEL KARLS OF 
THE FESTUS TIGERS 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Michael Karls of the Festus Tigers for his first place win in the 3200 Meter Run at the 2015 Class 4 Track and Field State Championship. 
Michael and his coach should be com-
mended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. He was also chosen as his school’s scholar- athlete of the 2014–2015 year by the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing Michael 
Karls of the Festus Tigers for a job well done. 
f 
HONORING WASHINGTON STATE 
UNIVERSITY PRESIDENT ELSON FLOYD 
HON. DAVID G. REICHERT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, today we re-
member the life of Washington State Univer-sity President Elson Floyd. Dr. Floyd was one 
of the leading lights of education in our state. He not only ensured that he personally en-gaged with the lives of the students on his own campus, but he advocated for higher edu-cation across the state to any who would lis-ten. He made educating his top priority and took extra measures to help his school suc-ceed—such as cutting his own salary when he saw the effects of the economic downturn on WSU. I have had the pleasure of personally meeting Dr. Floyd and was moved by his pas-sion and sincerity. We need more men and women like him throughout this country, help-ing our young people realize the advantages of pursuing a good education and pursue their dreams. My thoughts and prayers are with his wife and children as well as with his WSU family. As we say in the law enforcement world, he is gone but never forgotten. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 77TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE FAIR LABOR STANDARDS ACT 
HON. ROBERT A. BRADY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to honor the 77th Anniversary of the Fair Labor Standards Act. 
As you know, we can thank the Fair Labor 
Standards Act (FLSA), signed into law by President Franklin Roosevelt in 1938, for pro-viding workers with an hourly minimum wage, overtime pay, and child labor protections. Since then, the FLSA has been amended nu-merous times in an attempt to reflect changes in the cost of living. The most recent increase was in 2007, bringing the hourly minimum wage from $5.15 per hour to its current rate of $7.25 per hour. 
Unfortunately, many key components of the 
FLSA are outdated and have failed to keep pace with the demands of daily life in 2015. This includes the value of the minimum wage, which has decreased sharply over the past few years—a mere $7.25 per hour equates to $14,500 per year for a full-time minimum wage employee. This makes it difficult for individuals to support themselves and their families, forc-ing many people to live below the poverty line. Other present day workers’ concerns include the subminimum wage for tipped workers, which has remained at $2.13 per hour for the past two decades. Domestic workers lack ac-cess to health care, paid sick days or paid time off—something I believe must be changed. Moreover, ‘‘comp time’’ in lieu of overtime pay, and break time for nursing mothers are workers’ rights issues that need to be addressed in order to have a more pro-ductive workforce that can compete in a global marketplace, as well as to maintain a thriving society here at home. 
We just celebrated the Fair Labor Standards 
Act’s 75th Anniversary two years ago, and there was a lot of positive discussion around the issue at that time. We must keep up this momentum and continue to fight for workers’ rights in our increasingly global economy. People deserve a livable wage for a hard days’ work, and we urge you to bring up legis-lation that will lift so many Americans out of poverty. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN8.014 E25JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E981 June 25, 2015 
CELEBRATING THE RETIREMENT 
OF MONSIGNOR JOHN BEVINS 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to cele-
brate the retirement of Monsignor John Bevins of the Basilica of the Immaculate Conception in Waterbury, Connecticut. 
This Sunday, Monsignor Bevins will cele-
brate the completion of 24 years of distin-guished service to the Basilica of the Immacu-late Conception and the entire Waterbury community. Prior to his appointment as pastor of the basilica, Monsignor Bevins was a Navy Chaplain for 23 years, faithfully serving his fel-low servicemembers wherever he was sta-tioned including Vietnam. Monsignor Bevins has dedicated his life to his church, city, and country. 
During his time as pastor, Monsignor Bevins 
has built a legacy of innovation and compas-sion for the basilica and its members. He was instrumental in having the parish named a minor basilica by Pope Benedict XVI in 2008 and has been involved in the creation and res-toration of numerous parish programs. From feeding the homeless every morning, to pro-viding workshops for adult education, to lead-ing a massive renovation project, Monsignor Bevins’ spiritual guidance and good work has positively impacted countless lives. 
Monsignor Bevins illustrates the power of al-
truistic generosity and determination to bring-ing people together and strengthening commu-nities. I would like to thank him for his excep-tional contributions to the Basilica of the Im-maculate Conception and the Waterbury com-munity. He will be greatly missed, but his leg-acy of service at Immaculate Conception will continue for years to come. 
Congratulations to Monsignor Bevins on his 
retirement. 
f 
HONORING THE 50TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE VIETNAM WAR 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise to honor the 50th Anniversary of the start of the Vietnam War. 
The treatment so many of our veterans 
faced when they returned home from tours of duty was and is unacceptable. It is a dark chapter in our nation’s history that we must never allow to be repeated. It is a testament to our veterans’ unyielding call to duty that so many of them remain involved in veteran’s service organizations and continue taking care of our troops as they return home from the conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq. 
Georgia has a rich military heritage and her 
involvement in the Vietnam War is no dif-ferent. Out of the 228,000 sons and daughters of our state that served in the military during the war, 1,584 were killed, 8,534 were wound-ed, 21 were held as prisoners of war and 35 are missing in action. Today, it is our honor to be the home state of an estimated 254,000 Vietnam veterans. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the people of the 
First District of Georgia, it is my honor to ex-tend to our veterans this long overdue wel-come home with the thanks of a grateful na-tion. 
f 
HONORING WAYNE BURGESS UPON 
HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to thank and honor an advocate, employee, veteran, and community leader from my dis-trict, Mr. Wayne Burgess, upon his retirement. Wayne has been a fixture of the Groton com-munity for nearly 50 years, as the longest serving Principal Officer of MDA–UAW Local 571, as the President of the Southeastern Connecticut Central Labor Council, AFL–CIO, and as a leader in countless other local serv-ice organizations. 
His energy and commitment are boundless, 
as evidenced by his impressive accomplish-ments, beginning with his service in the Navy during the Vietnam War. Wayne served three deployments aboard the USS Taylor from 1967–1969 before returning home to work at Electric Boat, where he has remained involved ever since. At EB, he worked as a technical/ test writer before being elected MDA–UAW Fi-nancial Secretary in 1988. In the years that followed, Wayne constantly saw new opportu-nities for EB and its employees. He began the EB School to Work program in the City of Groton that allows high school juniors the op-portunity to work at EB during the summers. 
Wayne also devotes his time to the United 
Way of Southeastern Connecticut, serving on the Food Advisory Board for the Gemma E. Moran United Way Center in New London and serves as the volunteer Chairman of the Char-ter Oak Credit Union Supervisory Committee. He is a devoted advocate for labor, for good jobs, for opportunity, and for the hardworking members of our community. 
Please join me in thanking Wayne Burgess 
for the monumental impact he has made on the Groton community, and wishing him a peaceful and productive retirement. 
f 
TRADE ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise in support of Trade Adjustment Assistance. Although it is important that we sustain this program, this is not the best reau-thorization bill the House could consider. How-ever, the program expires on September 30 and this legislation allows workers in my dis-trict and across the country to access the sup-port they need to compete in our global econ-omy. 
Unlike the bill that I introduced with Ranking 
Member L
EVIN earlier this year, today’s bill has 
several shortcomings, including one of critical concern. This legislation cuts funding for work-er training from $575 million to $450 million at a time when we are expanding markets and 
transforming our economy. 
We are in the middle of simultaneously ne-
gotiating trade agreements with Asia and the Pacific, as well as the European Union. Those who are impacted from increased competition deserve support and a safety net to adjust and reenter the job market. 
The Administration recognizes that the $450 
million funding level does not take into ac-count increased competition from Asia and the Pacific. However, Secretary Perez has as-sured Congress that his funding level is ade-quate to cover not only training services, but also case management, reemployment serv-ices, and state administration of the pro-gram—all areas that had been previously funded separately, not with a combined fund-ing stream, like that in this bill. I hope the Sec-retary is correct but should this not be the case, I hope the Administration is prepared to work with Congress to provide additional fund-ing with the same vigor they’ve invested in passing TPA. 
I am glad to see that we are no longer pay-
ing for this program by cutting funds from Medicare. However, I am disappointed that this bill does not qualify public sector workers for Trade Adjustment Assistance. They are an important part of our workforce and should be able to qualify for access to the same serv-ices. 
Our nation’s economy and success depend 
on our workers. Over the last decade, I have been a strong supporter of Trade Adjustment Assistance and have led the effort to protect, extend, and enhance the program. I believe in this program and will continue this fight for good jobs, to ensure American workers can provide for their families, and that our country remains competitive. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LYNN A. WESTMORELAND 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. WESTMORELAND. Mr. Speaker, on 
June 23, 2015 I missed votes due to a pre-viously scheduled doctor’s appointment. 
f 
HONORING MACKENZIE RONEY OF 
THE HERCULANEUM BLACKCATS 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Mackenzie Roney of the Herculaneum Blackcats for her first place win in Pole Vaulting at the 2015 Class 3 Track and Field State Championship. 
Mackenzie and her coach should be com-
mended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. She was also chosen as her school’s scholar- athlete of the 2014–2015 year by the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing Mac-
kenzie Roney of the Herculaneum Blackcats for a job well done. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN8.008 E25JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E982 June 25, 2015 
CELEBRATING THE 110TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE MENDHAM FIRE DEPARTMENT 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the 110th Anniversary of the Mendham Fire Department located in the Borough of Mendham in Morris County, New Jersey. 
The Mendham Fire Department was estab-
lished on June 20, 1905. The first officers of the department were elected at the founding meeting. The President was Edward S.P. Bretherton, Secretary J. Smith Gunther, Treas-urer Charles P. Bretherton, and Chief John M. Hoffman. The original firehouse was com-pleted in December 1906 with $885 raised by the residents. In 1913 the Mendham Inde-pendent Hook, Ladder, and Hose Company No. 1 was formed. One year later in 1904 the First Aid Squad came into existence with twelve men volunteers. In the past century, the department has grown and continued to provide the community with exemplary service. 
On September 11, 2001 the fire department 
responded to terrorist attacks in New York. Their First Aid Squad was also sent to the World Trade Center to assist the victims at the site of the tragedy. 
In 2014, the department responded to 250 
calls with an average response time of seven minutes and twenty-two seconds. This is about two minutes less than the national aver-age for all volunteer fire organizations. The department is not just responsible for respond-ing to emergency calls. They are actively in-volved in just about every facet of the Mendham community and provide mutual aid to neighboring towns. 
Each year the department continues to grow 
their junior membership. They provide oppor-tunities for young men and women aged six-teen to eighteen, who participate in various firefighting and first aid activities. The makeup of the junior membership represents the best and brightest of Mendham. They carry on to college and beyond the confidence and skills that are instilled in them while working at the fire department. 
The Mendham Fire Department has been 
able to maintain and grow a wonderful rela-tionship of trust and respect with Mendham residents. For this 110th Anniversary the de-partment is planning a number of events and activities to celebrate their achievements. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in thanking and 
recognizing the Mendham Fire Department for their 110 years of dedicated service to the community. 
f 
HONORING TEMPLE, TX POLICE 
CHIEF GARY SMITH 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the distinguished career of Temple, TX Police Chief Gary Smith. With his retirement approaching, he will soon close out 37 years of incredible service to his commu-
nity and begin the next chapter of his life. 
A native son of Temple, Smith joined the 
force right out of high school and quickly rose through the ranks, showcasing his leadership and expertise at every step along the way. Recognition of his excellence included his being named Rookie of the Year and twice re-ceiving the prestigious Officer of the Year award. Community leaders took notice of his great work and Smith was honored by the Temple City Council on three separate occa-sions for his stellar leadership and commit-ment to duty. 
Chief Smith led his department with dedica-
tion, honesty, and integrity. Over the decades, Smith has seen his beloved police department 
grow from a small town force into a skilled and mobile law enforcement agency capable of providing safety to this rapidly growing city. Due in large part to his leadership, Temple is now one of the safest cities in the country. Locals could always sleep well knowing their safety was Smith’s first priority. 
As a former judge, I know firsthand the es-
sential role police officers play in maintaining law and order and the risks they face every time they report for duty. These brave men and women awake each day uncertain of what dangers await. Yet they carry on, strength-ened by their resolve to protect and serve. Po-lice officers, be they big city beat cops or small town sheriffs, help preserve our way of life and are the shields that guard us from those lost souls who wish harm to others. 
Some people live an entire lifetime and 
wonder if they have made a difference in the world; Chief Gary Smith doesn’t have that problem. I salute his extraordinary career and join the grateful citizens of Temple, TX in wishing him only the best in the years ahead. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 135TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF MAINE’S FRIEND-SHIP SLOOP 
HON. CHELLIE PINGREE 
OF MAINE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the 135th anniversary of the Friendship Sloop, a style of sailing vessel that stands as an icon of Maine’s maritime heritage. 
Friendship Sloops were developed over a 
century ago in Maine’s Muscongus Bay as fishing and lobstering boats. Their beautiful lines served an important purpose. The shape of the hull provided great stability and lobstermen could sail the boats by themselves while laying and checking their traps by hand. Many local craftsmen were known for building them, but none more than Wilbur Morse of Friendship, Maine. Morse’s shop turned out so many of the boats that they eventually be-came known by the name of his hometown. 
With the advent of modern-day engines in 
the 20th century, the Friendship Sloop fell out of favor as a fishing vessel. But it wasn’t long before its beauty and functionality made it a popular design for recreational sailboats and yachts. Its distinctive shape lives on to this day with the help of many enthusiasts who carry on its legacy. Since 1961, the Friendship Sloop Society has hosted an annual regatta and connected a community of people who sail, rebuild, and appreciate these boats. Much has changed since 1880, but life on 
the Maine coast retains many connections to those earlier days. Hard-working individuals still make their living on the water. Tight-knit communities still pull together for each other. And Friendship Sloops still gracefully ply the waters, their design largely unchanged in 135 years. Some things just cannot be improved upon. 
My appreciation goes to all those who keep 
the tradition of the Friendship Sloop alive. It gives me great pleasure to celebrate its 135th anniversary. 
f 
OMAR RODAS 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, millions of 
American teenagers walked across the stage in their cap and gown and received their di-ploma after four years of hard work. Their high school careers will officially come to an end and the next chapter will soon take off. High School Graduation is an exciting time meant for celebration with friends and family. But one Texas student did not get to cross the stage in his green cap and gown to receive his high school diploma. 
Omar Rodas from Houston, Texas was an 
18 year old student at Klein Forest High School. 
He was a tenacious student. Constantly, he 
put in the extra effort to make his dream of graduation a reality. He stayed for after school hours and worked overtime to ensure that he would graduate. He spent his extra time bus-sing tables at a local restaurant, Babins. 
At first he did not think that he would be 
able to graduate, but Omar pulled it off. He worked tirelessly for that cap and gown and to make sure he was part of the big day in June. His friends said that he was so excited that the hours of extra time and effort made his dream of graduating a reality. 
Omar was on his way to his graduation 
ceremony early Saturday morning on June 6, 2015 with his good friend, who agreed to drive him that morning to ensure that he would make it to the ceremony on time. On the Houston highway, he was suddenly killed in a violent car accident involving two other cars. Omar was already wearing his cap and gown when rescue crews pulled him out of the wreck. 
Initial reports have suggested that Omar 
was driving on the freeway around 7 a.m. when he veered out of his lane and hit the back of a dump truck and SUV then veered in front of the truck and was struck. 
Omar was pronounced dead at the scene. Friends and family at the graduation cere-
mony were surprised and confused when Omar’s name was called and he did not cross the stage. 
No one knew that a terrible highway acci-
dent took the life of the bright student. 
A candle vigil was held for Omar on June 
7th at Klein Forest High School and student, parents, and friends are helping the family by setting up a GoFund account in order to help them raise money for the funeral so that the family may grieve properly without the worry of money. Many who attended the vigil wore 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25JN8.013 E25JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E983 June 25, 2015 
Red, Omar’s favorite color, and many of the 
Class of 2015 students wore their graduation caps in honor of him. 
Omar is survived by his parents, an older 
sister who previously graduated from Klein Forest High School and a younger brother. He had plans to continue working and hopefully attend Lone Star College after graduation. 
Even though Omar did not get to hear his 
name called and physically walk the stage to take his diploma, the community has not stopped cheering for him. 
Omar’s memory will live on through his fam-
ily, friends and classmates in Houston. He will always be a great example of how no matter the circumstances, hard work will always pay 
off. 
Our prayers are with the Rodas family and 
all of Omar’s friends. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NEW DEVELOP-
MENTS AND IMPROVEMENTS TO THE HISTORIC DOWNTOWN SQUARE AND PIONEER PARK 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the recent improvements made to the Historic Downtown Square and Pioneer Park of Carrollton, Texas. Downtown Carrollton has been an iconic part of northern Texas since the early 1800’s. 
These improvements will give people im-
proved space and new scenery to visit and enjoy leisurely time with friends and family. It is important to keep our parks and recreational areas updated to continue and expand their vital role in the community. These renovations will reinvigorate the Historic Downtown Square as well as Pioneer Park and make them allur-ing destinations for years to come. 
There will be a ribbon cutting ceremony on 
June 27th to officially unveil the new changes. City officials and local leaders will be in at-tendance to speak about the hard work and effort put into the new developments. I encour-age everyone to attend and show support for the time and dedication put into this project. I’m thankful for the people of the 24th district of Texas who strive to make our home a more habitable and enjoyable place. 
At the unveiling will be a concert featuring 
local artists as well as an outdoor movie with the director’s wife present to introduce the film. It is this strong sense of community that will serve the people of Carrollton and every-one who visits the historic downtown. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a pleasure to recognize 
the ever improved Historic Downtown Square and Pioneer Park. I ask all of my distinguished colleagues to join me in celebrating such an accomplishment. 
f 
IN HONOR OF MR. FRANKLIN 
DOUGLASS 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to pay tribute to an outstanding commu-nity leader, devoted public servant, and loving 
husband, father, grandfather, and friend, Mr. Franklin Douglass. A funeral service to cele-brate Frank’s life will be held on Tuesday, June 30, 2015 at 11:00 a.m. at Fourth Street Missionary Baptist Church in Columbus, Geor-gia, where he had served as a deacon. 
Franklin Douglass was born in Belle Mona, 
Alabama on July 20, 1936, the third oldest of ten brothers and four sisters. The family made a living by tenant farming in rural Limestone County, Alabama. He enrolled in Tuskegee In-stitute, joined ROTC, and graduated with a bachelor’s degree in Physical Education, Health, and Recreation in 1956. Over the next 30 years, his pursuit of personal growth earned him graduate degrees in Personnel Management and Education Supervision and Administration. His passion for education was infectious, and as an educator Frank inspired thousands of students to seek knowledge and growth. 
Frank served our nation honorably as an of-
ficer in the United States Army from 1959 until 1964, when he was honorably discharged. He then accepted his first teaching post at Mar-shall Junior High School. After only a year of teaching, Frank was appointed acting principal of Marshall Junior High before becoming a Media Specialist for the Muscogee County School District. His career as an educator in the Columbus area took Frank to several schools and classrooms before his appoint-ment as principal of William H. Spencer High School at the age of 40 in 1976. After a dozen years of serving as principal, Frank became Director of Muscogee County Student Serv-ices in 1988, a post he held until his retire-ment in 1990. 
Frank’s passion for improving the conditions 
of those in the Columbus area extended be-yond the classroom. As Commissioner and Vice Chairman of the Columbus Housing Au-thority, Frank fought for three decades to keep living conditions affordable for everyone in his community. An active member of Kiwanis Club, Social-Civic 25 Club, 837 Club, Phi Delta Kappa, and Omega Psi Phi, Frank uti-lized his smile and amiable humor to advance the interests of Columbus natives. Additionally, as a member of the Georgia Association of Educational Leaders and the Chamber of Commerce Education Committee, Frank built ties with educational leaders around the state of Georgia and the southeastern United States. 
Mr. Speaker, one of the things that I will al-
ways remember about Franklin Douglass is his steadfast commitment to his family, as well as his community. As father to Franklin Karl Douglass and grandfather to Temple Doug-lass, he was an inspiration to extended family and countless friends. Moreover, as a hus-band, there was no limit to his love of his won-derful wife of nearly 55 years, Merrian. 
A dear friend to me for more than thirty 
years, Frank was soft spoken, quiet, and thoughtful. He was one of the cooler heads in dealing with community issues and problems. His demeanor and intuitiveness helped him get things done. We are so blessed that Frank passed this way and did so much for so many for so long. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
and my wife, Vivian, in paying tribute to Frank-lin Douglass for his servant leadership and his deep commitment to his family, his commu-nity, and his country. We extend our deepest sympathies to the Douglass family and friends 
during this very difficult time. May they be con-soled and comforted by their abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks and months ahead. 
f 
HONORING DEVON DOWLER OF 
THE OWENSVILLE DUTCHMEN 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Devon Dowler of the Owensville Dutchmen for his first place win in the 3200 Meter Hurdles at the 2015 Class 3 Track and Field State Championship. 
Devon and his coach should be com-
mended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing Devon 
Dowler of the Owensville Dutchmen for a job well done. 
f 
H.R. 2898—WESTERN WATER AND 
FOOD SECURITY ACT OF 2015 
HON. DOUG LaMALFA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, today, the Cali-
fornia Republican Delegation again took action to address our state’s water supply crisis, in-troducing balanced legislation improving water access for Californians around the state by using improved science to time water deliv-eries, preserve water rights and move forward on new surface storage facilities. 
The bill protects the most fundamental water 
rights of all, area of origin rights, ensuring that Northern Californians who live where our state’s water supply originates have access to it. 
It uses modern science to improve the tim-
ing of water deliveries, allowing the storage of more water during winter storms which makes it available for dry periods like now. 
It addresses invasive species that are nega-
tively impacting salmon populations, and al-lows local water districts to undertake their own habitat improvement projects. 
Finally, California’s voters have spoken 
clearly in support of investment in new surface storage projects, and this measure fulfills that promise by advancing projects that would gen-erate over one million acre-feet of water, enough for eight million Californians. 
We’ll continue to refine this proposal as it 
moves through the process, but I am proud to cosponsor a bill that addresses both short- and long-term needs of all Californians and support continued economic growth. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PAIGE SEISER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Paige 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25JN8.016 E25JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E984 June 25, 2015 
Seiser from Waukee High School for winning 
the Class 2A Co-ed Golf Doubles title along with her partner, Parker Howe. I would like to also recognize Paige Seiser for taking home the Class 5A Girls Golf individual title. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by these stu-
dents demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication, and perseverance. I am honored to represent them and their families in the United States Congress. I know all of my colleagues in the House join me in congratulating Paige and Parker on competing in this rigorous com-petition and wishing continued success in their education and high school golf career. 
f 
HONORING THE VIRGINIA SOCIETY 
OF THE SONS OF THE AMERICAN REVOLUTION 
HON. H. MORGAN GRIFFITH 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I submit these 
remarks today in honor of the Virginia Society of the Sons of the American Revolution, which will be celebrating its 125th anniversary on July 7. 
Sadly, too often it seems as if lessons from 
history are overlooked or forgotten. But in Vir-ginia, we are proud of our history, of our love of freedom, and of our dedication to independ-ence. I commend the important efforts of the Virginia Society of the Sons of the American Revolution to keep in our hearts and minds American patriotism and the memory of our Revolutionary War heritage. 
As a student of history myself, I could spend 
hours discussing not only the various events preceding and succeeding our nation’s fight for independence, but also the crucial role by Virginians. Countless patriots, battles, and events from this pivotal period in our nation’s history ought to be commemorated and re-membered, battles including but not limited to the Battle of Point Pleasant, which is credited as being the first battle of the American Revo-lution by the Senate of the United States, to the Battle of Great Bridge, the Burning of Nor-folk, etc. 
May we forever remain vigilant and com-
mitted to preserving and protecting the self- evident truths and freedoms fought for and so carefully outlined in our nation’s founding doc-uments by our Founding Fathers. 
I extend to all those involved with the Vir-
ginia Society of the Sons of the American Revolution my best wishes on the occasion of its 125th anniversary, and look forward to this organization’s continued success. 
f 
BIOGRAPHY OF MARY BROOM- 
THOMAS 
HON. MAXINE WATERS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I submit the biography of Mary Broom-Thomas, a wife, mother and woman of faith who lived to the ripe age of 101 years and who will be missed by many who loved her. Mrs. Mary Broom-Thomas was born on 
January 22, 1914 in Lexington, Mississippi to Alberta Garnett-Broom and Cleveland Broom. She graduated from Saints Industrial High School in Lexington, Mississippi and taught there for 2 years. 
Mary married Leroy Thomas, Sr. in 1937 
and the couple moved to Jackson, Mis-sissippi, where they built a home. They had four children, McKinley, Abraham, Earnestine, and Leroy, Jr. 
After Leroy finished military duty in the 
South Pacific, Mary and Leroy moved the family to Compton, California in 1955. Mary practiced her vocation as a seamstress, mak-
ing her own patterns and designing clothes, including garments for her children and some specialty sales for friends and family. After the children graduated from Centen-nial and Locke High Schools and were off to college and building careers, Mary took a job at Newberry’s Department Store in down-town Los Angeles. She continued sewing clothing, but later added making handbags and light upholstery to her sewing skills portfolio. 
Mrs. Thomas was a member of First A.M.E. 
Church where Reverend Dr. Cecil Murray was Pastor. They continued to visit at fam-ily gatherings after his retirement and by then she became less mobile. 
Up until seven years ago, Mrs. Thomas al-
ways had an organic garden. She grew an array of vegetables and fruits. She and her family were healthier for it . . . she lived a great 101 years. 
She raised her children to embrace the 
Golden Rule, ‘‘Do unto others as you would have them do unto you.’’ She lived the exam-ple. She taught the core values of honesty, respect, humility, courage and the necessity of sometimes standing alone as long as you stand for the right thing. 
She championed education. Some of her 
most favorite people: The Honorable Maxine Waters, Congresswoman; the Honorable Barack Obama—she was glad to see the first African-American become President of the United States; the late former Mayor Tom Bradley; Malcom X; Dr. Martin Luther King; Mrs. Rosa Parks; Reverend Dr. Cecil L. Chip Murray; Kobe Bryant; and Shaquille O’Neil as she was an avid Laker fan. She attended a personal reception with the team along with her grandson, Demetrius Wilson. 
She has been honored with a published 
song entitled ‘‘Mary,’’ composed, scored and written by her grandson, Endele (Sky) Wil-son; and she has been given a tribute by her grandson, Demetrius (Red) Wilson, via a per-sonalized brick on the residential mall at Xavier University, his alma mater, in Cin-cinnati, Ohio. 
One would often hear her quoting from an 
old spiritual, ‘‘needless pain we bear . . . all because we do not carry everything to God in prayer.’’ 
Just a little about a Queen, who never had 
to declare herself a queen . . . she just was. 
f 
CONGRATULATING PENNY 
BUSINGA 
HON. ADRIAN SMITH 
OF NEBRASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate Penny Businga of Gering, Nebraska, on her retirement this month and to honor her 29 years of dedicated service at Educational Service Unit #13 in Scottsbluff. 
Before becoming a trailblazer for profes-
sional development, Ms. Businga taught in western Nebraska public schools. She then 
decided to take her classroom expertise to the next level to assist other educators across the Nebraska Panhandle and beyond. 
Ms. Businga devoted her career to ensuring 
Nebraska teachers have the innovative train-ing and support they need to instill a love of learning in their students. When I worked for her, I personally witnessed Ms. Businga’s hard work and dedication to ensuring educational opportunity for young people. 
On behalf of the people of Nebraska’s Third 
District, I thank Ms. Businga for her impact on Nebraska education and congratulate her on the start of this new chapter in her life. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE DAMAGING IM-
PACT OF SHELBY COUNTY V. HOLDER 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today on the 2nd anniver-sary of the Shelby County v. Holder Supreme Court ruling. By declaring Section 4 of the Vot-ing Rights Act unconstitutional, the Supreme Court dismantled a key provision to this pivotal voting rights protection. The importance of the Voting Rights Act to our American democracy cannot be overstated. This damaging prece-dent, set by the nation’s highest Court has weakened a piece of legislation that was fun-damental to the advancement of the American democracy. 
On June 25, 2013, when the Supreme Court 
decided that states with a history of discrimi-nation against minority voters no longer need-ed clearance from the federal government to set new voting restrictions, it established a pathway for modern day discriminatory prac-tices. Under this ruling, states across the Deep South, where vestiges of discrimination are still present, were able to enact stricter voting requirements for the first time since 1965. 
Many of these states, including my home 
state of Texas, are governed by Republican- led state legislatures that insist on the neces-sity of voter ID laws to protect the integrity of elections. However, Mr. Speaker, it is quite clear that these laws, which disproportionately affect African-Americans, Hispanics and poor people, are a political ploy to suppress voter turnout. This runs counter to the Constitutional right to vote, which is the cornerstone of our democracy. 
Recently, as a result of the Shelby County 
v. Holder ruling, Texas implemented restrictive voter ID laws that prohibit voting autonomy for many underserved minorities across the state. During the 2014 election, instead of being granted the opportunity to cast their vote of choice, many voters were turned away on the basis of technicalities. 
Mr. Speaker, I cannot fathom how these ac-
tions would be permissible among any group of lawmakers. Today, I stand before you to call attention to this fact. The Voting Rights Act of 1965 was implemented to ensure that all Americans have the ability to exercise their right to vote. This body should act in a bi-par-tisan fashion to ensure that this right is fully restored. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN8.020 E25JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E985 June 25, 2015 
HONORING BRIANNA HALLER OF 
THE FATIMA COMETS 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Brianna Haller of the Fatima Com-ets for her first place win in 3200 Meter Run at the 2015 Class 3 Track and Field State Championship. 
Brianna and her coach should be com-
mended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing Brianna 
Haller of the Fatima Comets for a job well done. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I was de-
tained with business in my district and missed the following votes. Had I been present, I would have voted: 
‘‘No’’ on roll call no. 379, on ordering the 
previous question on H. Res. 33, Providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2822) making appropriations for the Department of the Inte-rior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016 and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2042) Ratepayer Protection Act; and, 
‘‘No’’ on roll call no. 380, On Agreeing to the 
Resolution, H. Res. 333, Providing for consid-eration of the bill (H.R. 2822) making appro-priations for the Department of the Interior, en-vironment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016 and pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2042) Ratepayer Protection Act. 
f 
THANKING FATHER ALAN HUNTER 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to thank Father Alan Hunter for his years of service in the St. Mary’s parish in my hometown of Taylorville, Illinois. 
Having served 13 years in Taylorville and 
22 years in Christian County, Father Hunter has captured the true essence of what it means to be a disciple of Christ. 
Alan has not only been a great leader for all 
of the parishioners at St. Mary’s, but he’s also been a close personal friend of mine as well. 
He married my wife, Shannon, and I twenty 
years ago and has helped educate all three of my children through grade school at St. Mary’s. 
I’ve been fortunate enough to work with Fa-
ther Hunter as a volunteer athletic director and serve on his finance advisory committee. 
He will be greatly missed at St. Mary’s, but 
I know our loss is St. Jerome’s gain and I wish him the best in his new parish. I also welcome 
Father David Lantz as he makes Taylorville his new home. 
Father Hunter, thank you for the many years 
of spiritual guidance and leadership you’ve provided, not just my family and the parish-ioners at St. Mary’s, but to the entire Taylorville community. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. STEVE RUSSELL 
OF OKLAHOMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 
378 I was absent due to travel for personal reasons and in connection with my official du-ties. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ANDRE´CARSON 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, on 
June 24, 2015 I mistakenly voted ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall 384, the Ratepayer Protection Act of 2015. I strongly oppose the bill and intended to vote ‘‘no’’. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE ACCOMPLISH-
MENTS OF AN OUTSTANDIING NEW HAMPSHIRE GRADUATE 
HON. FRANK C. GUINTA 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Meaghan Six, an outstanding recent graduate of Manchester Memorial High School, located in New Hampshire’s First Con-gressional District and a future graduate of Daniel Webster College in Nashua, New Hampshire. 
As a dedicated student and an active indi-
vidual, Meaghan Six quickly distinguished her-self as an influential leader amongst her peers. Meaghan was the captain of her high school volleyball team, as well as being named as an alternate to the Women’s Jr. Na-tional A1 Working team, placing her in the top 100 volleyball players nationwide for her age group. She was also a competitor on the spring track and field team and nominated for the female in spring sports award. She was awarded the single Crusader award for her graduating class. Meaghan’s talents do not only set her apart athletically, but also in the classroom. Along with completing 28 consecu-tive quarters on both the Honor Roll and High Honors she was inducted into the National Honor Society; which recognizes students for their exemplary character, commitment to scholarship, and, their dedication to service outreach in their community. 
This coming fall Meaghan will continue her 
impressive career as a notable student-athlete at Daniel Webster College on their women’s volleyball team; she serves as an inspiration 
to all young people in New Hampshire and throughout the nation. She is proof that hard work and dedication can certainly pay off. I am proud to recognize her accomplishments and look forward to witnessing her future suc-cesses. 
Congratulations to Meaghan Six for all of 
her achievements. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MAUREEN VIOLA 
PERCIVAL WILLIAMS 
HON. CORRINE BROWN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on be-
half of the constituents of the Fifth Congres-sional District of Florida and myself, I rise to offer a tribute to the life and accomplishments of a great American, Maureen Viola Percival Williams, who has, and continues to act as a mentor, devout Christian and loving mother. On July 1, 2015, Maureen will celebrate her 71st birthday. We exalt Mrs. Maureen Viola Percival Williams first for the determination and perseverance that she has exhibited throughout her life. Maureen has been no stranger to hard work. At an early age the im-portance of hard work and dedication were in-troduced to Maureen on her father’s agricul-tural farms in the mountains of Molyneux in St. Kitts West Indies. Arriving at the farm at 5:00 a.m., Maureen would weed the land and feed the livestock before school each day. These displays of commitment were not reserved solely for the weekdays. Mrs. Maureen Viola Percival Williams would spend Saturdays by her mother’s side assisting in the selling of produce at the local market. Few would be able to handle the manual labor of Maureen’s day-to-day activities, let alone balancing aca-demics alongside of it. Mrs. Percival Williams’ rigorous work schedule did not deter her from successfully completing Primary School and obtaining her certificate, which is equivalent to a high school diploma. Maureen Viola Percival was then enrolled in typing classes at the Catholic Church of Molyneux, where she com-pleted a one year program. After marrying Ralph J. A. Williams in 1964, the family moved to the U.S. Virgin Islands where her life as a public servant and model citizen continued. She became the first member of her family to have children born as citizens of the United States after giving birth to her seven children: (Vallyn J. A. Williams, Artlyn K. J. Williams, Ralph J. A. Williams, Jr., M. Louisa Williams, Barbara N. Williams, Maural F. Williams and Jayar D. Williams). In spite of challenges faced balancing motherhood and her career, Maureen continued to dedicate her life to the church and bettering the lives of others. 
Volunteering as a member of the AFM— 
Cottage Meeting Group, Maureen also spent time as a phone intercessor for the sick and disabled. This sort of selflessness is primarily the reason for which I deem this tribute nec-essary. Unfortunately, life often proves to not be as fair and just as Mrs. Maureen Percival Williams. 
In 1987 her husband and two daughters 
were involved in an automobile accident which rendered them incapacitated. Yet, amidst Maureen Williams’ personal struggles, she 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25JN8.019 E25JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E986 June 25, 2015 
persevered. Determined to become a citizen 
of the United States, on July 1, 1998 she ful-filled the requirements for naturalization and received her Certification of Naturalization. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to offer tribute to Mrs. 
Percival Williams because she represents a group of citizens that are more deserving of recognition than any other. Men and women like Mrs. Percival Williams are what silently hold this nation together. Those who struggle and persevere and those who give back are exactly what this country needs. Mr. Speaker, Mrs. Percival Williams acts as a representative for all of these groups. Simply put, Mrs Wil-liams is a model citizen. 
In 1999, Maureen once again displayed her 
caring nature when she rushed to the aid of her son in Orlando, Florida who had recently experienced an aneurism. These extenuating circumstances are what brought Mrs. Maureen Percival Williams to my district. Her love and care brought her to our country and the values of perseverance and determination instilled to her on her father’s farm in the West Indies have aided her in face of recent struggles. Mrs. Percival Williams has endured the loss of family members, and overcome her own near death medical challenges and yet, she per-severes. 
Though Maureen is celebrated for her per-
sistence and determination, the title that suits her best is that of which she is most proud; caregiver. Mrs. Percival Williams holds her re-lationship with her children with the utmost re-gard, and prides herself on being a mother not only to her own but for the children of others. The lives of those directly and indirectly af-fected by the actions and care of Maureen Viola Percival Williams are undoubtedly better. Today we pay tribute to a woman of God. Today we recognize Mrs. Maureen Viola Per-cival Williams, a humanitarian, a woman, a wife, a mother, and a citizen of the United States of America. Simply put, Mr. Speaker, we are here to pay tribute to a hero. 
f 
SUPPORT OF THE ‘‘PRIVILEGED’’ 
RESOLUTION CALLED BY REP. BENNIE THOMPSON (MS) TO RE-MOVE ALL SYMBOLS BEARING THE CONFEDERATE FLAG FROM THE HALLS OF THE HOUSE WING OF THE UNITED STATES CAP-ITOL 
HON. YVETTE D. CLARKE 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today with my brothers and sisters of the Congressional Black Caucus, to stand in sup-port of the ‘‘privileged’’ resolution called by Rep. B
ENNIE THOMPSON to remove the Con-
federate Flag where ever it may be rep-resented within the House wing of the U.S. Capitol. 
It is with great remorse that what took place 
on June 17, 2015 at the Emanuel AME bible study in Charleston, S.C. that claimed the lives of Sharonda Coleman-Singleton, Cynthia Hurd, Tywanza Sanders, Myra Thompson, Ethel Lance, Daniel Simmons, Depayne Mid-dleton-Doctor, Susie Jackson, and South Carolina State Senator Rev. Clementa Pinck-
ney had to be the catalyst to drive this motion after 150 years when this symbol was first sur-rendered. 
For many Americans, this symbol has stood 
as a symbol of heritage under which their fam-ily has dug deep roots into our country. 
But, this symbol was created in a time 
where our nation struggled to understand the very words written in our own Declaration of Independence, ‘‘We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of Happi-ness.’’ 
Furthermore, troubled individuals and 
groups have taken to the symbol of the Con-federate flag as an icon to portray their racist expression and actions against all groups whether in regards to their gender, sexuality, or race. 
Much like the creation and defamation of 
the swastika in Europe, this symbol of hatred must not be a symbol in our present, but a symbol in our past. 
I urge my colleagues in the House Adminis-
tration to act in due diligence to bring this issue back to the House Floor for consider-ation so that we may do our duty as elected Representatives and respond to the voices of this great nation. 
f 
HONORING ALLISON HINSON OF 
THE ST. CLAIR BULLDOGS 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Allison Hinson of the St. Clair Bull-dogs for her first place win in Shot Put at the 2015 Class 4 Track and Field State Cham-pionship. 
Allison and her coach should be com-
mended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing Allison 
Hinson of the St. Clair Bulldogs for a job well done. 
f 
THE TIME TO REAUTHORIZE THE 
LAND AND WATER CONSERVA-TION FUND IS NOW 
HON. DAVID E. PRICE 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, 
last year, I spoke in celebration of the 50th an-niversary of the Land and Water Conservation Fund (LWCF). There are now less than 100 days until the expiration of the program, and I rise today to urge timely reauthorization of this critical conservation program. 
LWCF, which is paid for entirely by royalties 
collected from oil and gas companies, has fi-nanced generations of projects, bringing parks 
and open spaces to the hearts of our urban areas and protecting our natural lands, out-door recreation opportunities, and working for-ests at the local, state and federal levels. Since its creation, the LWCF program has conserved more than 5 million acres of parks, recreation, forests, and other lands through the federal program and more than 2.6 million acres in communities throughout every state in the nation. 
My home state of North Carolina has re-
ceived more than $200 million in LWCF fund-ing over the past five decades, which has helped protect some of our state’s most treas-ured places, such as the Cape Hatteras Na-tional Seashore and the Great Dismal Swamp National Wildlife Refuge. LWCF funds have also helped conserve land to preserve viewsheds along the Blue Ridge Parkway and the Appalachian Trail. I was particularly pleased that one such project included the Rocky Fork tract in the Cherokee National 
Forest in my native state of Tennessee. 
But LWCF does more than simply add to 
our public lands. Investing in LWCF is also an important way to grow our economy. In North Carolina alone, active outdoor recreation con-tributes more than $7.5 billion annually to the state’s economy, supports 95,000 jobs, gen-erates $430 million in annual state tax rev-enue and produces $6.1 billion annually in re-tail sales and services. Overall, outdoor recre-ation contributes more than $1.06 trillion annu-ally to the U.S. economy. Every $1 invested in LWCF has been found to yield $4 in economic value. Without LWCF funding to stimulate matching investments from state, local and pri-vate entities, this crucial economic engine will be lost. 
These numbers prove the program’s suc-
cess, but I would note that the program is also extremely popular. In recent polls, more than 80% of voters expressed support for con-tinuing to deposit fees from offshore oil and gas drilling into LWCF—this broad support ex-tends from every geographic region of the country and every political persuasion. Sup-porters include governors, mayors, sportsmen, industry leaders, conservationists, Civil War enthusiasts, historians, recreationists, small businesses, forest owners, and the many Americans who see firsthand the tangible ben-efits this program has had on their commu-nities and families. I know many of my col-leagues represent states and communities that have benefitted greatly from LWCF funds. 
Although LWCF has a dedicated revenue 
stream from offshore drilling royalties and takes no taxpayer money from the general fund, large portions of this funding have been diverted over the years to non-conservation purposes. Even at last year’s appropriated level of $306 million, we were a far cry from the $900 million that is annually authorized for conservation work. 
I am proud to be a cosponsor of the bipar-
tisan legislation, H.R. 1814, that would perma-nently reauthorize LWCF. I strongly believe Congress should uphold its decades long commitment to land and water conservation and reinvigorate LWCF, thereby expanding opportunities for all Americans to have access to parks and natural areas for outdoor recre-ation. With the expiration coming in Sep-tember 2015, the time to reauthorize Land and Water Conservation Fund is now. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN8.030 E25JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E987 June 25, 2015 
STAFF SERGEANT HEREFORD 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and honor Staff Sergeant Keith Hereford, United States Army for his service to our country. 
Staff Sergeant Hereford served in the 
United States Army and Army Air Corps from November 1943 to November 1945. During his service as B–17 aerial gunner, he served a year of duty with 1st Division, 8th Air Force, 305th Bomb Group, and 365th Bomb Squad-ron in Chelveston, England. 
During Staff Sergeant Hereford’s ninth mis-
sion his aircraft was shot down over Holland where he was captured after successfully parachuting to the ground. He was subse-quently sent to the German Prisoner of War camp, Stalag Luft 4, in Gross Tychow (Prus-sia). The camp was liberated by the British forces on May 2, 1945, and in November 1945, he separated from active duty. 
Staff Sergeant Hereford’s awards and deco-
rations include the Air Medal, the Purple Heart Medal, the Prisoner of War Medal, the Amer-ican Campaign Medal, the European-African- Middle Eastern Campaign Medal with 3 Bronze Service Stars, and the World War II Victory Medal. After his service, Staff Sergeant Hereford started his own plumbing company and successfully raised his four daughters as a single parent after his wife passed away in 1962. 
Through his courageous service, Staff Ser-
geant Hereford charted the path for future generations to serve in the military. I extend my deepest appreciation to Staff Sergeant Hereford for his dedication, integrity and out-standing service to the United States of Amer-ica. 
f 
HONORING DEBBIE FRAZIER 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to congratulate Debbie Frazier on winning the Michael Brown Memorial Faces of the Community Award. Ms. Frazier is an out-standing member of our community, and I am proud to represent her in Florida’s 22nd Dis-trict. 
This distinguished award recognizes com-
munity members who have dedicated them-selves to grassroots organizations that pro-mote LGBT pride, diversity, and awareness. Debbie is a prolific advocate and leader, and her long list of credentials illustrates her pas-sion for public service and promoting LGBT equality. 
In 2010, Ms. Frazier founded the Straight 
and Gay Alliance in Wellington, Florida. Debbie also led a county-wide effort to ‘Get Out the Vote,’ which included a social media photo campaign. Currently, she serves as the President of the Alliance for Social Justice, a grassroots outreach program designed to em-power young adults to become the leaders of tomorrow. When she is not doing community outreach, she works as the executive regional 
director of the GLBT Democratic Caucus. 
In honor of her award, I am proud to recog-
nize Debbie Frazier and thank her for her tire-less advocacy and work for our community. 
f 
REMEMBERING EMANUEL AME 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-
er, last week, nine extraordinary men and women were killed at the Wednesday night Bible study at historic Mother Emanuel AME Church in my birthplace of Charleston. I am grateful for their memories. 
Reverend Sharonda Coleman-Singleton, 
Cynthia Hurd, Tywanza Sanders, Susie Jack-son, Myra Thompson, Ethel Lee Lance, Rev-erend Daniel Simmons, Reverend Depayne Middleton-Doctor, along with Pastor Clementa Pinckney were all leaders of our community and in their church. One served the youth as a high school track coach, one a lifelong li-brarian, one a recent college graduate with a bright future ahead of him. Many served their church. Each had a clear love of God and love for their fellow man as followers of Jesus Christ. 
The loss of Reverend Senator Clementa 
Pinckney has been personal, as he was a fel-low State legislator. I was honored to host the senator, his wife, Jennifer, and their daugh-ters, Eliana and Malana, when they visited the Capitol a few years ago. He grew up in Ridgeland as a lifelong friend of my former chief of staff Eric Dell. 
A hate-filled, drug-crazed murderer tried to 
divide our citizens, but he failed, and South Carolinians have unified in love, prayer, and respect. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,152,648,277,344.06. We’ve 
added $7,525,771,228,430.98 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
JUNE AS ALZHEIMER’S AND BRAIN 
AWARENESS MONTH 
HON. CARLOS CURBELO 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize the month of June as Alzheimer’s and Brain Awareness month. Cur-rently, 5.3 million Americans have Alzheimer’s 
and it is projected that the number will in-crease to a staggering 16 million by 2050. In my home state of Florida, an estimated 480,000 people are living with the debilitating disease. 
Alzheimer’s is devastating for patients and 
their families and is the sixth leading cause of 
death in the United States. Early this year, I had the opportunity to speak with a represent-ative from the Southeast Florida Chapter of the Alzheimer’s Association about priorities re-lated to research and care planning. I want to give a special thanks to the local chapter I am honored to represent in Miami Dade and Mon-roe Counties for providing patient services like a 24 hour dementia specific helpline. 
Today, Alzheimer’s cannot be prevented, 
cured, or slowed, but there are many things we can do as lawmakers to support patients and their families. I look forward to working with my colleagues to help move towards eradicating this terrible disease. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 125TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE ESSEX TROOP 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor The Essex Troop for their dedi-cated service as they celebrate their 125th An-niversary. 
The Essex Troop was established at a 
meeting on June 3, 1890, with the goal of cre-ating a cavalry troop. For one hundred and twenty-five years the troop has been working hard to serve the military needs of the State of New Jersey and the United States of Amer-ica. 
At the founding meeting, officers were elect-
ed to lead the newly established troop. Colo-nel James E. Fleming, Second Lieutenant R. Wayne Parker, First Sergeant Charles Heath, Quartermaster Sergeant Frederick B Young, and First Lieutenant Frederick Frelinghuysen were elected. The troop was originally com-posed of forty members including the officers. Colonel Fleming immediately began training the troops to protect and defend the state and the nation. 
Originally, the Essex Troop operated out of 
a privately owned armory. By 1903, however, the Troop outgrew this facility. It was then the Troop moved into its current location. The Ar-mory, which was designed by a member of the Essex Troop, sits on 30 acres of land in West Orange and was furnished entirely by the Troopers themselves. It was here that they became renowned for their equestrian abilities, regularly hosting horse shows and polo matches that eventually gained national atten-tion. The Troop also hosted a number of balls here over the years. This Armory is still in use today, and is where the members of the Essex Troop keep their traditions alive. 
The Essex troop has responded to several 
riots and natural disasters that have occurred in New Jersey as well as other states through-out the nation. They have participated in many events and ceremonies, including parades, es-cort services, marches, and statue dedica-tions. 
On June 18, 1902 the troop reported for ac-
tive duty in response to the textile strikes in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25JN8.022 E25JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E988 June 25, 2015 
Paterson, New Jersey. The strikes had gotten 
out of hand and the troop patrolled for ten days, walking the streets during the evening to ensure law and order. During World War I, the troop was called into duty to serve our nation. They have also had the responsibility for guarding the Mexican border. 
The troop served as the personal escort for 
President William McKinley’s Vice President, Garret A. Hobart of Paterson, New Jersey. They were also charged with transferring President Ulysses Grant’s tomb to New York City. The troop served as the honor guard and escort for Presidents Theodore Roosevelt, Wil-liam Taft, and Woodrow Wilson. At the inau-guration ceremony for each Governor of New Jersey, the Essex Troop serves as part of the honor guard. 
Mr. Speaker please join me in honoring the 
Essex Troop and its members for their one hundred and twenty-five years of service and dedication to the State of New Jersey and the United States of America. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LORETTA SANCHEZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I missed recorded votes on H.R. 1190 (Roll Call #376), H.R. 805 (Roll Call #377), and H.R. 2576 (Roll Call #378) on June 23, 2015 due to inclement weather. 
If I had been present, I would have voted 
NAY on H.R. 1190, and YEA on H.R. 805 and H.R. 2576. 
f 
THE 70TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
SIGNING OF THE U.N. CHARTER 
HON. NANCY PELOSI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
join in celebrating the 70th anniversary of the signing of the United Nations Charter and the establishment of one of the world’s greatest organizations for peace and the advancement of humanity. 
As the representative from San Francisco, 
this anniversary holds a particular pride for the people of my city and for me—for it was San Francisco that played host to the grand con-ference of delegates that wrote the U.N. Char-ter; and it was in the San Francisco War Me-morial and Performing Arts Center, on June 26, 1945, that the Charter was signed. 
On that day, President Harry S Truman 
came to the Plenary to offer his congratula-tions and his hopes for the future of the new United Nations: ‘‘You have created a great in-strument for peace and security and human progress in the world,’’ President Truman said. ‘‘The world must now use it.’’ 
Seven decades later, 193 member states 
have ratified the Charter. The world’s greatest leaders and thinkers have been among the United Nations representatives. In 1946, United Nations General Assembly Delegate and Former First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt helped draft the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which builds on President 
Franklin D. Roosevelt’s commitment to ‘‘free-dom of speech, freedom of religion, freedom from fear, and freedom from want’’ for all peo-ple. 
The United Nations has worked to end dis-
ease, hunger and poverty. It has sought to ad-vance human rights, human dignity, and the opportunities of women and girls. It has fo-cused the world’s attention on the urgency of the climate crisis and the plight of refugees. It has stood against violence, terrorism and weapons of mass destruction. It has been a great bulwark for global peace. 
The U.N. continues to confront the chal-
lenges of the 21st century by striving to not only meet the Millennium Development Goals but to expand them with the Sustainable De-velopment Goals to be finalized this fall. It is my firm hope that the United States will be a strong and active participant in the effort to re-alize the Sustainable Development Goals to achieve progress for all the peoples of the United Nations. 
In striving to fulfill the ideals and promise of 
its charter, the United Nations, related agen-cies, programs and staff have been awarded the Nobel Peace Prize eleven times. 
In 1950, Ralph Bunche, an American, be-
came the first person affiliated with the new organization to be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize. In his acceptance speech, he remarked, ‘‘I am but one of many cogs in the United Na-tions, the greatest peace organization ever dedicated to the salvation of mankind’s future on earth.’’ 
This weekend, the city of San Francisco will 
once again welcome the U.N.’s highly re-spected Secretary-General, Ban Ki-moon, and other representatives of the United Nations. Our mayor Ed Lee and the people of San Francisco are thrilled and proud to once more play host to another milestone of U.N. history in our beautiful city. 
Under the vital leadership of Secretary-Gen-
eral Ban Ki-moon, the United Nations remains a strong, resolute, unwavering voice for peace in a world burdened by war. May it continue to stand as a beacon of peace for the next 70 years and beyond. 
f 
H.R. 160 
HON. DAVID E. PRICE 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, 
I voted against H.R. 160, not because I be-lieve that the current tax on the device indus-try is perfect, but because I object to the Ma-jority’s fixation on passing permanent tax re-peals without offsets. 
As the representative from a part of our 
country that is known around the world for its research and innovation, I fully understand the importance of the device industry to the health and wellness of Americans, economic devel-opment, and our global competitiveness. Med-ical devices have the potential to save and im-prove the lives of Americans, and the compa-nies that produce them are helping our econ-omy recover by investing in new technology and providing high-paying, high-skilled jobs here in the United States. 
Like other industries, device companies un-
derstand that the skyrocketing cost of health care represents one of the greatest threats to 
families, small business owners, state and fed-eral budgets, and the overall economy. In part, Congress enacted the Affordable Care Act to help reverse this trend, and AdvaMed, the trade association representing medical device manufacturers, has supported policies to ex-pand access to their life-saving products. 
The final law brought the original $40 billion 
levy on device manufacturers down to a $20 billion contribution through a 2.3%, rather than 4.6%, excise tax on medical devices. How-ever, as the ten-year budget window has shift-ed, industry leaders report that they expect to pay more than originally predicted. We need to monitor this situation carefully and find a fair solution that accounts for the additional business the device industry may acquire as a result of the Affordable Care Act, while under-scoring the need to keep the industry vibrant and innovative. 
Unfortunately, that is not the discussion we 
are having today. House Republicans are bringing to the Floor a bill that would, yet again, provide for a permanent tax cut without an offset. When this bill is added to the other permanent tax cut bills brought to the Floor this year alone, they add up to more than $610 billion in tax cuts without even a penny of an offset. 
The point is not that tax reductions or ex-
penditures without offsets are never justified. Rather, they need to be part of a coherent, comprehensive budget strategy. 
This is not a debate about innovation and 
economic development as the Majority would like you to believe. This debate is about fiscal responsibility; it is about taking one tax provi-sion and making it permanent without paying for it, without regard to implications for the rest of the budget. 
At a time when the House is bringing its ap-
propriations bills to the House Floor, it is clear that reckless tax cuts like these have deci-mated our nation’s ability to make the key in-vestments a great country must make. Earlier this month, the House considered the 2016 Transportation-Housing and Urban Develop-ment appropriations bill. As the Ranking Mem-ber of the Subcommittee charged with drafting the bill, I can tell you that it, like the other ap-propriations bills this body will consider, woe-fully underinvests in our nation due to the Ma-jority’s wrong-headed refusal to adopt a com-prehensive approach to balance our budget. 
Should the House Republicans choose to 
debate and refine the Affordable Care Act’s medical device excise tax, I stand ready to work with them. Until then, I will have to con-tinue my record of voting against the unpaid- for tax cuts the Republican Majority is bringing to the Floor in the 114th Congress. 
f 
RED FOXES COMMUNITY COLLEGE 
INNOVATION CHALLENGE 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate the Red Foxes from Red Rocks Community College on placing first in the National Science Founda-tion’s Community College Innovation Chal-lenge. This program serves as an innovative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25JN8.036 E25JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E989 June 25, 2015 
way for community college students to partner 
with community industries to create pioneering STEM-based solutions for real world issues. The Community College Innovation Challenge is an important example of encouraging STEM education and research for our nation’s stu-dents and future leaders. I congratulate all of the competition’s participants for their work on a variety of important projects. 
The Red Foxes placed first in the challenge 
with their Mobile Medical Disaster Relief Unit. Made out of 3D printed parts, a motor, Radio Frequency ID (RFID) tracker and Raspberry Pi computer, this device enhances the ability for medical teams to distribute and track needed medicine when responding to disasters. With its implementation, emergency responders could respond to high-stress, time-sensitive medical situations more quickly, more safely, and more effectively. The Red Foxes identified this problem and began working as a team to develop an innovative solution leaning on the skills of each of their team members. 
I congratulate the Red Fox Team of Nathan 
Tiedt, Scotty Hall, Kaia Chapman, Keya Lea Horiuchi, and their faculty advisory Helena Martellaro for their first place finish. I applaud the Red Foxes for their dedication to this groundbreaking project and their leadership and commitment to STEM education blazing a path for our country’s future leaders and innovators. I am proud of the work Red Rocks Community College does every day and I look forward to seeing what the school and these students accomplish in the years to come. 
f 
RETIREMENT OF JIM TUDOR 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to honor my dear friend, Jim Tudor, who is retiring after 29 years of committed service to the Georgia Association of Convenience Stores. 
Jim served in the U.S. Army after grad-
uating from the University of Cincinnati in 1972. After completing his military service, Jim went on to spend nine years working for 7- Eleven before joining the Georgia Association of Convenience Stores. 
In his 29 years with the Georgia Association 
of Convenience Stores, Jim has been repeat-edly honored for his skilled and dedicated ad-vocacy. He received the Liberty Award from Brown & Williamson in 2000. Moreover, the Pigeon Committee, an organization of Georgia lobbyists, has recognized him on numerous occasions throughout his career, most notably, with the 2012 Golden Pigeon Award for his advocacy that succeeded in bringing about the passage of Sunday alcohol sales in Georgia. Jim was also recognized in James Magazine’s list of top ten lobbyists or trade organizations every year from 2012 through 2014. 
Jim’s tireless dedication goes well beyond 
his work at the Georgia Association of Con-venience Stores. He has been an active men-tor and leader at the Georgia Youth Assembly, the YMCA, and a host of other youth groups. Jim is also very active in the Covington Ro-tary. A devout Christian, Jim has served in nu-merous roles in his church and has been a model of the highest morals and values. In Jim’s career and with his family, church, 
and community, he has been the embodiment of dedication and moral character. I wish him all the best as he spends his hard-earned re-tirement with his wife Sandra, their four chil-dren, and five grandchildren. 
f 
HONORING THE CHILDREN’S 
HEALTH INITIATIVE OF NAPA COUNTY 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to honor the Children’s Health Ini-tiative of Napa County as they celebrate their tenth anniversary of service to our community. I thank the Children’s Health Initiative for their years of work connecting underserved families and children to quality healthcare services. 
Founded in 2005, the Children’s Health Ini-
tiative has worked tirelessly to help the less fortunate members of the Napa County com-munity enroll in affordable health and dental insurance plans. Since their inception, the Children’s Health Initiative has enrolled over 16,000 children and teens in subsidized health insurance programs, increasing the number of insured children in Napa County by 78.6 per-cent. 
Additionally, the Children’s Health Initiative 
works in 43 public schools across the county to educate students and parents about health insurance and coverage options. As the first non-profit organization in California to imple-ment a team of bi-lingual, bi-cultural licensed insurance agents, the Children’s Health Initia-tive has shown a true dedication to providing quality service to our community. Thanks to these outreach efforts, thousands of Napa County residents now have access to afford-able health insurance and a platform to lead healthy lives. 
Mr. Speaker, it is appropriate at this time 
that we honor and thank the Children’s Health Initiative of Napa County for their service to our community over the past ten years. The Children’s Health Initiative’s unyielding com-mitment to providing the residents of Napa County with affordable healthcare options has been essential to ensuring the overall well being of our community, and we wish them continued success in the future. 
f 
CONGRATULATING CHARLES R. 
MIDDLETON ON HIS RETIRE-MENT AS PRESIDENT OF ROO-SEVELT UNIVERSITY 
HON. MIKE QUIGLEY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Dr. Chuck Middleton, President of Roosevelt University, on his retirement from Roosevelt after 13 years of outstanding lead-ership and unwavering commitment to aca-demic excellence and student success. 
As Roosevelt University’s fifth president, Dr. 
Middleton brought relentless energy and dedi-cation to the institution, transforming the uni-versity from a part-time, adult university to one 
primarily serving traditional-age, full-time stu-dents. During his tenure, Dr. Middleton ex-panded Roosevelt’s faculty by 23%, created Roosevelt’s College of Pharmacy, revitalized Roosevelt’s intercollegiate athletic programs, and led construction of Roosevelt’s Wabash Building, a multi-purpose 32-story, vertical campus that is the second tallest university building in the United States. 
Dr. Middleton is a professor and scholar of 
modern British history. In addition to Roo-sevelt, he has held senior administrative posi-tions at the University System of Maryland, Bowling Green State University, and the Uni-versity of Colorado at Boulder. 
Dr. Middleton’s career is defined by his 
commitment to inclusiveness and diversity in education, and he has dedicated significant energy to civic and community leadership, in-cluding establishment of the national LGBTQ Presidents in Higher Education. 
Mr. Speaker, as an alumnus of Roosevelt 
University, I applaud Dr. Middleton for his in-valuable and exemplary leadership to the many students and institutions he has served. I ask that my colleagues join me in congratu-lating Dr. Middleton on an accomplished ca-reer and wishing him a well-deserved retire-ment. 
f 
HONORING THOMAS GLENDON 
STAFFORD 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor lifelong Missourian Thomas Glendon Stafford from Cape Girardeau on his 100th birthday. 
Mr. Stafford was born on June 28, 1915 in 
Zadock, Missouri. After sixth grade, Mr. Staf-ford went to work for his father who was a farmer. He lived on the family farm until he met his wife Bernice at her church in Vanduser, Missouri. He asked for her hand in marriage at the age of 19. In 1942, the couple moved to Cape Girardeau where he has made a home for 68 years and began working for Commercial Transport as a truck driver. 
On March 14, 1945, Mr. Stafford was draft-
ed into the U.S. Army during World War II. After 19 weeks of training at Fort Hood, he was sent across the Pacific to the Philippines before eventually being transferred to Tokyo, Japan. He spent a year in Tokyo at the per-sonnel office driving soldiers. Mr. Stafford was honorably discharged on May 18, 1946, and was awarded the Asiatic Pacific Theater Rib-bon, the World War II Victory Medal, and a Good Conduct Medal for his dedication and service. 
After his daughters left home, he and his 
wife lived a quiet life until Bernice passed away at the age of 91 on November 6th, 2004. He has seven grandchildren, fourteen great-grandchildren, and three great-great- grandchildren and now lives at the Missouri Veterans Home in Cape Girardeau. 
For his service to our nation, and all that he 
has accomplished over the last century, it is my pleasure to honor Mr. Stafford before the United States House of Representatives on his 100th birthday. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN8.040 E25JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E990 June 25, 2015 
IN RECOGNITION OF HAROLD 
HOLZER 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Mr. Harold Holzer who has had an extraordinary and dis-tinguished career as a communications direc-tor and historian. He is retiring after 23 years of invaluable service to the Metropolitan Mu-seum of Art, the largest and most comprehen-sive art museum in the western hemisphere. Mr. Holzer helped broaden the media visibility of the Museum both here and abroad. In addi-tion to his day job at the Museum, Mr. Holzer is widely considered one of the preeminent authorities on Abraham Lincoln and the polit-ical culture of the Civil War era. Mr. Holzer’s impact on New York’s civic and cultural life has been profound and his contributions to our understanding of the Civil War era have been incalculable. 
Mr. Holzer began his career as a reporter 
and later editor for The Manhattan Tribune, going on to become political press secretary first for Bella Abzug during her campaigns for Senate and Mayor, and then for Mario Cuomo’s Gubernatorial campaign. He served as a government speechwriter for Mayor Abra-ham Beame, leaving to become the public af-fairs director for WNET. From 1984 to 1992, he served Governor Mario Cuomo as Special Counselor to the Director of Economic Devel-opment and Executive Vice President for Pub-lic Affairs at the New York State Urban Devel-opment Corporation (NYSUDC), which was then involved in overseeing the construction of the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center. 
In 1992, Mr. Holzer became Chief Commu-
nications Officer for the Metropolitan Museum. Four years later, he was promoted to Vice President and, in 2005, he was named the Senior Vice President for Public Affairs. In this capacity, Mr. Holzer has been responsible for supervising external affairs and overseeing publicity, marketing, audience research and tourism promotion for the Museum, and has served as chief spokesman on all local, na-tional, and international issues. During his ten-ure, Mr. Holzer helped persuade government grantors to deliver unprecedented levels of funding to the Museum, which have, among other things, supported educational programs and critical improvements to the Museum’s physical plant. He also created broadcast mar-keting partnerships with radio, television and the Internet, magnifying the Museum’s out-reach. 
A prolific writer, Mr. Holzer has authored, 
coauthored, and edited over forty books on Abraham Lincoln and the Civil War. Some of his works include: Lincoln at Cooper Union, The Lincoln Image, and the 2015 Lincoln Prize-winning Lincoln and the Power of the Press. In 2008, Mr. Holzer received the Na-tional Humanities Medal from President George W. Bush, the highest recognition America awarded to individuals or institutions that have had a positive impact on the nation’s understanding of the humanities. 
Mr. Holzer authored Lincoln: How Abraham 
Lincoln Ended Slavery in America, the young- adult companion to Steven Spielberg’s Acad-emy Award-winning biopic, Lincoln. Mr. Holzer also served as a script consultant on the 
adapted screenplay for the film. 
President Bill Clinton appointed Mr. Holzer 
as cochairman of the U.S. Abraham Lincoln Bicentennial Commission, which oversaw the planning of the national celebration of Lin-coln’s 200th birthday. Mr. Holzer served in that capacity from 2000–2009. He now serves as Chairman of the successor organization, the Abraham Lincoln Bicentennial Foundation. 
Mr. Holzer lives in Rye, New York with his 
wife, Edith. They have two daughters and a grandson. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Harold Holzer’s talent, dedica-tion and erudition. His contributions to our na-tion’s civic and cultural life, as well as our un-derstanding of President Lincoln and the ex-traordinary era when he was President will last long into the future. 
f 
TSCA MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of H.R. 2576, the TSCA Modernization Act. While this bill is not perfect, it is a good step toward better protecting Americans and our environment from dangerous chemicals. 
Current law, the Toxic Substance Control 
Act, passed in the 1970s and has been a fail-ure. While its name implies that it gave the Environmental Protection Agency the authority to ensure the safety of many chemicals, in re-ality, its scope is severely limited and the standards for action are unreasonably high. It also restricted testing to thousands of chemi-cals that were already in use when it passed. Since it was enacted, EPA has partially regu-lated only five chemicals under the law. 
Democrats have been calling for TSCA re-
form for many years, and today we are con-sidering the first meaningful change. While it does not go as far as previous Democratic proposals, it represents significant progress over current law. It makes it easier for EPA to test chemicals using a risk-based approach, explicitly protects vulnerable populations, and provides more resources to get the job done. It also allows EPA to move more quickly to address the most toxic and harmful chemicals. 
Our work is not done—the Senate is final-
izing its proposal and we will have to reconcile our differences. I will continue to advocate for strong protections for American families and our environment. I am voting yes today to take an important step forward in that effort. 
f 
REAFFIRMING THE IMPORTANCE 
OF PREVENTING A NUCLEAR ARMED IRAN 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
today our nation faces challenges across the globe, but there is no threat more central to current world order than the prospect of a nu-clear armed Iran. Tuesday, June 30, is the self-imposed nego-
tiating deadline for the P5+1 over Iran’s illicit nuclear program. At this critical juncture I am thankful for the Administration’s repeated promise that no deal is better than a bad deal. 
I want to remind my colleagues why this 
issue is so vital. 
Even a threshold nuclear Iran—where they 
have a short breakout capacity—would lead to massive nuclear proliferation in the Middle East. We have already seen troubling state-ments from regional partners like Saudi Arabia about developing or purchasing nuclear weap-ons of their own. 
Mr. Speaker, I don’t need to tell you the 
consequences of possible proliferation of the world’s most dangerous weapon in the world’s most dangerous region. 
Just look at the destructive role Iran is al-
ready playing in this chaotic region without nu-clear weapons. 
Iran is the most active state sponsor of ter-
rorism, sending weapons and support to Hamas and Hezbollah. It is actively assisting rebel advances in Yemen, it has long desta-bilized Iraq and Lebanon, and it is propping up the brutal Assad regime in Syria. Not to men-tion that this Iranian regime systematically vio-lates its own citizen’s basic human rights. 
That is why there is broad bipartisan sup-
port for preventing Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons, and on both sides of the aisle, we hope for a diplomatic solution to this crisis. 
But we must be vigilant and ensure that if 
a deal is reached it truly is a good deal that verifiably prevents all Iranian pathways to a bomb. 
Such a deal must include five key compo-
nents: robust and intrusive inspections, phased sanctions relief that comes only as a result of Iranian compliance, dismantlement of key nuclear infrastructure, disclosure of pos-sible military dimensions of the program, and a long timeline that gives the international community confidence that it can hold Iran ac-countable. 
My colleagues and I will be watching closely 
and stand ready to scrutinize any final agree-ment to ensure the future security of our na-tion and that of our allies in the region. 
f 
HONORING DANIEL ‘‘DANNY’’ 
DARIO VILLANUEVA 
HON. XAVIER BECERRA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life and legacy of Daniel ‘‘Danny’’ Dario Villanueva, a dear friend, successful ath-lete and businessman, and champion of the little guy. Danny passed away unexpectedly at the age of 77. His death is a deep loss for Myrna, his wife, his sons Danny Jr. and Jim, and his extended family. Losing Danny brings equal sadness to all who believe in the Amer-ican Dream and seek role models willing to answer that call to duty. 
In reflecting on Danny Villanueva’s accom-
plishments, the list is long. The better question to ask is: what didn’t Danny accomplish. From his humble beginnings in Tucumcari, New Mexico—the ninth of twelve children of mi-grant missionary workers—and throughout the rest of his life, Danny pioneered a remarkable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25JN8.045 E25JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E991 June 25, 2015 
path in professional sports, the broadcasting 
industry and the investment and philanthropic world. 
As a kicker for the Los Angeles Rams, 
Danny was one of the first Latino players in the National Football League. His successful and record-breaking career there, and later with the Dallas Cowboys, helped open the door to a sportscaster job with the KMEX tele-vision station in Los Angeles, which at the time was a fledgling Spanish-language broad-caster. Today, KMEX serves as the West Coast flagship for the Univision network. 
But Danny didn’t just stand in front of the 
KMEX camera, he stood behind it as a jour-nalist, a news director, a general manager and its President. He eventually became an owner of KMEX and the network which we know as Univision. In all those roles, he committed himself to serving the community of Los Ange-les. Whether it was broadcasting that was happening in the city through a Latino lens or raising funds to help new immigrant families, or victims of natural disaster, Danny was their voice and their advocate. And, putting his money where his mouth is, he became one of LA’s true philanthropists. 
Even after he retired from broadcasting, his 
passion for philanthropic work continued through his founding of an investment firm fo-cused on helping small and family businesses and the establishment of a scholarship fund at his alma mater New Mexico State University. He and Myrna remained actively involved in many charitable causes throughout his life. 
Danny was a leader, an innovator, a loving 
husband and father and an incredible example to many of us of a man determined to do good as he did well. Without Danny, the Spanish- language news and broadcasting industry in the U.S. would not be what it is today. Without Danny, there would be no Univision, no Telemundo or many of the other broadcasting giants that exist today. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand here 
today and share some of Danny Villanueva’s successes because they are not just his, they belong to us all. For anyone who aspires to the American Dream, Danny’s life and legacy show us that with hard work, compassion and a sense of humor, anything is possible. Danny will remain in our hearts not only as a friend, but as a champion to his family, his commu-nity and to all the little guys who believe in hard work and relentless effort. 
To Myrna, Danny Jr. and Jim, we extend 
our warmest affection and gratitude for sharing with us this champion of America. Through our collective success we will do justice to the memory of Daniel Dario Villanueva. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, earlier this 
week the House voted on H.R. 1190, the Pro-tecting Seniors Access to Medicare Act. Al-though I was not present for the vote, I want-ed to make my position on this bill clear. While I strongly support repeal of the Independent Payment Advisory Board, or IPAB, and have long supported bipartisan legislation to do so, I would have voted against this bill due to the attachment of a partisan and misguided 
amendment that undermines another impor-tant piece of the Affordable Care Act (ACA). 
I share the concern of many of my col-
leagues on both sides of the aisle that the IPAB relinquishes control of Medicare provider reimbursements to an unelected group, which is problematic to me for a number of reasons. Congress has helped shape a Medicare sys-tem that reflects the unique care needs of varying demographics, and differences be-tween regions and states. Further, this system has been developed with transparency and accountability in congressional debates. And, reforms like better coordination of care and enhanced waste, fraud, and abuse abatement measures have already helped slow Medicare spending to historic lows. 
Since the enactment of the ACA, the Con-
gressional Budget Office has consistently found that other measures in the law have helped keep health care spending at record lows. While I remain committed to strength-ening Medicare’s finances for current and fu-ture generations, I do not believe that IPAB is the best strategy to achieve this goal. While annual spending bills passed by Congress over the last several years have denied fund-ing to support IPAB thus rendering it inoper-able, I agree that the best course of action would be to remove it entirely from the law. That is why I have consistently cosponsored bipartisan legislation to do just that. 
I am disappointed, therefore, that the Re-
publican-led House chose to take a highly bi-partisan bill and turn it, once again, into a highly partisan vehicle to further undermine a key component of the ACA. The amendment that was added to the bill as it headed to the floor would tie repeal to gutting the Prevention and Public Health Fund section of the law. Funds from this section of the ACA go to-wards Alzheimer’s Disease Prevention Edu-cation and Outreach, towards the Breast and Cervical Cancer Early Detection Program, to the Heart Disease and Stroke Prevention Pro-gram, and to the Garrett Lee Smith Youth Sui-cide Prevention fund, among other programs in 2015 alone. 
I strongly support the ACA and its imple-
mentation, but agree with many of my col-leagues that it is by no means perfect. It is time for this chamber to work on a truly bipar-tisan basis to strengthen and improve the law. I stand ready to work across the aisle to re-peal IPAB and to make other commonsense changes to the law—but hope that we can do so in a thoughtful and balanced way, which unfortunately this bill did not. 
f 
HONORING ALBERTA LENTE 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Al-berta Lente, a respected elder and patriarch of a proud family from the Pueblo of Isleta. 
Alberta had amazing role models in her par-
ents, Esquipula and Juanita Jojola, who raised nine children while maintaining several jobs. Coming from a big family meant that Alberta had to make sacrifices. She started attending business school aspiring to one day work as a professional secretary, but her father urged 
her to come home and help with the house-hold finances. 
The news was devastating for Alberta, but 
she forged forward, knowing that her family needed her support. She put her dreams on hold, came home, and took on the role of pri-mary caregiver for the family. From 1945 to 1984, Alberta worked as a seamstress for the famous ‘‘Tiwa Weavers’’ and later went on to work for the Pueblo of Isleta Elder Center as a delivery driver and site manager all while caring for her children and younger siblings. 
She never failed to carry out her commit-
ment to her family. Every morning, Alberta would wake up and catch the 6:30 a.m. bus from Isleta Pueblo to work. On a typical day she would not return home until 7:00 p.m. and always made sure she had enough groceries to feed the family. Often her children would find her up in the middle of night fixing dolls or clothing, trying to earn extra money for the family. 
At age 93, Alberta has no plans to slow 
down any time soon. Incredibly, she has won more than 80 medals in soccerkicks, shuffle-board and many more events in the New Mex-ico Senior Olympics. Today, Alberta prepares for her 5th National Senior Olympics and hopes to add a second Gold medal to her col-lection. 
It is clear that Alberta’s zest for life is end-
less and her dedication to her family is one of a kind. She reminds us to cherish our family, fight for those we love, and continue to strive for excellence in all that we do. Alberta is truly a remarkable woman, and I join all her family and friends in celebrating her accomplish-ments. 
f 
FIRST LIEUTENANT CLAYTON 
NATTIER 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and honor First Lieutenant Clayton Nattier, Army Air Corps, and United States Air Force for his service to our country. 
First Lieutenant Nattier served in the United 
States Army Air Corps from January 1942 to December 1945. During his time as a pilot, he served in the United Kingdom with the 1st Bomb Division, 8th Air Force, 306th Bomb Group, and 369th Bomb Squadron. 
During his 16th combat mission, in Sep-
tember 1944, his B–17 aircraft was badly damaged by enemy anti-aircraft fire, and the crew was unable to control a fire in the cock-pit. At that time, he and five other crew mem-bers parachuted out of the aircraft mid-flight. Lieutenant Nattier was captured by enemy forces and sent to the German Prisoner of War camp, Stalag Luft I in Barth, Western Pomerania (Prussia) after spending three weeks in a German hospital. The Prisoner of War camp was liberated by the Russian Army on April 30, 1945, and in December 1945 he separated from active duty. Lieutenant Nattier continued to serve in the Air Force Reserves until 1952. 
His awards and decorations include the Pur-
ple Heart Medal, the Air Medal with two Bronze Oak Leaf Clusters, the Prisoner of War 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25JN8.048 E25JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E992 June 25, 2015 
Medal, the Army Good Conduct Medal, the 
American Campaign Medal, the European-Afri-can-Middle East Campaign Medal with three Bronze Service Stars and the World War II Victory Medal. After his service, Lieutenant Nattier has been involved in the American Ex- Prisoners of War, Mile High Chapter, as Chap-ter Commander, State Department Com-mander and National Convention Treasurer. He continues to be active in the Eighth Air Force Historical Society. 
Through his courageous service, Lieutenant 
Nattier charted the path for future generations to serve in the military. I extend my deepest appreciation to Lieutenant Nattier for his dedi-cation, integrity and outstanding service to the United States of America. 
f 
MISSISSIPPI STATE FLAG 
HON. STEVEN M. PALAZZO 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
voice my opposition to any and all attempts to remove the State flag of Mississippi from the Capitol grounds. 
Simply put, the flag that flies over the State 
of Mississippi is an issue to be decided by the people of Mississippi. 
This is not an issue for Congress. Congress 
cannot decide which flag flies over the Capitol of Mississippi. Congress cannot decide which state flags hang in the Capitol of the United States. Congress cannot simply decide for the people of Mississippi. 
Our flag is not an issue for the media, not 
an issue for one party or the other, not an issue for outsiders who wish to force certain beliefs on others. 
Our flag is an issue for the people of Mis-
sissippi and the people of Mississippi alone. 
f 
HONORING MR. JIM TUDOR 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Mr. Jim Tudor for his many years of contributions to the convenience store industry. 
Mr. Tudor has worked at the Georgia Asso-
ciation of Convenience Stores since January of 1987, and currently serves as President. Before that, Mr. Tudor also spent nine years at 7–Eleven. Over the years, Mr. Tudor has received various Pigeon Awards from The Pi-geon Committee. He was honored as the 2012 Annual Golden Pigeon. He also received the Liberty Award from Brown & Williamson in 2000, and was recognized by James Maga-zine as one of the Top Ten Lobbyist or trade organizations for three straight years 2012– 2014. 
Mr. Tudor is very active in the Covington 
Rotary and previously the South DeKalb Ro-tary. He has been extremely active with Geor-gia Youth Assembly, the YMCA, and various other youth groups as a mentor and leader. Mr. Tudor has served numerous roles at his church and is a devout Christian man with im-peccable morals and values. Mr. Tudor graduated from the University of 
Cincinnati in 1972, and spent two years in the U.S. Army. Mr. Tudor and his wife, Sandra, have four children—James, Kelly, Bobby and Bill—and five grandchildren. Upon retirement, Jim and Sandra plan to roam the countryside in their retro-style 2015 Mellow Yellow Winne-bago. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to join Mr. 
Tudor’s colleagues, family and friends in cele-brating his many years of hard work and dedi-cation to the Georgia Association of Conven-ience Stores and his community. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 120TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE MORRISTOWN CHAPTER OF THE DAUGHTERS OF THE AMERICAN REVOLUTION 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate the Morristown Chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution as they celebrate their 120th Anniversary. 
Due to the exclusion from men’s organiza-
tions that were formed to express patriotism for our nation, a group of women took it upon themselves to create an organization that was exclusively for women and their love for this country. Thus, on October 11, 1890, the Na-tional Society of Daughters of the American Revolution was born right in our nation’s cap-ital. 
Shortly after the National Society of the 
Daughters of the American Revolution was founded, New Jersey organized its own State Society of the DAR on April 29, 1891. The Morristown Chapter was created four years later in 1895, making it one of the 47 chapters located in the state of New Jersey. In 1999, the Short Hills Chapter of DAR merged with the Morristown Chapter. 
The Morristown DAR Chapter house played 
an important role in our country’s history. The Schulyer-Hamilton House, originally known as the Jabez Campfield House, was built in 1760 in Morristown. The Campfield House is where the surgeon general of the Continental Army, Dr. John Cochran, quartered and is where founding father Alexander Hamilton also courted his wife Betsy Schuyler in 1780. Schuyler was the niece of the surgeon gen-eral. In 1923, the Campfield house was bought by the Morristown Chapter of the DAR and the members decided to name their new Chapter House in honor of Betsy Schuyler and Alexander Hamilton. 
The DAR is a non-profit, non-political volun-
teer organization. They focus on promoting patriotism, preserving American history and fu-ture, and supporting education for children. On a national level the DAR host various summer camps for youth. That educates them on top-ics such as, the textile industry. They also pro-vide citizens of all ages with a lecture series called Tuesday Talks. 
The Morristown Chapter has been devoted 
to keeping up with these objectives as well. Throughout the community the Morristown Chapter of the DAR has volunteered at the annual Morristown Fall Festival and local DAR schools. They provide numerous opportunities for the advancement of children including but not limited to, The Christopher Columbus 
Essay Contest, scholarship for high school seniors in New Jersey, and the Betty Bradbury Vail Scholarship. 
Additionally, to carry on their commitment to 
honoring all veterans in the Morristown area, the Morristown chapter of the DAR will host a luncheon on Saturday, November 14, 2015 to celebrate their 120th Anniversary as well as the 50th Anniversary of the beginning of the Vietnam War. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge you and all of my col-
leagues to join me in congratulating the Mor-ristown Chapter of the Daughters of the Revo-lution, New Jersey as they celebrate their 120th Anniversary. 
f 
JOHN DAVID CROW—AGGIE 
HEISMAN WINNER 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, rough 
tough, real stuff, Texas A&M. The mantra of John David Crow. The man known by all three of his names, with a distinctive gaze and com-manding presence is the first Aggie Heisman Winner who left the piney Louisiana Woods to play football at Texas A&M University—and the rest is history. 
Crow has been tough since birth. Born into 
the Great Depression in Marion, Louisiana on July 8, 1935, a midwife struggled to remove the umbilical cord wrapped tightly around his neck, which resulted in nerve damage—pre-venting him from ever being able to shut his left eye. 
After almost dying from pneumonia at the 
age of two, Crow grew into his larger-than-life stature. At 6’2, 215 pounds he was made to be a football player. 
Crow arrived in College Station, Texas in 
1954 to play under football legend Paul ‘‘Bear’’ Bryant, who he had never even heard of. The newly married freshman watched two buses take the football team to training camp in Junction and only one bus return—half empty. But he wasn’t scared. Crow suited up to play anyways. 
A new husband and father, Crow helped 
lead the Aggies to a conference championship and bowl game after coming off a 1–9 season. 
In three seasons, he gained 1,455 yards 
rushing on 296 attempts, with 22 touchdowns. His stats may not have put him at the top of the leaderboard, but coach Bear Bryant came up with more appropriate and realistic statis-tics to showcase Crow, which he called ‘‘Play-ers Run Over.’’ 
When Crow was told he was a Heisman 
candidate, he confessed that he had never heard of the award. Bryant rallied behind the football player saying, ‘‘If he doesn’t win the Heisman, they ought to stop giving it,’’ the saying stuck. In 1957, in almost a landslide vote, John David Crow won the Heisman Tro-phy. The first Aggie to win and the only Heisman Trophy winner to ever play for Bry-ant. 
Crow went on to be a running back in the 
NFL for the Cardinals in Chicago and St. Louis as well as the San Francisco 49ers. After retiring in 1968, he joined Bryant on the field again as an assistant coach at the Uni-versity of Alabama. He went back to the NFL 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25JN8.023 E25JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E993 June 25, 2015 
as an assistant coach with Cleveland and San 
Diego. In 1983, he returned back to his ma-roon alma mater as the assistant athletic di-rector under Jackie Sherrill. 
Crow was a husband, father, grandfather 
and great-grandfather. For as much success as Crow knew, he has also knew deep sor-row. His son, John David Jr, born while his fa-ther was playing at Texas A&M and also played under Bear Bryant, was killed in 1994. 
John David Crow passed away on June 
18th, joining his son. 
The statue of Crow outside the Bright Ath-
letic Complex at Texas A&M University accu-rately portrays the man whose name is syn-onymous with Aggie Football. It depicts the strapping Louisiana paper mill teenager who showed up in Texas unintimidated, unafraid, and more than ready to bring pride to a small Texas town. 
They just don’t make them like John David 
Crow anymore—rough tough, real stuff, Texas A&M. ‘‘Gig—Em Aggies’’ 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. JIM 
TUDOR 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is 
my honor and pleasure to extend my personal congratulations and best wishes to an excep-tional business leader and outstanding citizen, Mr. Jim Tudor, on the occasion of his retire-ment as President of the Georgia Association of Convenience Stores. 
Mr. Tudor has spent the last 28 years of his 
life advancing the interests of small business owners and workers in Georgia. After spend-ing nine years working for 7–Eleven, Mr. Tudor began working for the Georgia Associa-tion of Convenience Stores in 1987. As a rep-resentative of convenience stores across the state, Mr. Tudor worked tirelessly to promote a welcoming, inclusive, and world-class busi-ness atmosphere in hundreds of Georgia stores. His smile and humor were familiar to the hundreds of store workers he represented on a daily basis. 
Mr. Tudor’s service to convenience store 
owners and workers earned distinction for its vigor and persistence. Along with receiving the Liberty Award from Brown & Williamson in 2000, Mr. Tudor is the recipient of various Pi-geon Awards from the Pigeon Committee, a group of fellow lobbyists in Georgia. In 2012, his work to ensure the passage of Sunday al-cohol sales in the state earned him the Gold-en Pigeon award, recognizing him as the state’s most influential business advocate. Ad-ditionally, Mr. Tudor was named by James Magazine as one of the top ten lobbyist or trade organizations for three straight years from 2012–2014. 
A 1972 graduate of the University of Cin-
cinnati, Mr. Tudor has dedicated his life to serving his community. His commitment to public service has persisted since his service in the U.S. Army as a young man. He has been extremely active in the Georgia Youth Assembly, the YMCA, and the Rotary Club of Covington. Always a mentor to those who worked and lived around him, Mr. Tudor pos-sesses the rare quality of humble leadership. Mr. Tudor’s Christian faith has always in-
stilled within him a desire to positively shape the community in which he lives. As a leader in his church, he incorporates his faith into his commitment to public service regularly. 
After retirement, Mr. Tudor will enjoy spend-
ing time with his four children, James, Kelly, Bobby and Bill, and as ‘‘Poppy’’ to his five grandchildren. He plans to travel across the country with his wife, Sandra, in their retro- style 2015 Winnebago. Mr. Tudor has accom-plished much in his life, but none of it would be possible without the love and support of the family he cherishes so dearly. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in extending our sincerest appreciation and best wishes to Mr. Jim Tudor upon the occa-sion of his retirement from an outstanding ca-reer spanning nearly three decades with the Georgia Association of Convenience Stores. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PARKER HOWE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Parker Howe from Waukee High School for winning the Class 2A Co-ed Golf Doubles title along with his partner, Paige Seiser. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by these stu-
dents demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication, and perseverance. I am honored to represent them and their families in the United States Congress. I know all of my colleagues in the House join me in congratulating Paige and Parker on competing in this rigorous com-petition and wishing continued success in their education and high school golf career. 
f 
BIOGRAPHY OF JERRY DUNFEY 
HON. MAXINE WATERS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I submit the biography of Jerry Dunfey, who is celebrating his 80th birthday. 
GLOBAL CITIZENS CIRCLE  
Jerry Dunfey, co-founder with his brothers 
of Dunfey Hotels, which now is Omni Hotels International, also is the co-founder and president of Global Citizens Circle. Since 1974, hundreds of Circles globally featured prominent leaders engaging in dialogue with 20,000 citizens from all sectors. Circles have been held in Belfast, Soweto, Jerusalem, Ha-vana, and in cities throughout the U.S. 
Dunfey and his wife Nadine Hack have a 
deep history of involvement in the U.S. civil rights movement. Friends of the entire King family, they served on the board of the Mar-tin Luther King, Jr. Center for Nonviolent Social Change, Dunfey starting alongside of ‘‘Daddy’’ King. They maintained close rela-tionships with many of the movement’s lead-ers, including actively campaigning in Geor-gia during Andy Young’s political career. They read a Psalm at Coretta Scott King’s family funeral and were honorary pall bear-ers at her much larger public funeral. 
They also have profound ties with the lead-
ers of South Africa’s liberation movement. He’s been in South Africa on countless occa-
sions including as a member of Senator Ed-ward M. Kennedy’s 1985 fact-finding mission. With his wife, they were guests of state at President Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela’s 1994 inauguration they led a 1998 delegation of 61 democracy activists from seven countries on an eight-day visit; he was honored with the 2008 National Order, Grand Companion of OR Tambo, which is that nation’s equivalent of the U.S. Presidential Medal of Freedom; and in 2013 he attended Mandela’s funeral in Qunu as a VIP family guest. 
He is on the boards of the Joslin Diabetes 
Center, the South Africa Development Fund, and with his brothers is a founder of The American Ireland Fund. While it was in ex-istence, he was on the board of the Inter-national Defense and Aid Fund for South Af-rica. He is the recipient of numerous awards from myriad organizations ranging from the 2003 Northern Ireland Cross-Community Honor to the 2008 Hoteliers of the Year, just among several of the countless times he’s been honored. 
He is the 11th of the 12 children of Leroy 
and Catherine Dunfey, who met in the tex-tile mills of Lowell, MA, and he worked with his siblings from a very early age in his par-ents’ luncheonette in that city. In the 1940s and 1950s he and his brothers operated a number of restaurants, later acquiring sev-eral small New England inns and by the 1960s founding Dunfey Hotels. The Parker House, the oldest continuously operating hotel in America, was among its flagship hotels. Shortly after acquiring that hotel in Boston is when the family launched their inaugural Circle. 
During those same decades, he and his fam-
ily were extremely active in Democratic pol-itics. John F. Kennedy announced his presi-dential campaign from a Dunfey Hotel. Jer-ry’s brother Bud served as the Northeast Co-ordinator of that campaign for which the en-tire Dunfey family campaigned actively. They were all invited to the President’s 1963 Inauguration. A six-decade close relationship among the two families, including com-parable activism with Bobby Kennedy, cul-minated in having the great honor to sit with his wife in the final hour of vigil over Ted Kennedy’s casket at the JFK Library be-fore the family brought the Senator to the church for his funeral service. 
A 1956 graduate of the University of New 
Hampshire, Dunfey has five children—one who died in 1978 with four surviving, all hap-pily married—and six grandchildren. He and his wife Nadine were extremely proud that all three generations of their family actively campaigned for President Barack Obama. Their two oldest grandchildren, for whom this was the first time in their lives to vote, participated in the Maine caucuses. Dunfey continues as an activist with Friends of Barack Obama. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. STEVE RUSSELL 
OF OKLAHOMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 
377, I was absent due to travel for personal reasons and in connection with my official du-ties. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
Yea. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN8.054 E25JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E994 June 25, 2015 
TRIBUTE TO JEANETTE WYNN 
HON. CORRINE BROWN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on be-
half of the constituents of the Fifth Congres-sional District of Florida and myself, I rise to offer a tribute to the life and accomplishments of a great American, Jeanette Wynn, who con-tinues to act as a mentor and leader in the community at large. On June 21, 2015, Jea-nette celebrated her 67th birthday. 
We exalt Mrs. Jeanette Wynn first for the 
determination and perseverance that she has exhibited throughout her life. Jeanette’s rise to her current title as the president of AFSCME deserves recognition. In September 1970, she began work at Florida State Hospital in Chat-tahoochee. Here, in the state’s largest public mental institution, she treated the mentally ill and criminally insane. Her exceptional work was recognized and as a rehabilitative spe-cialist, President Wynn was responsible not only for treatment of mentally ill individuals but also played a role in the judicial process. Mrs. Wynn was given the responsibility of evalu-ating whether they were competent to stand trial. President Wynn was one of the first state employees to join AFSCME in 1976. She was a member of Council 79’s first executive board and was the first secretary/treasurer of Local 1963. In 1981, she was elected Local 1963’s second president. In 1983, she earned her first AFSCME Florida statewide office as Council 79 secretary/treasurer. 
As Council 79 secretary/treasurer, President 
Wynn served until 1996, the same year she won a spot as International Vice President Caribbean. In 1998, President Wynn ascended to Council 79’s highest office and has distin-guished herself in leading fights to help all working families. Drawing on her experiences in the Civil Rights movement of the 1960s, President Wynn played a crucial role in forging a coalition of African-American and Latino farm workers that led to the successful orga-nizing drive in 1998 at Quincy Farms. The United Farm Workers later awarded President Wynn for her incredible effort. Though Presi-dent Wynn is celebrated for her accomplish-ments, we must not forget her effect on the community at large. The lives of those directly and indirectly affected by the actions and oversight of Mrs. Jeanette Wynn are undoubt-edly better. Today we pay tribute to a strong woman, a compassionate leader, and a tire-less worker. 
f 
LEE KLEIN’S 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
AT THE CHILDREN’S CANCER CARING CENTER 
HON. CARLOS CURBELO 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise to recognize Lee Klein on her 50th anniversary at the Children’s Cancer Caring Center, or CCCC. Lee has dedicated her life to caring for South Florida children and their families who are affected with cancer by pro-viding them comfort and support as they fight the deadly disease and return to a sense of 
normalcy. 
Lee currently serves as CEO and Chairman 
of the CCCC Board. She began her career in 1956 as a charity worker for children’s causes, and nine years later, founded a treatment clin-ic for cancer-stricken children which today we call CCCC. She also serves as Patient Pro-gram Director at the center, where she be-comes personally involved with the patients and their families. Lee has been the recipient of numerous honors, including the 2004 Junior League of Miami ‘‘Women who make a dif-ference’’ award and 2003 Big Brothers Big Sisters ‘‘Miracle Makers’’ award. 
Mr. Speaker, these children and their fami-
lies battling cancer deserve all the love and support they can get during the unfathomable difficulties that no young person should have to endure. I am proud to recognize that on June 27, Lee will have served the Center and our South Florida community for 50 years, touching the lives of thousands of our friends and neighbors. I wish her the best of luck in the future and offer my sincere gratitude for the work she has done. 
f 
CORPORAL JOHN PEDERSON 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and honor Corporal John Pederson, United States Army, for his service to our country. 
Corporal Pederson served in the United 
States Army from June 1944 to February 1947. During his service as a rifleman and in-fantryman, he was assigned to the 42nd Infan-try ‘‘Rainbow’’ Division, Company A, 232nd In-fantry Regiment. After Corporal Pederson’s ar-rival in France, he was transferred to the 7th Army, and participated as a member of ‘‘Task Force Linden’’ near Strasbourg, France. 
On January 18, 1945, in the Battle of 
Sessenheim, he was captured by the German Army and sent to the German Prison camp, Stalag 5A, in Malschbach Ludwigsburg Wurttemberg 49–09. He was liberated by the British Army in April 1945, and eventually re-turned to the U.S. after being discharged in February 1947. 
His awards and decorations include the 
Bronze Star, the Prisoner of War Medal, the Army Good Conduct Medal, the American Campaign Medal, the European-African-Middle Eastern Campaign Medal with one Bronze Service Star, the World War II Victory Medal, and the Combat Infantryman Badge. Since re-tiring, he has been active in the American Ex- Prisoners of War—Mile High Chapter where he currently serves as Commander of the De-partment of Colorado and Commander of the Mile High Chapter. 
Through his courageous service, Corporal 
Pederson charted the path for future genera-tions to serve in the military. I extend my deepest appreciation to Corporal Pederson for his dedication, integrity and outstanding serv-ice to the United States of America. IN HONOR OF JIM TUDOR’S 
RETIREMENT 
HON. DAVID SCOTT 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to pay tribute to the accomplish-ments of a dear friend and colleague, Mr. Jim Tudor. Over the last twenty years, Mr. Tudor has left an indelible impression on the State of Georgia through his entrepreneurial advances and philanthropic endeavors. 
Whether it be in his church, his community, 
or business, Mr. Tudor strives to turn any challenge into an opportunity. In 1986, Mr. Tudor moved from a promising career as the Zone Manager for 7-Eleven to serve as a lob-byist for the Georgia Association of Conven-ience Stores, marking the beginning of a ca-reer that would be recognized as among the most prolific in Georgia’s capitol community. 
Mr. Tudor’s contributions have been recog-
nized numerous times throughout his illus-trious career. In 2000, Mr. Tudor received the Liberty Award from Brown & Williamson. Later, Mr. Tudor was honored with various Pigeon Awards from The Pigeon Committee, a group of fellow lobbyists for the State of Georgia. For three straight years, Mr. Tudor was named by James Magazine as one of the Top Ten Lob-byist for trade organizations. 
Throughout his distinguished career, Mr. 
Tudor has used his success to empower those around him. Well known by his friends and family for a seemingly inexhaustible amount of energy, Mr. Tudor is an extremely active member of the Covington Rotary Club. On many weeknights he can be found volun-teering for the Georgia Youth Assembly, the YMCA, and various other groups as a mentor and leader, where he passes on the practical skills he has accumulated through years of shaping Georgia’s business climate. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to not only honor 
the impressive achievements of this man, but also to commend his compassionate contribu-tions to my Congressional district and to the great State of Georgia. I ask my colleagues to join me in venerating this distinguished indi-vidual. 
f 
HONORING DR. JAY L. SCHAUBEN, 
PHARMD, DABAT, FAACT UPON HIS ELECTION AS PRESIDENT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS FOR THE AMERICAN ASSOCIATION OF POISON CONTROL CENTERS 
HON. ANDER CRENSHAW 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the service of Dr. Jay L. Schauben, PharmD, DABAT, FAACT, and his election as President of the Board of Directors for the American Association of Poison Control Cen-ters (AAPCC), As President, Dr. Schauben will oversee the national agency responsible for the accreditation of poison centers and the certification of its specialists. Throughout his career, he has completed four terms on the AAPCC Board of Directors. I am honored to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25JN8.059 E25JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E995 June 25, 2015 
recognize Dr. Schauben as the first Floridian 
to be elected to this prestigious position. 
In 1992, Dr. Schauben developed and im-
plemented the Florida/U.S. Virgin Islands Poi-son Information Center in Jacksonville, Flor-ida. Today, the Florida/USVI Poison Informa-tion Center—Jacksonville continues to work in improving the three-center Statewide Florida Poison Information Center Network. Dr. Schauben has been Director of Jacksonville center, located at UF–Health Jacksonville Medical Center, since 1996. His work is both widely known and greatly admired. He holds the rank of Professor in the Department of Emergency Medicine within the College of Medicine and the Department of Pharmacotherapy and Translational Research 
in the College of Pharmacy, University of Flor-ida Health Science Center. Since 1987, he has held board-certification in Clinical Toxi-cology by the American Board of Applied Toxi-cology and was awarded the status as a Fel-low of the American Academy of Clinical Toxi-cology. Dr. Schauben also has served as President and At-Large Member to the Board of Directors of the American Board of Applied Toxicology. He is a member of the Inter-national Society for Disease Surveillance. 
Dr. Schauben is a recognized expert wit-
ness in the field of clinical toxicology and often consults with federal and state agencies on issues relating to toxic exposures, poisonings and overdoses. Under the National Disaster Medical System, he held a Federal Emer-gency Management Agency/Department of Homeland Security rank of Deputy Com-mander for the Florida-4 Disaster Medical As-sistance Team. In addition, he has authored 54 journal articles and 21 chapters in major medical textbooks and is the Associate Editor for the Advanced HAZMAT Life Support Course. 
Although larger states have more than one 
center, the nation has 55 poison control cen-ters that cover every state, Puerto Rico, the Federated States of Micronesia, American Samoa, the U.S. Virgin Islands and Guam. Callers are provided free, 24-hour professional 
advice on poisons and treatments. Our Jack-sonville Center serves a population of approxi-mately six million people and receives 160– 200 calls per day from Floridians in 42 north-ern and eastern coastal counties and the U.S. Virgin Islands. 
Florida/USVI Poison Information Center— 
Jacksonville, under the leadership of Dr. Schauben, conducts a full spectrum of poison prevention educational programs for the gen-eral public and health care professionals. The Center serves as a teaching facility for clinical and medical toxicology fellowships; and facili-tates academic rotations for nursing, medical and pharmacy students; pharmacy, emer-gency medicine and other health professional residents in training; pediatric critical care fel-lows and pediatric emergency medicine fel-lows. 
One of the highlights of the year in Jackson-
ville is the children’s poster contest for Na-tional Poison Prevention Week. Jay and his staff have also instituted a video contest, and kids can earn a Deputy badge by completing the Poison Patrol Checklist. 
I salute the dedicated hard work of Dr. 
Schauben, and his well-deserved recognition by fellow colleagues in electing him President of the Board of Directors of the AAPCC. 
f 
SUPPORTING THE REAUTHORIZA-
TION OF THE EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today in support of small businesses, American manufacturing and good jobs right here at home. I rise to support reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank. The simple reality is that 95% of the globe’s 
consumers live outside of America’s borders. Therefore, our ability to export American prod-ucts around the world has a direct impact on many small, medium and large companies’ ability to create and sustain jobs. Unfortu-nately, many potential global customers are not able to secure the necessary financing to complete a purchase from an American com-pany because of the instability of their region or other circumstances. 
In order to connect these American export-
ers with their buyers around the globe, the Ex- Im Bank can provide vital loans to complete transactions with American companies that otherwise may not have occurred. The eco-nomic impacts here at home are significant. Last year, the Ex-Im Bank provided financing for $27.5 billion in U.S. exports, supporting more than 160,000 jobs. Importantly, nearly 90% of Ex-Im transactions involved U.S. small businesses last year, supporting nearly $11 billion in exports. 
Some have called for ending the Ex-Im 
Bank on the grounds that it competes with the private market—that’s just not the case. The Ex-Im Bank simply levels the playing field and fills the gaps that exist in the private credit market. Additionally, the Ex-Im Bank brings in a surplus of dollars to the U.S. Treasury each year, which isn’t something we can say about a whole lot of Federal agencies. Last year, Ex- Im sent nearly $700 million back to the Treas-ury as a surplus. And over the past two dec-ades, this surplus has been nearly $7 billion. 
Ex-Im supports good paying jobs in Illinois, 
and not only at great companies like Cater-pillar and John Deere, but also at small and medium sized businesses such as GSI Group in Assumption, IL and Litania Sports Group in Champaign, IL. With the June 30th deadline looming, we simply cannot afford to put these jobs at risk and we must reauthorize the Ex- Im bank. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in supporting reauthor-ization of the job-creating Ex-Im bank. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25JN8.026 E25JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D768 Thursday, June 25, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4619–S4657 
Measures Introduced: Twenty-seven bills and four 
resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 1677–1703, S.J. Res. 17, and S. Res. 214–216. 
                                                                                    Pages S4648–49 
Measures Reported: 
S. 1180, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 
2002 to direct the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to modernize the integrated public alert and warning system of the United States, with amendments. (S. Rept. No. 114–73) 
S. 1695, making appropriations for the Depart-
ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016. (S. Rept. No. 114–74) 
H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the Depart-
ments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–75) 
S. Res. 204, recognizing June 20, 2015 as ‘‘World 
Refugee Day’’. 
S. Res. 207, recognizing threats to freedom of the 
press and expression around the world and reaffirm-ing freedom of the press as a priority in efforts of the United States Government to promote democ-racy and good governance. 
S. Res. 211, expressing the sense of the Senate re-
garding Srebrenica, with amendments. 
S. 1643, to require a report on actions to secure 
the safety and security of dissidents housed at Camp Liberty, Iraq, with an amendment.
                  Page S4646 
Measures Passed: 
Boys Town Centennial Commemorative Coin 
Act: Senate passed H.R. 893, to require the Secretary 
of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the centennial of Boys Town.
                              Page S4656 
Yukon Kuskokwim Health Corporation: Senate 
passed S. 230, to provide for the conveyance of cer-tain property to the Yukon Kuskokwim Health Cor-poration located in Bethel, Alaska, after agreeing to 
the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S4656–57 
McConnell (for Murkowski) Amendment No. 
2077, in the nature of a substitute.          Pages S4656–57 
National Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder 
Awareness Month and Day: Senate agreed to S. 
Res. 215, designating the month of June 2015 as ‘‘National Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder Awareness Month’’ and June 27, 2015, as ‘‘National Post-Trau-matic Stress Disorder Awareness Day’’.
          Page S4657 
National Defense Authorization Act—Agree-ment: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached 
providing that the Secretary of the Senate re-engross the Senate amendment to H.R. 1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military ac-tivities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, with the following: Strike section 636.
                                            Pages S4620–21 
Signing Authority—Agreement : A unanimous- 
consent agreement was reached providing that Sen-ator Cotton be authorized to sign duly enrolled bills or joint resolutions.
                                                  Page S4657 
Authorizing Leadership To Make Appoint-ments—Agreement : A unanimous-consent agree-
ment was reached providing that, notwithstanding the upcoming adjournment of the Senate, the Presi-dent of the Senate, the President Pro Tempore, and the Majority and Minority Leaders be authorized to make appointments to commissions, committees, boards, conferences, or interparliamentary conferences authorized by law, by concurrent action of the two Houses, or by order of the Senate.
                    Page S4657 
Pro Forma Sessions—Agreement: A unanimous- 
consent agreement was reached providing that Senate adjourn until the following dates and times to con-vene for pro forma session only with no business being conducted; that following each pro forma ses-sion, Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session, unless the House adopts the provisions of S. Con. Res. 19, providing for a conditional adjournment or recess of the Senate and an adjournment of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:05 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25JN5.REC D25JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D769 June 25, 2015 
House of Representatives; at 10 a.m., on Friday, 
June 26, 2015, at 2 p.m., on Tuesday June 30, 2015, and at 10 a.m., on Friday, July 3, 2015; and that Senate adjourn on Friday, July 3, 2015, until 2:30 p.m., on Tuesday, July 7, 2015.
            Page S4657 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S4646 
Measures Read the First Time:       Pages S4646, S4657 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S4646–48 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S4649–50 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S4650–55 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S4644–46 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S4655 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S4655–56 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S4656 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:50 a.m. and 
adjourned at 2:51 p.m., until 2:30 p.m. on Tuesday, July 7, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S4657.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
COUNTRY OF ORIGIN LABELING 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-
mittee concluded a hearing to examine country of origin labeling and trade retaliation, focusing on what’s at stake for America’s farmers, ranchers, busi-nesses, and consumers, after receiving testimony from Barry Carpenter, North American Meat Insti-tute, Washington, D.C.; Craig Hill, Iowa Farm Bu-reau Federation, Milo, on behalf of the American Farm Bureau Federation; Leo McDonnell, McDonnell Angus and Midland Bull Test, Rhame, North Da-kota, on behalf of the United States Cattlemen’s As-sociation; Jaret Moyer, Kansas Livestock Association, Emporia; James Trezise, New York Wine and Grape Foundation, Canandaigua; and Christopher Cuddy, ADM Corn, Decatur, Illinois. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Appropriations: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported the following business items: 
An original bill entitled, ‘‘Transportation, Hous-
ing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’, and 
An original bill (S. 1695) entitled, ‘‘Labor, Health 
and Human Services, Education, and Related Agen-cies Appropriations Act, 2016’’. GLOBAL IMPACT OF A GREEK DEFAULT 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
Subcommittee on National Security and Inter-national Trade and Finance concluded a hearing to examine economic crisis, focusing on the global im-pact of a Greek default, after receiving testimony from Desmond Lachman, American Enterprise Insti-tute, and Jacob Funk Kirkegaard, Peterson Institute for International Economics, both of Washington, D.C.; Carmen M. Reinhart, Harvard Kennedy School, Cambridge, Massachusetts; and Matthew J. Slaughter, Dartmouth College Tuck School of Busi-ness, Hanover, New Hampshire. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
Committee ordered favorably reported the following business items: 
S. 1626, to reauthorize Federal support for pas-
senger rail programs, improve safety, streamline rail project delivery, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 1611, to authorize appropriations for the Coast 
Guard for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 1573, to establish regional weather forecast of-
fices, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute; 
S. 1298, to provide nationally consistent measures 
of performance of the Nation’s ports, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 1403, to amend the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery 
Conservation and Management Act to promote sus-tainable conservation and management for the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic fisheries and the com-munities that rely on them, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 1551, to provide for certain requirements relat-
ing to the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority stewardship transition, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 1182, to exempt application of JSA attribution 
rule in case of existing agreements; 
S. 1250, to encourage States to require the instal-
lation of residential carbon monoxide detectors in homes, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute; and 
Routine lists in the Coast Guard. 
FINANCING TRANSPORTATION 
INFRASTRUCTURE 
Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing 
to examine the private sector, focusing on state inno-vations in financing transportation infrastructure, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:05 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25JN5.REC D25JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D770 June 25, 2015 
after receiving testimony from Shailen Bhatt, Colo-
rado Department of Transportation Executive Direc-tor, Denver; Mitchell E. Daniels, Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana; David Narefsky, Mayer Brown LLP, Chicago, Illinois; and Baruch Feigenbaum, Reason Foundation, Los Angeles, Cali-fornia. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee ordered fa-
vorably reported the following business items: 
S. Res. 204, recognizing June 20, 2015 as ‘‘World 
Refugee Day’’; 
S. Res. 207, recognizing threats to freedom of the 
press and expression around the world and reaffirm-ing freedom of the press as a priority in efforts of the United States Government to promote democ-racy and good governance; 
S. 1643, to require a report on actions to secure 
the safety and security of dissidents housed at Camp Liberty, Iraq, with an amendment; 
S. Res. 211, expressing the sense of the Senate re-
garding Srebrenica, with amendments; and 
The nominations of Janet L. Yellen, of California, 
to be United States Alternate Governor of the Inter-national Monetary Fund, and Brian James Egan, of Maryland, to be Legal Adviser, Glyn Townsend Da-vies, of the District of Columbia, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Thailand, William A. Heidt, of Pennsylvania, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Cambodia, Atul Keshap, of Virginia, to be Ambas-sador to the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka, and to serve concurrently and without addi-tional compensation as Ambassador to the Republic of Maldives, Alaina B. Teplitz, of Illinois, to be Am-bassador to the Federal Democratic Republic of 
Nepal, David Hale, of New Jersey, to be Ambas-sador to the Islamic Republic of Pakistan, and Jen-nifer Zimdahl Galt, of Colorado, to be Ambassador to Mongolia, all of the Department of State. 
JCPOA IRAN 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine evaluating key components of a Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action with Iran, 
after receiving testimony from David Albright, Insti-tute for Science and International Security, and Ray Takeyh, Council on Foreign Relations, both of Washington, D.C.; and Jim Walsh, Massachusetts Institute of Technology Security Studies Program, Cambridge. 
FEDERAL CYBERSECURITY AND OPM 
DATA BREACH 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine 
federal cybersecurity and the Office of Personnel Management data breach, after receiving testimony from Katherine Archuleta, Director, and Patrick E. McFarland, Inspector General, both of the Office of Personnel Management; Tony Scott, Chief Informa-tion Officer, Office of Management and Budget; and Andy Ozment, Assistant Secretary of Homeland Se-curity for Cybersecurity and Communications. 
ECONOMIC OPPORTUNITY FOR VETERANS 
AND THEIR FAMILIES 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Com-
mittee concluded a hearing to examine economic op-portunity for our veterans and their families through entrepreneurship, after receiving testimony from Barb Carson, Acting Associate Administrator, Office of Veterans Business Development, Small Business Administration; Katrina Nowosielski, Storm Guard of La LLC, Lafayette, Louisiana; Albert Tansey, Tansey Electric, Manchester, New Hampshire; Laurie Sayles Artis, Civility Management Solutions, Bowie, 
Maryland; J. Michael Haynie, Syracuse University Institute for Veterans and Military Families, Syra-cuse, New York; Scott R. Daugherty, North Caro-lina Small Business Technology and Development Center, Raleigh, on behalf of the Association of Small Business Development Centers; and Charles W. McCaffrey, Veterans Business Outreach Center at Community Business Partnership, Springfield, Vir-ginia. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 61 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 2886–2946; and 9 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 58–59; and H. Res. 340–346 were intro-duced.
                                                                      Pages H4768–71 Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H4773–75 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 313, to amend title 5, United States Code, 
to provide leave to any new Federal employee who is a veteran with a service-connected disability rated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:05 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25JN5.REC D25JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D771 June 25, 2015 
at 30 percent or more for purposes of undergoing 
medical treatment for such disability, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–180); 
H.R. 1069, to amend title 44, United States 
Code, to require information on contributors to Pres-idential library fundraising organizations, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–181); 
H.R. 1531, to amend title 5, United States Code, 
to provide a pathway for temporary seasonal employ-ees in Federal land management agencies to compete for vacant permanent positions under internal merit promotion procedures, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–182); 
H.R. 690, to require each agency, in providing 
notice of a rule making, to include a link to a 100 word plain language summary of the proposed rule (H. Rept. 114–183); 
H.R. 712, to impose certain limitations on con-
sent decrees and settlement agreements by agencies that require the agencies to take regulatory action in accordance with the terms thereof, and for other pur-poses (H. Rept. 114–184); 
H.R. 2647, to expedite under the National Envi-
ronmental Policy Act and improve forest manage-ment activities in units of the National Forest Sys-tem derived from the public domain, on public lands under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Man-agement, and on tribal lands to return resilience to overgrown, fire-prone forested lands, and for other purposes, with amendments (H. Rept. 114–185, Part 1); 
H.R. 2647, to expedite under the National Envi-
ronmental Policy Act and improve forest manage-ment activities in units of the National Forest Sys-tem derived from the public domain, on public lands under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Man-agement, and on tribal lands to return resilience to overgrown, fire-prone forested lands, and for other purposes, with amendments (H. Rept. 114–185, Part 2); 
H.R. 208, to require the Administrator of the 
Small Business Administration to establish a pro-gram to make loans to certain businesses, home-owners, and renters affected by Superstorm Sandy, with amendments (H. Rept. 114–186); 
H.R. 2499, to amend the Small Business Act to 
increase access to capital for veteran entrepreneurs, to help create jobs, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–187); 
H.R. 2670, to amend the Small Business Act to 
provide for expanded participation in the microloan program, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–188); and 
H.R. 1023, to amend the Small Business Invest-
ment Act of 1958 to provide for increased limita-tions on leverage for multiple licenses under com-
mon control (H. Rept. 114–189).
                    Page H4768 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the 
Guest Chaplain, Pastor Randy Bezet, Bayside Com-munity Church, Bradenton, Florida.
               Page H4655 
Privileged Resolution: The House agreed to H. 
Res. 340, returning to the Senate the bill (H.R. 1735), to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, and to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, with the Senate amendment thereto.
   Page H4657 
Question of Privilege: Representative Thompson 
(MS) rose to a question of the privileges of the House and submitted a resolution. Subsequently, the Chair ruled that the resolution did present a ques-tion of the privileges of the House.
         Pages H4662–63 
Agreed to the McCarthy motion to refer the reso-
lution, H. Res. 341, to the Committee on House Administration by a yea-and-nay vote of 240 yeas to 184 nays, Roll No. 385.
                                Pages H4663–64 
Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015: The 
House agreed to the Ryan (WI) motion to concur in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 1295, to extend the African Growth and Opportunity Act, the General-ized System of Preferences, and the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti, by a yea-and-nay vote of 286 yeas to 138 nays, Roll No. 388. 
                                                                                    Pages H4666–98 
H. Res. 338, the rule providing for consideration 
of the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 1295) was agreed to by a yea-and-nay vote of 251 yeas to 176 nays, Roll No. 386, after the previous question was ordered.
                                      Pages H4657–62, H4664–65 
Suspensions—Proceedings Resumed: The House 
agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following 
measures which were debated on Tuesday, June 23rd: 
DHS FOIA Efficiency Act of 2015: H.R. 1615, 
amended, to direct the Chief FOIA Officer of the Department of Homeland Security to make certain improvements in the implementation of section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Freedom of Information Act), by a 
2⁄3yea-and- 
nay vote of 423 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 387; and
                                                       Pages H4665–66 
CBRN Intelligence and Information Sharing 
Act of 2015: H.R. 2200, amended, to amend the 
Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish chem-ical, biological, radiological, and nuclear intelligence and information sharing functions of the Office of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:05 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25JN5.REC D25JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D772 June 25, 2015 
Intelligence and Analysis of the Department of 
Homeland Security and to require dissemination of information analyzed by the Department to entities with responsibilities relating to homeland security, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 420 yeas to 2 nays, Roll 
No. 389.                                                                 Pages H4698–99 
Trade Act of 2015—Motion to Reconsider: Agreed by unanimous consent that the motion to re-consider the vote on the question of concurring in the matter comprising the remainder of title II of the Senate amendment to H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain orga-nizations, is laid on the table.
                            Page H4699 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016: Agreed to take from the Speaker’s table 
the bill (H.R. 1735), to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, and to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fis-cal year, with the Senate amendment thereto, dis-agree with the Senate amendment and request a con-ference with the Senate thereon.
                        Page H4699 
The Chair appointed the following conferees on 
H.R. 1735: From the Committee on Armed Services, for consideration of the House bill and the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Representatives Thornberry, Forbes, Miller (FL), Wilson (SC), LoBiondo, Bishop (UT), Turner, Kline, Rogers (AL), Shuster, Conaway, Lamborn, Wittman, Hunter, Hartzler, Heck (NV), Wenstrup, Stefanik, Smith (WA), Loretta Sanchez (CA), Davis (CA), Langevin, Larsen (WA), Cooper, Bordallo, Courtney, Tsongas, Garamendi, Johnson (GA), Speier, Castro (TX), and Duckworth.
             Page H4699 
The Chair announced that additional conferees 
will be appointed at a subsequent time.        Page H4699 
Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016: The 
House began consideration of H.R. 2822, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016. Further consideration was postponed.
                                             Pages H4699–H4761 
Agreed to: 
Poe (TX) amendment that redirects funding with-
in the Bureau of Land Management by $1,000,000; 
                                                                                    Pages H4730–31 
Flores amendment that increases funding for the 
Bureau of Land Management by $5,000,000, in-creases funding for the National Forest System by $5,000,000, and reduces funding for the Environ-
mental Programs and Management by $12,307,693; 
                                                                                    Pages H4731–32 
Clawson (FL) amendment that increases funding 
for US Fish and Wildlife Service Resource Manage-ment by $1,000,000 and reduces funding for Envi-ronmental Programs and Management by $1,200,000;
                                                          Pages H4735–36 
Clawson (FL) amendment that increases funding 
for Operation of the National Park System Ever-glades Restoration by $1,000,000 and reduces fund-ing for Environmental Programs and Management by $1,250,000;
                                                   Pages H4736–37 
Sewell (AL) amendment that increases funding for 
Operation of the National Park System by $2,500,000, increases funding for Historic Preserva-tion Fund by $4,500,000, and reduces funding for Office of the Secretary Departmental Operations by $7,000,000;
                                                          Pages H4637–38 
Gallego amendment that redirects funding within 
the National Park Service by $1,000,000;    Page H4738 
Tsongas amendment that redirects funding within 
Centennial Challenge projects and programs by $30,000,000;
                                                       Pages H4739–40 
Johnson (OH) amendment that increases funding, 
by offset, for State and Tribal Assistance Grants by $2,000,000;
                                                          Pages H4742–43 
Gosar amendment that increases funding for the 
Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Edu-cation by $50,304,000 and reduces funding for En-vironmental Programs by $61,304,000; 
                                                                                    Pages H4743–45 
Langevin amendment that reduces funding for the 
EPA Science and Technology by $1,625,000 and in-creases funding for the Environmental Programs and Management by $1,000,000;
                      Pages H4753–54 
Grayson amendment that redirects funding within 
Environmental Programs and Management by $2,212,000;
                                                                  Page H4754 
Mooney (WV) amendment that reduces funding 
for Environmental Programs and Management by $2,000,000 and increases funding for the Office of Inspector General by $1,000,000;
            Pages H4754–55 
Mooney (WV) amendment that reduces funding 
for the Environmental Programs and Management by $2,000,000 and applies the savings to the spending reduction account;
                                                     Page H4755 
Tipton amendment that increases funding, by off-
set, for Wildland Fire Management by $20,000,000; and
                                                                            Pages H4755–56 
Benishek amendment that increases funding, by 
offset, for Capital Improvement and Maintenance by $2,000,000.
                                                                  Page H4760 
Rejected: Griffith amendment that sought to increase from 
3 to 6 the Appalachian States with the greatest 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:05 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25JN5.REC D25JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D773 June 25, 2015 
amount of unfunded needs to meet the priorities of 
the Surface Mining Control Reclamation.     Page H4743 
Withdrawn: Garamendi amendment that was offered and sub-
sequently withdrawn that would have reduced fund-ing for the Management of Lands and Resources by $14,000,000 and increased funding for Surveys, In-vestigation and Research by $11,611,000;
   Page H4732 
Yoho amendment that was offered and subse-
quently withdrawn that would have reduced funding for the Bureau of Land Management by $25,325,000 and applied the savings to the spending reduction account;
                                                                  Pages H4732–33 
Guinta amendment that was offered and subse-
quently withdrawn that would have increased fund-ing, by offset, for Land Acquisition by $16,000,000; 
                                                                                            Page H4734 
Garamendi amendment that was offered and sub-
sequently withdrawn that would have redirected funding within the Land and Water Conservation Fund by $1,000,000;
                                       Pages H4734–35 
Yoho amendment that was offered and subse-
quently withdrawn that would have reduced funding for the Abandoned Mine Reclamation Fund by $29,904,000 and applied the savings to the spend-ing reduction account;
                                            Page H4743 
Plaskett amendment that was offered and subse-
quently withdrawn that would have redirected fund-ing within Insular Affairs by $13,684,000; 
                                                                                    Pages H4747–48 
Jackson Lee amendment that was offered and sub-
sequently withdrawn that would have reduced fund-ing for the Office of Inspector General Salaries and Expenses by $2,000,000 and increased funding for the Smithsonian Institution Salaries and Expenses by $1,500,000;
                                                          Pages H4748–52 
Grijalva amendment that was offered and subse-
quently withdrawn that would have struck section 120, prohibiting use of funds regarding legal trade and transport of ivory;
                                    Pages H4752–53 
McNerney amendment that was offered and subse-
quently withdrawn that would have increased fund-ing for State and Tribal Assistance Grants by $861,000,000, increased funding for capitalization grants for the Clean Water State Revolving Funds by $432,000,000, and increased funding for capital-ization grants for the Drinking Water State Revolv-ing Funds by $429,000,000; and
             Pages H4757–58 
Beyer amendment that was offered and subse-
quently withdrawn that would have struck the para-graph regarding EPA Administrator requirements to base agency policies and actions regarding air emis-sions from forest biomass on the principle that forest biomass emissions do not increase overall carbon di-oxide accumulations in the atmosphere. 
                                                                                    Pages H4759–60 Point of Order sustained against: 
Beyer amendment that sought to increase funding 
for the National Park Service maintenance backlog by $11,500,000,000; and
                              Pages H4738–39 
Kildee amendment (No. 10 printed in the Con-
gressional Record of June 24, 2015) that sought to add a new proviso providing new eligibility require-ments for grant recipients.
                           Pages H4758–59 
Proceedings Postponed: 
Garamendi amendment that seeks to reduce fund-
ing for the Bureau of Land Management by $4,010,000 and increase funding for the US Fish and Wildlife Service by $3,902,000;
      Pages H4733–34 
Capps amendment that seeks to increase funding, 
by offset, for Inland Oil Spill Programs by $5,434,000;
                                                          Pages H4740–42 
Sablan amendment that seeks to increase funding, 
by offset, for Insular Affairs by $5,000,000; and 
                                                                                    Pages H4745–46 
Castor (FL) amendment that seeks to redirect 
funding within Environmental Programs and Man-agement by $1,913,000.
                                Pages H4746–47 
H. Res. 333, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 2822) and (H.R. 2042) was agreed to yesterday, June 24th. 
Adjournment Resolution: The House agreed to S. 
Con. Res. 19, providing for a conditional adjourn-ment or recess of the Senate and an adjournment of the House of Representatives.
                             Page H4761 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate 
today appears on pages H4699 and H4766. 
Senate Referrals: S. 230 was held at the desk. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Five yea-and-nay votes de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H4663–64, H4664, H4665, H4697–98, H4698. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and at 
6:01 p.m., pursuant to S. Con. Res. 19, the House stands adjourned until 2 p.m. on Tuesday, July 7, 2015. 
Committee Meetings 
USDA MARKETING PROGRAMS 
Committee on Agriculture: Subcommittee on Bio-
technology, Horticulture, and Research held a hear-ing to review USDA marketing programs. Testi-mony was heard from Craig Morris, Deputy Admin-istrator, Livestock Poultry and Seed Program, Agri-cultural Marketing Service, Department of Agri-culture. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:05 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25JN5.REC D25JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D774 June 25, 2015 
NUCLEAR DETERRENCE IN THE 21ST 
CENTURY 
Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Nuclear Deterrence in the 21st Century’’. Testimony was heard from the following Department of Defense officials: Robert O. Work, Deputy Secretary of Defense; Elizabeth Sherwood- Randall, Deputy Secretary of Energy; and Admiral James A. Winnefeld, Jr., USN, Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. 
UPDATE ON FINDINGS AND 
RECOMMENDATIONS OF THE 2014 DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE NUCLEAR ENTERPRISE REVIEW 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Over-
sight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Up-date on Findings and Recommendations of the 2014 Department of Defense Nuclear Enterprise Review’’. Testimony was heard from Yisroel Brumer, OSD/ Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation; Vice Ad-miral Terry Benedict, USN, Director, Strategic Sys-tems Programs; Major General Jack Weinstein, USAF, Commander, 20th Air Force; and Major Gen-eral Richard M. Clark, USAF, Commander, 8th Air Force. 
LEGISLATIVE HEARING 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Public Health Legislation: H.R. 2820, H.R. 1344, and H.R. 1462’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. 
VEHICLE TO VEHICLE COMMUNICATIONS 
AND CONNECTED ROADWAYS OF THE FUTURE 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Commerce, Manufacturing and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Vehicle to Vehicle Communications and Connected Roadways of the Future’’. Testimony was heard from Nat Beuse, Associate Administrator, Ve-hicle Safety Research, National Highway Traffic Safety Administration; and public witnesses. 
EXAMINING CONTINUING ALLEGATIONS 
OF DISCRIMINATION AND RETALIATION 
AT THE CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION BUREAU 
Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Continuing Allegations of Discrimina-tion and Retaliation at the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Bureau’’. Testimony was heard from Florine Williams, Senior Equal Employment Specialist, Of-fice of Civil Rights, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau; and a public witness. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a 
markup on H.R. 2494, the ‘‘Global Anti-Poaching Act’’. H.R. 2494 was ordered reported, as amended. 
IS ACADEMIC FREEDOM THREATENED BY 
CHINA’S INFLUENCE ON U.S. UNIVERSITIES? 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, 
Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Is Academic Freedom Threatened by China’s Influence on U.S. Universities?’’. Testimony was heard from Susan V. Lawrence, Specialist in Asian Affairs, Con-gressional Research Service; and public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Homeland Security: Full Committee held 
a markup on H.R. 158, the ‘‘Visa Waiver Program 
Improvement Act of 2015’’; H.R. 455, the ‘‘North-ern Border Security Review Act’’; H.R. 998, the ‘‘Preclearance Authorization Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1073, the ‘‘Critical Infrastructure Protection Act’’; H.R. 1634, the ‘‘Border Security Technology Ac-countability Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2127, the ‘‘Securing Expedited Screening Act’’; H.R. 2750, the ‘‘Im-proved Security Vetting for Aviation Workers Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2770, the ‘‘Keeping our Travelers Safe and Secure Act’’; H.R. 2786, the ‘‘Cross-Border Rail Security Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2843, the ‘‘TSA PreCheck Expansion Act’’. The following bills were ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 158, H.R. 455, H.R. 998, H.R. 1073, H.R. 1634, H.R. 2127, H.R. 2750, H.R. 2770, and H.R. 2843. The following bill was ordered reported, without amendment: H.R. 2786. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURES 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on 
Water, Power and Oceans held a hearing on H.R. 1107, the ‘‘Bureau of Reclamation Transparency Act’’; H.R. 1406, the ‘‘New Mexico Navajo Water Settlement Technical Corrections Act’’; H.R. 2273, to amend the Colorado River Storage Project Act to authorize the use of the active capacity of the Fontenelle Reservoir; H.R. 2749, the ‘‘Dam Author-ization, Maintenance, and Safety (DAMS) Act of 2015’’. Testimony was heard from Representatives Gosar and Lummis; Estevan Lopez, Commissioner, Bureau of Reclamation; Harry LaBonde, Director, Wyoming Water Development Office; and public witnesses. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURE 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on En-
ergy and Mineral Resources held a hearing on H.R. 1937, the ‘‘National Strategic and Critical Minerals 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:05 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25JN5.REC D25JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D775 June 25, 2015 
Production Act of 2015’’. Testimony was heard from 
Representative Amodei and public witnesses. 
IRS: TIGTA UPDATE PART II 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full 
Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘IRS: TIGTA Update Part II’’. Testimony was heard from Russell George, Inspector General, Treasury Inspector Gen-eral for Tax Administration; and Tim Camus, Dep-uty Inspector General for Investigations, Treasury In-spector General for Tax Administration. 
A REVIEW OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MAJOR 
LEASE PROCUREMENT 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-
committee on National Security held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘A Review of Veterans Affairs Major Lease Pro-curement’’. Testimony was heard from Jerry Cam-eron, Assistant County Administrator, St. Johns County, Florida; Stella Fiotes, Executive Director, Office of Construction and Facilities Management, Department of Veterans Affairs; Norbert Doyle, Chief Procurement and Logistics Officer, Veterans Health Administration, Department of Veterans Af-fairs; and Dave Wise, Director of the Physical Infra-structure Team, Government Accountability Office. 
IS NSF PROPERLY MANAGING ITS 
ROTATING STAFF? 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-
committee on Oversight; and Subcommittee on Re-search and Technology, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Is NSF Properly Managing Its Rotating Staff?’’. Testimony was heard from Allison Lerner, Inspector General, National Science Foundation; and Richard Buckius, Chief Operating Officer, National Science Foundation. 
GSA’S PROPOSED TRANSACTIONAL DATA 
RULE AND ITS EFFECT ON SMALL BUSINESSES 
Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Con-
tracting and Workforce held a hearing entitled ‘‘GSA’s Proposed Transactional Data Rule and its Ef-fect on Small Businesses’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
BUSINESS MEETING; THE STATE OF VA’S 
FISCAL YEAR 2015 BUDGET 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Full Committee held a 
business meeting regarding the Committee Photo for the 114th Congress; and a hearing entitled ‘‘The 
State of VA’s Fiscal Year 2015 Budget’’. Testimony was heard from Sloan Gibson, Deputy Secretary, De-partment of Veterans Affairs. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Eco-
nomic Opportunity held a markup on H.R. 1994, the ‘‘VA Accountability Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2344, the ‘‘Veterans Vocational Rehabilitation and Em-ployment Improvement Act of 2015’’; H.R 2360, the ‘‘Career-Ready Student Veterans Act’’; H.R. 356, the ‘‘Wounded Warrior Employment Improvement Act’’; H.R. 832, the ‘‘Veterans Employment and Training Service Longitudinal Study Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2275, the ‘‘Jobs for Veterans Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2361, the ‘‘Work-Study for Student Vet-erans Act’’. The following bills were forwarded to the full committee, as amended: H.R. 1994, H.R. 2344, and H.R. 2360. The following bills were for-warded to the full committee, without amendment: H.R. 356, H.R. 832, H.R. 2275, and H.R. 2361. 
PAST, PRESENT, AND FUTURE OF SNAP: 
HOW OUR WELFARE SYSTEM CAN DISCOURAGE WORK 
Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on 
Human Resources; and Subcommittee on Nutrition of the House Committee on Agriculture, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Past, Present, and Future of SNAP: How Our Welfare System Can Discourage Work’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, 
JUNE 26, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Strategic 
Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Assuring National Security Space: Investing in American Industry to End Reliance on Russian Rocket Engines’’, 9 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:05 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25JN5.REC D25JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD776 June 25, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
2:30 p.m., Tuesday, July 7 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will begin consideration of 
S. 1177, Every Child Achieves Act. 
At 5:30 p.m., Senate will begin consideration of the 
nomination of Kara Farnandez Stoll, of Virginia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Federal Circuit, and vote on confirmation of the nomination. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
2 p.m., Tuesday, July 7 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Barletta, Lou, Pa., E977 
Becerra, Xavier, Calif., E990 Bishop, Mike, Mich., E978 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E983, E993 Brady, Robert A., Pa., E980 Brown, Corrine, Fla., E985, E994 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E979 Carson, Andre ´, Ind., E985 
Carter, Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’, Ga., E981, E992 Carter, John R., Tex., E982 Clarke, Yvette D., N.Y., E986 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E987 Collins, Doug, Ga., E989 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E981, E985, E991 Crenshaw, Ander, Fla., E994 Culberson, John Abney, Tex., E977 Curbelo, Carlos, Fla., E987, E994 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E985, E995 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E975, E979 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E981 
Farr, Sam, Calif., E977 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E987, E990 Frelinghuysen, Rodney P., N.J., E976, E982, E987, E992 Griffith, H. Morgan, Va., E984 Guinta, Frank C., N.H., E985 Hensarling, Jeb, Tex., E975, E976 Huizenga, Bill, Mich., E978 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E984 Kind, Ron, Wisc., E977 LaMalfa, Doug, Calif., E983 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E980, E981, E983, E985, 
E986 
Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E991 MacArthur, Thomas, N.J., E980 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E990 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E983 Palazzo, Steven M., Miss., E992 Pelosi, Nancy, Calif., E988 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E987, E988, E991, E994 Pingree, Chellie, Me., E982 Poe, Ted, Tex., E982, E992 
Price, David E., N.C., E986, E988 Quigley, Mike, Ill., E989 Reichert, David G., Wash., E980 Rokita, Todd, Ind., E976 Roybal-Allard, Lucille, Calif., E979 Russell, Steve, Okla., E976, E985, E993 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E978 Sanchez, Loretta, Calif., E988 Scott, David, Ga., E994 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E979 Smith, Adam, Wash., E981 Smith, Adrian, Nebr., E984 Smith, Jason, Mo., E989 
Thompson, Mike, Calif., E989 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E975, E990 Waters, Maxine, Calif., E984, E993 Westmoreland, Lynn A., Ga., E981 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E987 Young, David, Iowa, E976, E983, E993 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:05 Jun 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D25JN5.REC D25JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST