Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H4547 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JUNE 23, 2015 No. 101 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
June 23, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable B LAKE  
FARENTHOLD to act as Speaker pro tempore 
on this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. 
f 
END HUNGER NOW 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, last 
Congress, we passed a new farm bill. As a member of the Agriculture Com-mittee, I could not support it, either in committee or on the House floor. I couldn’t support it because it cut SNAP, the Supplemental Nutrition As-sistance Program, our Nation’s premier antihunger program. I couldn’t support a bill that I believed made hunger worse in America. At the time, members of both parties 
offered many assurances that the changes to SNAP’s relationship with LIHEAP, the Low Income Home En-ergy Assistance Program, wouldn’t hurt SNAP recipients, that the changes were merely ‘‘closing a loophole’’ rath-er than a true benefit cut. 
I was skeptical of those assurances at 
the time—and with good reason. The Congressional Budget Office estimated that the change would reduce benefits for about 850,000 low-income house-holds by an average of $90 a month in the 14 States and the District of Co-lumbia that took advantage of a State option to link LIHEAP and SNAP. States chose to use this option to al-leviate some of the heartbreaking choices that poor families face. Seniors and the disabled are all too often the ones forced to choose between buying food or heating their homes or paying for their prescriptions. 
Throughout the farm bill process, 
antihunger advocates in the ‘‘heat and eat’’ States vigorously opposed the LIHEAP cuts to SNAP, saying their ef-fects would be much greater than the Congressional Budget Office estimates. I’m sorry to say they were right. These cuts are much more than just abstract numbers. We are starting to hear real stories from real people who are seeing their SNAP benefits cut. Hunger is worse in this country because of these cuts. 
Take Judy Beals, a disabled senior 
from Belleville, Wisconsin. Earlier this year, she saw her SNAP benefit cut from $120 a month to $16 a month. Let me repeat that, she now gets $16 a month in food assistance. That is it. That is unconscionable. How could anyone afford to feed themselves for a month on that? 
Ms. Beals says she is forced to eat 
just once a day now that her SNAP benefit has been cut as she tries to fig-ure out how to pay her other bills. To add insult to injury, Ms. Beals found out that her SNAP benefit had been 
cut at the register at the grocery store with a full cart of groceries. 
Mr. Speaker, Ms. Beals’ story is not 
unique. The Hunger Task Force in Mil-waukee estimates that, in Wisconsin alone, 255,000 families have seen their SNAP benefits reduced since the LIHEAP cuts went into effect. 
We are hearing similar stories in New 
Jersey, another State that did not ex-tend its heat and eat program. The Food Bank of South New Jersey esti-mates that 160,000 New Jersey residents have lost about $90 a month in SNAP benefits due to the farm bill cut. 
Now, to be fair, there are several 
States, including my home State of Massachusetts, that did the right thing and found a way, mostly with State funds, to make up the money lost by the LIHEAP cut in the farm bill. Re-publican and Democratic Governors stepped up and recognized that those already struggling to put food on the table would be worse off if they didn’t find a way to fix the cut. In those States that did not make up the money, we will continue to hear stories of people who have seen their SNAP benefit cut. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to serve on 
the House Agriculture Committee. Since the beginning of this Congress, the committee has been conducting a top-to-bottom review of the SNAP pro-gram. Now, I have no idea where these hearings are going and, once again, we have heard assurances that there will be no cuts in SNAP, but I have this sinking feeling in my stomach that these hearings are not leading to a place that is good for millions of strug-gling Americans. 
The fact is SNAP is a good program. 
It works. It is effective, and it is effi-cient. It is one of the most efficiently run Federal programs that exists, with an unbelievably low error rate. 
Instead of cutting SNAP or making 
other harmful policy changes, we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:08 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JN7.000 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4548 June 23, 2015 
should be strengthening the program. 
Democratic and Republican witnesses alike have testified before the Agri-culture Committee that the SNAP ben-efit is already too low. 
We have heard that the certification 
and recertification process is time-con-suming and onerous, especially for working families. We have heard about people who are eligible to get renewed benefits who fall off the program be-cause of these onerous, new require-ments. 
We have heard from charities that 
they cannot solve the problems of hun-ger on their own. Charities do incred-ible work, but they cannot meet the demand for food assistance. They need a strong Federal partner. 
We need better coordination among 
all stakeholders—Federal agencies, nonprofits, faith-based organizations, and businesses—to end hunger. That is why I have been advocating for a White House conference on food, nutrition, and hunger. We need a coordinated, ho-
listic plan to end hunger now. 
If we make further cuts to SNAP, we 
will no doubt hear more stories like Ms. Beals where those who are already struggling to put food on the table see their food assistance benefits cut. 
The bottom line, Mr. Speaker, is that 
we should not be making hunger worse in this country. We should end hunger now. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO JUAN 
FELIPE HERRERA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and pay tribute to Juan Felipe Herrera, who was re-cently appointed to serve as the United States Poet Laureate. 
The son of migrant farmworkers, Mr. 
Herrera is the first Latino American to be appointed to this position and has published more than a dozen short sto-ries, novels, and collections of poetry. 
In 2008, he was awarded the National 
Book Critics Circle Award, and in 2012 he was appointed California’s Poet Laureate. 
Never one to shy away from experi-
mentation, Mr. Herrera conducted a 2- year poetry project, entitled, ‘‘The Most Incredible and Biggest Poem on Unity in the World,’’ where California residents of all ages submit their writings on unity. The project resulted in a 170-page collection of poems on unity and how we as Americans can come together. 
A recent retiree from the University 
of California, Riverside, Mr. Herrera taught creative writing and worked with young people in the Inland Em-pire by creating an antibullying poetry project that allows kids affected by bullying to channel their feelings through poetry. Poetry, after all, is an incredibly powerful medium. 
In his work, ‘‘Let Me Tell You What 
a Poem Brings,’’ Herrera spoke of poet-ry’s impact, saying: Before you go further, 
let me tell you what a poem brings, first, you must know the secret, there is no 
poem 
to speak of, it is a way to attain a life with-
out boundaries, 
yes, it is that easy, a poem, imagine me tell-
ing you this, 
instead of going day by day against the ra-
zors, well, 
the judgments, all the tick-tock bronze, a 
leather jacket 
sizing you up, the fashion mall, for example, 
from 
the outside you think you are being enter-
tained, 
when you enter, things change, you get 
caught by surprise, 
your mouth goes sour, you get thirsty, your 
legs grow cold 
standing still in the middle of a storm, a 
poem, of course, 
is always open for business too, except, as 
you can see, 
it isn’t exactly business that pulls your spir-
it into 
the alarming waters, there you can bathe, 
you can play, 
you can even join in on the gossip—the mist, 
that is, 
the mist becomes central to your existence. 
As a former student of Juan Felipe 
Herrera’s, I offer my congratulations and know that he will continue to in-spire and move us with his words as our next Poet Laureate. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 10 
minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER 
Reverend Dr. Barry Black, Chaplain 
of the United States Senate, Wash-ington, D.C., offered the following prayer: 
Sovereign Lord, Your kingdom can-
not be shaken. 
Thank You for inviting us to ask and 
receive, to seek and find, and to knock for doors to open. Lord, forgive us when we forfeit our blessings because of our failure to ask. Remind us that we have not because we ask not. 
Inspire our lawmakers to harness 
prayer power continuously. May they follow Your admonition to pray with-out ceasing. Throughout this day, may they repeatedly ask You for wisdom and guidance. May their fervent pray-ers make a positive impact on the leg-islative process. 
We pray in Your great name. Amen. THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ) come forward and lead the 
House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota led the 
Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
CONGRATULATING JOE RAMSTAD 
(Mr. EMMER of Minnesota asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Joe Ramstad, a high school senior from Forest Lake, Minnesota. 
This impressive 18-year-old from my 
district was recently named the 2015 Star in Agriscience by the Minnesota Future Farmers of America for his work teaching a local agricultural lit-eracy program. 
Agriculture is a vital part of Min-
nesota’s economy, and we are depend-ent on these young men and women to ensure that agriculture remains a bright and thriving industry in our State. 
In the fall, Joe will be heading to the 
University of Minnesota with plans to work toward an agricultural education degree. Eventually, he hopes to work in an urban setting to educate students on a variety of agricultural opportuni-ties that exist. 
I applaud Joe and all Future Farmers 
of America for their interest and pas-sion in agriculture and Minnesota. 
Thank you, and congratulations on 
your recent honor, Joe. 
f 
HUMANE COSMETICS ACT 
(Mr. BEYER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today on a bill that Representatives M
CSALLY , CA´RDENAS , JOEHECK, and I 
have introduced, the Humane Cos-metics Act. 
The Humane Cosmetics Act would 
phase out the use of animal-based test-ing for cosmetic products. It will even-tually prohibit the sale of cosmetics tested on animals in foreign countries, making sure that only safe products tested with cutting-edge technology enter the American market. 
It is time for us to end the painful 
and completely unnecessary process of testing American cosmetics on ani-mals. Safer, more cost-effective, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:08 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.002 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4549 June 23, 2015 
completely humane alternatives al-
ready exist; and the United States is in no danger of losing its competitive role as a leader in the global cosmetics in-dustry. Now, we need to ensure our place as a moral leader. 
Over the last 20 years, cosmetics 
companies have reduced their use of animals for cosmetics testing in favor of more reliable, cost-effective, and technologically advanced methods that can more accurately predict whether cosmetics are safe for humans. 
Let’s not stay in the past. Let’s keep 
up with our peers. The Humane Cos-metics Act would match U.S. law to the European Union, Israel, and India and ensure that the American cos-metics industry can remain competi-tive in a changing global market. 
I urge my colleagues to cosponsor 
this bill. 
f 
REPEAL THE INDEPENDENT 
PAYMENT ADVISORY BOARD 
(Mrs. BLACK asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, in 2010, 
President Obama described his signa-ture healthcare law as ‘‘a new set of rules that treats everyone fairly and honestly.’’ 
But under President Obama’s Inde-
pendent Payment Advisory Board, also known as IPAB, a panel of 15 unelected bureaucrats would be tasked with cut-ting Medicare costs in a way that could deny care to seniors who need it the most. 
Now, I have been a nurse for over 40 
years, but you don’t have to be in health care as a professional to under-stand that there is nothing fair about that. Even Democrat Governor Howard Dean called IPAB ‘‘a healthcare ration-ing board’’ that should be scrapped. 
Mr. Speaker, no senior needs a Wash-
ington bureaucrat standing between them and their doctor. 
Vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 1190, and let’s re-
peal IPAB today. 
f 
IRAN NEGOTIATIONS 
(Mr. LOWENTHAL asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, the 
goal of the ongoing P5+1 negotiations is to guarantee that Iran never devel-ops a nuclear weapon. 
As Congress assesses the final deal, I 
am going to draw upon a recent publi-cation which is entitled, ‘‘Negotiations with Iran: Five Requirements for a Good Deal,’’ which details the fol-lowing five components: one, mecha-nisms supporting strong verification, including anytime, anywhere inspec-tions of all Iranian nuclear and mili-tary facilities; two, Iranian compliance with all U.N. resolutions and full dis-closure of its previous work toward nu-clear weapons; three, a schedule which lifts sanctions only as Iran meets the 
agreement’s obligations; four, must in-clude measures to prevent Iran from becoming a nuclear threshold state; and, lastly, requirements that Iran dis-mantle its nuclear weapon infrastruc-ture and relinquish its fissionable weapons material stockpile. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, June 19, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on June 19, 2015 at 2:22 p.m.: 
That the Senate passed S. 808. With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, June 23, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on June 23, 2015 at 11:02 a.m.: 
That the Senate passed with an amend-
ment H.R. 91. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, June 22, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on June 22, 2015 at 5:26 p.m.: 
That the Senate passed with an amend-
ment H.R. 1735. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. CONSUL GENERAL TOYOEI 
SHIGEEDA 
(Mr. TAKAI asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to talk about a very good friend of Ha-waii and a very good friend of mine, Consul General Toyoei Shigeeda. 
Consul General Shigeeda has been a 
tireless advocate for Japan and has been the glue that has held together a solid bond between Hawaii and Japan. 
I have known Consul General 
Shigeeda and his wife, Michiko, since they arrived in October of 2012. I have enjoyed many occasions with the con-sul general and Michiko at the numer-ous bon dances throughout Oahu. 
I recall inviting Consul General 
Shigeeda to the Aiea Hongwanji bon dance 2 years ago. We had a great time. More importantly, Consul General Shigeeda and I enjoyed spending many Friday and Saturday nights last year going to bon dances. He and Michiko are really great bon dancers. 
I also wanted to commend the consul 
general on his efforts to bridge the Pa-cific Ocean and bring together the leaders of Japan’s Diet with the mem-bers of the Hawaii State Legislature. This Japan-Hawaii Friendship Associa-tion will continue for many years and will continue to foster the great rela-tionship between Hawaii and Japan. 
I also wanted to thank Michiko. She 
has developed strong bonds with many Japanese organizations and has always been a great advocate for Japan. 
I wish them well, Mr. Speaker, for 
their service in Hawaii, and I wish them the very best in their future en-deavors. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 3 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 11 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1501 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ) at 3 o’clock and 
1 minute p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.004 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4550 June 23, 2015 
DOMAIN OPENNESS THROUGH CON-
TINUED OVERSIGHT MATTERS ACT OF 2015 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 805) to prohibit the National Telecommunications and Information Administration from relinquishing re-sponsibility over the Internet domain name system until the Comptroller General of the United States submits to Congress a report on the role of the NTIA with respect to such system, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 805 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Domain Open-
ness Through Continued Oversight Matters Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘DOTCOM Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. REQUIREMENTS FOR IANA STEWARDSHIP 
TRANSITION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Until the date that is 30 leg-
islative days after the submission to Congress of the report described in subsection (b), the Assist-ant Secretary may not permit the NTIA’s role in the performance of the Internet Assigned Num-bers Authority functions to terminate, lapse, be cancelled, or otherwise cease to be in effect. 
(b) R
EPORT DESCRIBED .—The report described 
in this subsection is a report that contains— 
(1) the proposal relating to the transition of 
the NTIA’s stewardship of the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority functions that was devel-oped in a process convened by ICANN at the re-quest of the NTIA; and 
(2) a certification by the Assistant Secretary 
that— 
(A) such proposal— (i) supports and enhances the multistake-
holder model of Internet governance; 
(ii) maintains the security, stability, and resil-
iency of the Internet domain name system; 
(iii) meets the needs and expectations of the 
global customers and partners of the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority services; 
(iv) maintains the openness of the Internet; 
and 
(v) does not replace the role of the NTIA with 
a government-led or intergovernmental organi-zation solution; and 
(B) the required changes to ICANN’s bylaws 
contained in the final report of ICANN’s Cross Community Working Group on Enhancing ICANN Accountability and the changes to ICANN’s bylaws required by ICANN’s IANA Stewardship Transition Coordination Group have been adopted. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A SSISTANT SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Assist-
ant Secretary’’ means the Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and Information. 
(2) ICANN.—The term ‘‘ICANN’’ means the 
Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers. 
(3) L
EGISLATIVE DAY .—The term ‘‘legislative 
day’’ does not include Saturdays, Sundays, legal public holidays, or days either House of Congress is adjourned for more than 3 days dur-ing a session of Congress. 
(4) NTIA.—The term ‘‘NTIA’’ means the Na-
tional Telecommunications and Information Ad-ministration. 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to 
provide for certain requirements relating to the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority stewardship transition.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Il-linois (Mr. S
HIMKUS ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P ALLONE ) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Illinois. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material in the R
ECORD  
on the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, today we are here to 
consider H.R. 805, the DOTCOM Act. I first introduced this legislation last Congress, and I am proud to see it brought to the floor today. The DOTCOM Act is a great example of what can get done when we work to-gether and build on the Energy and Commerce Committee’s growing record of legislative success. 
Mr. Speaker, as many of my col-
leagues know, from the time the ad-ministration announced their intent to transition the IANA functions, I have had serious concerns about the poten-tial risk associated with the move. I have said time and again that this is far too important to rush and that we must carefully consider all the poten-tial consequences and outcomes before any transition occurs. 
Mr. Speaker, my bill would require a 
period of 30 legislative days for us to review any proposal that NTIA receives from the multistakeholder community and ICANN. This allows us to hear from our constituents and consult with outside experts before we decide if ICANN’s proposal is satisfactory. If, in this review period allowed only through passage of the DOTCOM Act, we find that ICANN and/or its proposal does not adequately protect the free and open Internet, Congress can then take action to either completely stop the transfer or require more safeguards to be put in place. 
Additionally, and perhaps most im-
portantly, the DOTCOM Act requires NTIA to renew their contract to con-tinue these important stewardship functions with ICANN before it expires in September. Everyone agrees that the contract should remain with NTIA while this process moves forward. DOTCOM is the vehicle to make sure this does in fact happen. Extending the contract takes the pressure off of mak-ing a rushed transition and perhaps making mistakes. We get one bite at the apple on this, and we need to make sure it is done correctly. 
Mr. Speaker, before I relinquish my 
time, I want to say that I am very proud of the work that has been done on this bill in the Energy and Com-merce Committee, particularly by Chairmen U
PTON and W ALDEN and 
Ranking Members P ALLONE and E SHOO . 
We wouldn’t be here today without their hard work and also the work of staff, particularly Greta Joynes of my 
office and committee staff David Redl, Kelsey Guyselman, Margaret McCar-thy, David Goldman, and Tiffany Guarascio. 
Mr. Speaker, clearly, this is an issue 
that has brought both sides together for the best interests of all Americans. I ask my colleagues to support the pas-sage of H.R. 805, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 805, the Domain Openness Through Continued Oversight Matters, or DOTCOM, Act. I am pleased to sup-port this bill, and I want to commend my colleagues for the bipartisan proc-ess in the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee that brought us here. 
The Internet is a great American suc-
cess story that has benefited billions of users around the globe. Over the last two decades, the United States Govern-ment has taken steps to get out of the way and empower a bottom-up ap-proach to Internet governance. Thanks to the success of this multistakeholder model, the Internet has opened up new markets and economic opportunities and become an unprecedented platform for democratic free expression. 
Mr. Speaker, under both Republican 
and Democratic administrations, the U.S. Government has supported the idea that the Internet should be gov-erned through a decentralized process, free from governmental control. Since the late 1990s, the U.S. Government has moved towards private sector manage-ment of the domain name system. To put it another way, we think that the future of the Internet should be deter-mined by businesses, civil society, and technical experts. 
Congress has also explicitly em-
braced this vision. As recently as 2013, the House voted unanimously in sup-port of a bill making it official U.S. policy to ‘‘preserve and advance the successful multistakeholder model that governs the Internet.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, completing the transi-
tion of the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority advances that policy goal. The IANA transition reaffirms our two- decade commitment to the global multistakeholder community, but we have a responsibility to make sure that the transition is done right. 
The DOTCOM Act continues the 
longstanding congressional support for the global, open Internet while appro-priately conducting oversight of the National Telecommunications and In-formation Administration. We require 
NTIA to live up to the commitments the agency has made for the IANA transition and ensure that trans-parency and accountability mecha-nisms are in place before the U.S. Gov-ernment can relinquish its stewardship role. In short, I believe our bill pro-vides the necessary safeguards for the IANA transition to occur without un-necessary delay. 
Our vote on the DOTCOM Act today 
is timely for several reasons. Key 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.009 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4551 June 23, 2015 
meetings are taking place, as we speak, 
in Buenos Aires, Argentina, to finalize planning for the IANA transition. And quick action on the DOTCOM Act is needed to provide a better alternative to the language in the House Com-merce, Justice, Science Appropriations bill that blocks NTIA’s ability to im-plement the transition. Unlike the ap-propriations rider, the DOTCOM Act provides a real opportunity for con-gressional oversight, so I urge all my colleagues to support it. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank Chairmen U
PTON and W ALDEN , 
Representative S HIMKUS , and their re-
spective staffs, David Redl and Greta Joynes, for working with Congress-woman E
SHOO and other Democrats on 
this bill. The DOTCOM Act shows what we can accomplish when our work is bi-partisan from the start. I would also like to thank David Goldman and Mar-garet McCarthy of my staff for their hard work on this legislation. I look forward to working with you all and our colleagues in the Senate to see this bill become law. 
Mr. Speaker, I have no other speak-
ers. I urge passage of the DOTCOM Act. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support 
of H.R. 805, the DOTCOM Act. 
Over the past two decades, U.S. policy 
through Republican and Democratic adminis-trations has supported the transition of the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) to the private sector. The DOTCOM Act which passed the Energy and Commerce Committee by voice vote last week carries on this bipar-tisan tradition by ensuring that the IANA tran-sition supports and enhances the multi-stake-holder model of Internet governance; main-tains the security, stability, and resiliency of the Internet domain name system; and does not replace the role of the NTIA with a govern-ment-led or intergovernmental organization so-lution. 
Importantly, the DOTCOM Act as amended 
by the Committee, represents a sensible alter-native to the funding restriction included in the House-passed Commerce, Justice and Science (CJS) Appropriations bill. I look for-ward to working with my colleagues to see that the DOTCOM Act becomes the law of the land—rather than enacting a counter-
productive limitation of funds which sends the wrong message to the international commu-nity. 
I thank Chairman W
ALDEN , Ranking Member 
PALLONE and Congressman S HIMKUS for their 
bipartisan cooperation on this bill and I urge my colleagues to support the DOTCOM Act, which is a vote for the multi-stakeholder model of Internet governance and a global, open Internet, free from governmental control. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, right now as we 
speak, the international community is meeting in Argentina to discuss the state of the Inter-net around the globe. We have an opportunity today to send a loud and clear message to those gathered in Buenos Aires: that the United States will not stand for anything other than strong safeguards to protect our online future. 
By advancing the DOTCOM Act, we can en-
sure that the Internet—the world’s greatest platform of ideas, commerce, and social con-
nection—continues to thrive to the benefit of folks in Michigan and every corner of the country. 
As we move toward transitioning the United 
States’ oversight role of the Domain Name System to the international community of stakeholders, it is essential we tread carefully and thoughtfully. The bill we are considering today is a bipartisan effort to ensure appro-priate congressional oversight of this incredibly important transition, and ensure that the ad-ministration and NTIA get it right as there are no do-overs. 
Over the course of the past year, the En-
ergy and Commerce Committee has engaged in efforts to ensure that any transition proposal considered by the administration contains the necessary safeguards to protect the Internet. This bill incorporates the criteria initially put forward by NTIA, and requires the agency to certify to Congress that the proposal meets these important metrics. It would also put im-portant accountability measures in place for the Internet community. 
This legislation, which the Energy and Com-
merce Committee approved by voice vote, is the result of many informative hearings, feed-back from a variety of stakeholders—both do-mestically and internationally—and productive and ongoing conversations between members on both sides of the aisle. Once again, our committee’s efforts demonstrate that Congress can work together to achieve meaningful re-sults and build a bipartisan record of success. I want to recognize Mr. S
HIMKUS for his leader-
ship on this issue from the beginning, as well as Chairman W
ALDEN and Ranking Member 
PALLONE for their hard work on this common-
sense solution to protect the Internet on which we have come to depend. 
The world is watching. A vote for the 
DOTCOM Act is a vote for effective Congres-sional oversight. I urge all members to support this important legislation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
HIM-
KUS) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 805, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
TSCA MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2576) to modernize the Toxic Sub-stances Control Act, and for other pur-poses, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2576 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘TSCA Modernization Act of 2015’’. (b) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents of this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
Sec. 2. Definitions. Sec. 3. Testing of chemical substances and 
mixtures. 
Sec. 4. Regulation of hazardous chemical 
substances and mixtures. 
Sec. 5. Relationship to other Federal laws. Sec. 6. Disclosure of data. 
Sec. 7. Effect on State law. Sec. 8. Administration of the Act. Sec. 9. Conforming amendments. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 3 of the Toxic Substances Control 
Act (15 U.S.C. 2602) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (7) through 
(14) as paragraphs (8) through (10) and (12) through (16), respectively; 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (6) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(7) The term ‘intended conditions of use’ 
means the circumstances under which a chemical substance is intended, known, or reasonably foreseeable to be manufactured, processed, distributed in commerce, used, and disposed of.’’; and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (10), as so 
redesignated, the following: 
‘‘(11) The term ‘potentially exposed sub-
population’ means a group of individuals within the general population who, due to ei-ther greater susceptibility or greater poten-tial exposure, are likely to be at greater risk than the general population of adverse health effects from exposure to a chemical substance.’’. 
SEC. 3. TESTING OF CHEMICAL SUBSTANCES AND 
MIXTURES. 
Section 4 of the Toxic Substances Control 
Act (15 U.S.C. 2603) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(iii), by striking ‘‘; 
or’’ and inserting a semicolon; 
(B) in subparagraph (B)(iii), by striking ‘‘; 
and’’ and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) testing of a chemical substance is nec-
essary to conduct a risk evaluation under section 6(b); and’’; 
(2) in the matter following subsection 
(a)(2), by inserting ‘‘, order, or consent agree-ment’’ after ‘‘by rule’’; and 
(3) in subsection (b)(5), by striking ‘‘para-
graph (1)(A) or (1)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘para-graph (1)(A), (1)(B), or (1)(C)’’. 
SEC. 4. REGULATION OF HAZARDOUS CHEMICAL 
SUBSTANCES AND MIXTURES. 
(a) S COPE OF REGULATION .—Section 6(a) of 
the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2605(a)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘finds that there is a rea-
sonable basis to conclude’’ and inserting ‘‘de-termines under subsection (b)’’; 
(2) by inserting ‘‘or designates a chemical 
substance under subsection (i)(2),’’ before ‘‘the Administrator shall by rule’’; and 
(3) by striking ‘‘to protect adequately 
against such risk using the least burdensome requirements’’ and inserting ‘‘so that the chemical substance or mixture no longer pre-sents or will present an unreasonable risk, including an identified unreasonable risk to a potentially exposed subpopulation’’. 
(b) R
ISKEVALUATIONS .—Section 6(b) of the 
Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2605(b)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) R
ISKEVALUATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
conduct risk evaluations pursuant to this subsection to determine whether or not a chemical substance presents or will present, in the absence of requirements under sub-section (a), an unreasonable risk of injury to health or the environment. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLYING REQUIREMENTS .—The Admin-
istrator shall apply requirements with re-spect to a chemical substance through a rule 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.010 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4552 June 23, 2015 
under subsection (a) only if the Adminis-
trator determines through a risk evaluation under this subsection, without consideration of costs or other non-risk factors, that the chemical substance presents or will present, in the absence of such requirements, an un-reasonable risk of injury to health or the en-vironment. 
‘‘(3) C
ONDUCTING RISK EVALUATION .— 
‘‘(A) R EQUIRED RISK EVALUATIONS .—The Ad-
ministrator shall conduct and publish the re-sults of a risk evaluation under this sub-section for a chemical substance if— 
‘‘(i) the Administrator determines that the 
chemical substance may present an unrea-sonable risk of injury to health or the envi-ronment because of potential hazard and a potential route of exposure under the in-tended conditions of use; or 
‘‘(ii) a manufacturer of the chemical sub-
stance requests such a risk evaluation in a form and manner prescribed by the Adminis-trator. 
‘‘(B) TSCA 
WORK PLAN CHEMICALS .—The Ad-
ministrator may, without making a deter-mination under subparagraph (A)(i), conduct and publish the results of a risk evaluation under this subsection for a chemical sub-stance that, on the date of enactment of the TSCA Modernization Act of 2015, is listed in the TSCA Work Plan for Chemical Assess-ments published by the Administrator. 
‘‘(4) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In conducting a risk 
evaluation under this subsection, the Admin-istrator shall— 
‘‘(A) integrate and assess information on 
hazards and exposures for all of the intended conditions of use of the chemical substance, including information that is relevant to specific risks of injury to health or the envi-ronment and information on potentially ex-posed subpopulations; 
‘‘(B) not consider information on cost and 
other factors not directly related to health or the environment; 
‘‘(C) take into account, where relevant, the 
likely duration, intensity, frequency, and number of exposures under the intended con-ditions of use of the chemical substance; 
‘‘(D) describe the weight of the scientific 
evidence for identified hazard and exposure; 
‘‘(E) consider whether the weight of the 
scientific evidence supports the identifica-tion of doses of the chemical substance below which no adverse effects can be expected to occur; and 
‘‘(F) in the case of a risk evaluation re-
quested by a manufacturer under paragraph (3)(A)(ii), ensure that the costs to the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency, including contractor costs, of conducting the risk eval-
uation are paid for by the manufacturer. 
‘‘(5) D
EADLINES .— 
‘‘(A) R ISK EVALUATIONS .—The Adminis-
trator shall conduct and publish a risk eval-uation under this subsection for a chemical substance as soon as reasonably possible, subject to the availability of resources, but not later than— 
‘‘(i) 3 years after the date on which the Ad-
ministrator— 
‘‘(I) makes a determination under para-
graph (3)(A)(i); or 
‘‘(II) begins the risk evaluation under para-
graph (3)(B); or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a risk evaluation re-
quested by a manufacturer under paragraph (3)(A)(ii), 2 years after the later of the date on which— 
‘‘(I) the manufacturer requests the risk 
evaluation; or 
‘‘(II) if applicable, the risk evaluation is 
initiated pursuant to subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(B) D
EADLINE ADJUSTMENT .—If the Admin-
istrator receives more requests for risk eval-uations under paragraph (3)(A)(ii) than the Administrator has resources to conduct by the deadline under subparagraph (A)(ii)(I) (taking into account the requirement in 
paragraph (4)(F)), the Administrator shall— 
‘‘(i) initiate risk evaluations that exceed 
the Administrator’s allotted resources as soon as resources for such risk evaluations are available; and 
‘‘(ii) not collect a fee under section 26 from 
the manufacturer for a risk evaluation until the Administrator initiates the risk evalua-tion. 
‘‘(C) S
UBSECTION (a) RULES .—If, based on a 
risk evaluation conducted under this sub-section, the Administrator determines, with-out consideration of costs or other non-risk factors, that a chemical substance presents or will present, in the absence of a rule under subsection (a), an unreasonable risk of injury to health or the environment, the Adminis-trator shall— 
‘‘(i) propose a rule under subsection (a) for 
the chemical substance not later than 1 year after the date on which the risk evaluation regarding such chemical substance is pub-lished under subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(ii) publish in the Federal Register a final 
rule not later than 2 years after the date on which the risk evaluation regarding such chemical substance is published under sub-paragraph (A). 
‘‘(D) E
XTENSION .—If the Administrator de-
termines that additional information is nec-essary to make a risk evaluation determina-tion under this subsection, the Adminis-trator may extend the deadline under sub-paragraph (A) accordingly, except that the deadline may not be extended to a date that is later than— 
‘‘(i) 90 days after receipt of such additional 
information; or 
‘‘(ii) 2 years after the deadline being ex-
tended under this subparagraph. 
‘‘(6) D
ETERMINATIONS OF NO UNREASONABLE  
RISK.— 
‘‘(A) N OTICE AND COMMENT .—Not later than 
30 days before publishing a final determina-tion under this subsection that a chemical substance does not and will not present an unreasonable risk of injury to health or the environment, the Administrator shall make 
a preliminary determination to such effect and provide public notice of, and an oppor-tunity for comment regarding, such prelimi-nary determination. 
‘‘(B) P
OTENTIALLY EXPOSED SUBPOPULA -
TIONS .—The Administrator shall not make a 
determination under this subsection that a chemical substance will not present an un-reasonable risk of injury to health or the en-vironment if the Administrator determines that the chemical substance, under the in-tended conditions of use, presents or will present an unreasonable risk of injury to 1 or more potentially exposed subpopulations. 
‘‘(C) F
INAL ACTION .—A final determination 
under this subsection that a chemical sub-stance will not present an unreasonable risk of injury to health or the environment shall be considered a final agency action. 
‘‘(7) M
INIMUM NUMBER .—Subject to the 
availability of appropriations, the Adminis-trator shall initiate 10 or more risk evalua-tions under paragraphs (3)(A)(i) or (3)(B) in each fiscal year beginning in the fiscal year of the date of enactment of the TSCA Mod-ernization Act of 2015.’’. 
(c) P
ROMULGATION OF SUBSECTION (a) 
RULES .—Section 6(c) of the Toxic Substances 
Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2605(c)) is amended— 
(1) by amending paragraph (1) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(1) R EQUIREMENTS FOR RULE .—In promul-
gating any rule under subsection (a) with re-spect to a chemical substance or mixture, the Administrator shall— 
‘‘(A) consider and publish a statement with 
respect to— 
‘‘(i) the effects of the chemical substance 
or mixture on health and the magnitude of the exposure of human beings to the chem-
ical substance or mixture; 
‘‘(ii) the effects of the chemical substance 
or mixture on the environment and the mag-nitude of the exposure of the environment to the chemical substance or mixture; 
‘‘(iii) the benefits of the chemical sub-
stance or mixture for various uses; and 
‘‘(iv) the reasonably ascertainable eco-
nomic consequences of the rule, including consideration of the likely effect of the rule on the national economy, small business, technological innovation, the environment, and public health; 
‘‘(B) impose requirements under the rule 
that the Administrator determines, con-sistent with the information published under subparagraph (A), are cost-effective, except where the Administrator determines that ad-ditional or different requirements described in subsection (a) are necessary to protect against the identified risk; 
‘‘(C) based on the information published 
under subparagraph (A), in deciding whether to prohibit or restrict in a manner that sub-stantially prevents a specific use of a chem-ical substance or mixture and in setting an appropriate transition period for such ac-tion, determine whether technically and eco-nomically feasible alternatives that benefit health or the environment, compared to the use so proposed to be prohibited or re-stricted, will be reasonably available as a substitute when the proposed prohibition or other restriction takes effect; 
‘‘(D) exempt replacement parts designed 
prior to the date of publication in the Fed-
eral Register of the rule unless the Adminis-trator finds such replacement parts con-tribute significantly to the identified risk, including identified risk to identified poten-tially exposed subpopulations; and 
‘‘(E) in selecting among prohibitions and 
other restrictions to address an identified risk, apply prohibitions or other restrictions to articles on the basis of a chemical sub-stance or mixture contained in the article only to the extent necessary to protect against the identified risk.’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by inserting ‘‘P
ROCEDURES .—’’ before 
‘‘When prescribing a rule’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘provide an opportunity for 
an informal hearing in accordance with para-graph (3); (D)’’; 
(C) by striking ‘‘, and (E)’’ and inserting ‘‘; 
and (D)’’; and 
(D) by moving such paragraph 2 ems to the 
right; 
(3) by striking paragraphs (3) and (4) and 
redesignating paragraph (5) as paragraph (3); and 
(4) in paragraph (3) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking ‘‘Paragraphs (1), (2), (3), and 
(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘A
PPLICATION .—Para-
graphs (1) and (2)’’; and 
(B) by moving such paragraph 2 ems to the 
right. 
(d) E FFECTIVE DATE.—Section 6(d)(2)(B) of 
the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2605(d)(2)(B)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Any rule promulgated under subsection (a) shall provide for a reasonable transition period.’’. 
(e) N
ON-RISK FACTORS ; CRITICAL USEEX-
EMPTIONS ; PBT C HEMICALS .—Section 6 of the 
Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2605) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(g) N
ON-RISK FACTORS .—The Adminis-
trator shall not consider costs or other non- risk factors when deciding whether to ini-tiate a rulemaking under subsection (a). 
‘‘(h) C
RITICAL USEEXEMPTIONS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JN7.005 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4553 June 23, 2015 
‘‘(1) C RITERIA FOR EXEMPTION .—The Admin-
istrator may grant an exemption from a re-quirement of a subsection (a) rule for a spe-cific use of a chemical substance or mixture, if— 
‘‘(A) the requirement is not cost-effective 
with respect to the specific use, as deter-mined by the Administrator pursuant to sub-section (c)(1)(B); and 
‘‘(B) the Administrator finds that— ‘‘(i) the specific use is a critical or essen-
tial use; or 
‘‘(ii) the requirement, as applied with re-
spect to the specific use, would significantly disrupt the national economy, national secu-rity, or critical infrastructure. 
‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURE .—An exemption granted 
under paragraph (1) shall be— 
‘‘(A) supported by clear and convincing evi-
dence; 
‘‘(B) preceded by public notice of the pro-
posed exemption and an opportunity for comment; and 
‘‘(C) followed by notice of the granted ex-
emption— 
‘‘(i) to the public, by the Administrator; 
and 
‘‘(ii) to known commercial purchasers of 
the chemical substance or mixture with re-spect to which the exemption applies, by the manufacturers and processors of such chem-ical substance or mixture. 
‘‘(3) P
ERIOD OF EXEMPTION .—An exemption 
granted under paragraph (1) shall expire after a period not to exceed 5 years, but may be renewed for one or more additional 5-year periods if the Administrator finds that the requirements of paragraph (1) continue to be met. 
‘‘(4) C
ONDITIONS .—The Administrator shall 
impose conditions on any use for which an exemption is granted under paragraph (1) to reduce risk from the chemical substance or mixture to the greatest extent feasible. 
‘‘(i) C
HEMICALS THATAREPERSISTENT , BIO-
ACCUMULATIVE , ANDTOXIC.— 
‘‘(1) I DENTIFICATION .—Not later than 9 
months after the date of enactment of the TSCA Modernization Act of 2015, the Admin-istrator shall publish a list of those chemical substances that the Administrator has a rea-sonable basis to conclude are persistent, bio-accumulative, and toxic, not including any chemical substance that is a metal, a metal compound, or subject to subsection (e). 
‘‘(2) C
ONFIRMATION OF CONCERN .—Not later 
than 2 years after the date of enactment of the TSCA Modernization Act of 2015, the Ad-ministrator shall designate as a PBT chem-ical of concern each chemical substance on the list published under paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) that, with respect to persistence and 
bioaccumulation, scores high for one and ei-ther high or moderate for the other, pursu-ant to the TSCA Work Plan Chemicals Meth-ods Document published by the Adminis-trator in February 2012; and 
‘‘(B) exposure to which is likely to the gen-
eral population or to a potentially exposed subpopulation identified by the Adminis-trator. 
‘‘(3) E
XPEDITED ACTION .—Notwithstanding 
subsection (b)(2), subject to the availability of appropriations, not later than 2 years after designating a chemical substance under paragraph (2), the Administrator shall pro-mulgate a rule under subsection (a) with re-spect to the chemical substance to reduce likely exposure to the extent practicable. 
‘‘(4) R
ELATIONSHIP TO SUBSECTION (b).—If, 
at any time prior to the date that is 90 days after the date on which the Administrator publishes the list under paragraph (1), the Administrator makes a finding under sub-section (b)(3)(A)(i), or a manufacturer re-quests a risk evaluation under subsection (b)(3)(A)(ii), with respect to a chemical sub-stance, such chemical substance shall not be 
subject to this subsection.’’. 
SEC. 5. RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER FEDERAL 
LAWS. 
Section 9(b) of the Toxic Substances Con-
trol Act (15 U.S.C. 2608(b)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘The Administrator shall 
coordinate’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) The Adminis-trator shall coordinate’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(2) In making a determination under 
paragraph (1) that it is in the public interest for the Administrator to take an action under this title with respect to a chemical substance or mixture rather than under an-other law administered in whole or in part by the Administrator, the Administrator shall consider the relevant risks, and com-pare the estimated costs and efficiencies, of the action to be taken under this title and an action to be taken under such other law to protect against such risk.’’. 
SEC. 6. DISCLOSURE OF DATA. 
Section 14 of the Toxic Substances Control 
Act (15 U.S.C. 2613) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of para-
graph (3); 
(B) by striking the period at the end of 
paragraph (4) and inserting a semicolon; and 
(C) by adding after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing new paragraphs: 
‘‘(5) may be disclosed to a State, local, or 
tribal government official upon request of the official for the purpose of administration or enforcement of a law; and 
‘‘(6) shall be disclosed upon request— ‘‘(A) to a health or environmental profes-
sional employed by a Federal or State agen-cy in response to an environmental release; or 
‘‘(B) to a treating physician or other 
health care professional to assist in the diag-nosis or treatment of 1 or more individ-uals.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)(1), in the matter fol-
lowing subparagraph (B)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘data which discloses’’ and 
inserting ‘‘data that disclose formulas (in-cluding molecular structures) of a chemical substance or mixture,’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘mixture or,’’ and inserting 
‘‘mixture, or,’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘the release of data dis-
closing’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking the subsection heading and 
inserting ‘‘D
ESIGNATING AND SUBSTANTIATING  
CONFIDENTIALITY .—’’; 
(B) by amending paragraph (1) to read as 
follows: ‘‘(1)(A) In submitting information under this Act after date of enactment of the TSCA Modernization Act of 2015, a manufac-turer, processor, or distributor in commerce shall designate the information which such person believes is entitled to protection under this section, and submit such des-ignated information separately from other information submitted under this Act. A des-ignation under this subparagraph shall be made in writing and in such manner as the Administrator may prescribe, and shall in-clude— 
‘‘(i) justification for each designation of 
confidentiality; 
‘‘(ii) a certification that the information is 
not otherwise publicly available; and 
‘‘(iii) separate copies of all submitted in-
formation, with 1 copy containing and 1 copy excluding the information to which the re-quest applies. 
‘‘(B) Designations made under subpara-
graph (A) after the date of enactment of the TSCA Modernization Act of 2015 shall expire after 10 years, at which time the information shall be made public unless the manufac-turer, processor, or distributor in commerce has reasserted the claim for protection, in 
writing and in such manner as the Adminis-trator may prescribe, including all of the elements required for the initial submission. 
‘‘(C) Not later than 60 days prior to making 
information public under subparagraph (B), the Administrator shall notify, as appro-priate and practicable, the manufacturer, processor, or distributor in commerce who designated the information under subpara-graph (A) of the date on which such informa-tion will be made public unless a request for renewal is granted under subparagraph (B).’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, for 
a reason other than the expiration of such designation pursuant to paragraph (1)(B),’’ before ‘‘proposes to release’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)(i), by striking ‘‘or 
(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘(4), or (6)’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following new 
subsections: 
‘‘(f) P
ROHIBITION .—No person who receives 
information as permitted under subsection (a) may use such information for any pur-pose not specified in such subsection, nor disclose such information to any person not authorized to receive such information. 
‘‘(g) S
AVINGS .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to affect the applicability of State or Federal rules of evidence or pro-cedure in any judicial proceeding.’’. 
SEC. 7. EFFECT ON STATE LAW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 18(a) of the Toxic 
Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2617(a)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘; and’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(2) by striking paragraph (2)(B) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(B) if the Administrator makes a final de-
termination under section 6(b) that a chem-
ical substance will not present an unreason-able risk of injury to health or the environ-ment under the intended condition of use, no State or political subdivision may, after the date of publication of such determination, establish or continue in effect any require-ment that applies to such chemical sub-stance under the intended conditions of use considered by the Administrator in the risk evaluation under section 6(b), and is designed to protect against exposure to such chemical substance under the intended conditions of use, unless the requirement of the State or political subdivision— 
‘‘(i) is adopted under the authority of a 
Federal law; or 
‘‘(ii) is adopted to protect air or water 
quality or is related to waste treatment or waste disposal, except that this clause does not apply to such a requirement if a provi-sion of this title, or an action or determina-tion made by the Administrator under this title, actually conflicts with the require-ment; and 
‘‘(C) if the Administrator imposes a re-
quirement, through a rule or order under section 5 or 6, that applies to a chemical sub-stance or mixture (other than a requirement described in section 6(a)(6)) and is designed to protect against a risk of injury to health or the environment associated with such chemical substance or mixture, no State or political subdivision may, after the effective date of such requirement, establish or con-tinue in effect any requirement that applies to such chemical substance or mixture (in-cluding a requirement that applies to an ar-ticle because the article contains the chem-ical substance or mixture) and is designed to protect against exposure to the chemical substance or mixture either under the in-tended conditions of use considered by the Administrator in the risk evaluation under section 6(b) or from a use identified in a no-tice received by the Administrator under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JN7.005 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4554 June 23, 2015 
section 5(a), or, in the case of a requirement 
imposed pursuant to section 6(i), is designed to protect against a risk of injury considered by the Administrator in imposing such re-quirement, unless the requirement of the State or political subdivision— 
‘‘(i) is identical to the requirement im-
posed by the Administrator; 
‘‘(ii) is adopted under the authority of a 
Federal law; or 
‘‘(iii) is adopted to protect air or water 
quality or is related to waste treatment or waste disposal, except that this clause does not apply to such a requirement if a provi-sion of this title, or an action or determina-tion made by the Administrator under this title, actually conflicts with the require-ment.’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) In the case of an identical requirement 
described in paragraph (2)(C)(i)— 
‘‘(A) a State may not assess a penalty for 
a specific violation for which the Adminis-trator has assessed a penalty under section 16; and 
‘‘(B) if a State has assessed a penalty for a 
specific violation, the Administrator may not assess a penalty for that violation in an amount that would cause the total of the penalties assessed for the violation by the State and the Administrator combined to ex-ceed the maximum amount that may be as-sessed for that violation by the Adminis-trator under section 16.’’. 
(b) S
AVINGS .—Section 18 of the Toxic Sub-
stances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2617) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) S
AVINGS .— 
‘‘(1) P RIOR STATE ACTIONS .—Nothing in this 
title, nor any risk evaluation, rule, order, standard, or requirement completed or im-plemented under this title, shall be con-strued to preempt or otherwise affect the au-thority of a State or political subdivision of a State to continue to enforce any action taken or requirement that has taken effect— 
‘‘(A) before August 1, 2015, under the au-
thority of a State law that prohibits or oth-erwise restricts the manufacturing, proc-essing, distribution in commerce, use, or dis-posal of a chemical substance; or 
‘‘(B) pursuant to a State law that was in 
effect on August 31, 2003, 
unless an action or determination made by 
the Administrator under this title actually conflicts with the action taken or require-ment that has taken effect pursuant to such a State law. 
‘‘(2) T
ORT AND CONTRACT LAW .—Nothing in 
this title, nor any risk evaluation, rule, order, standard, or requirement completed or implemented under this title, shall be con-strued to preempt or otherwise affect either Federal or State tort law or the law gov-erning the interpretation of contracts of any State, including any remedy for civil relief, whether under statutory or common law, in-cluding a remedy for civil damages, and any cause of action for personal injury, wrongful death, property damage, or other injury based on negligence, strict liability, prod-ucts liability, failure to warn, or any other legal theory relating to tort law. 
‘‘(3) I
NTENT OF CONGRESS .—It is not the in-
tent of Congress that this title, or rules, reg-ulations, or orders issued pursuant to this title, be interpreted as influencing, in either a plaintiff’s or defendant’s favor, the disposi-tion of any civil action for damages in a State court, or the authority of any court to make a determination in an adjudicatory proceeding under applicable State law with respect to the admissibility of evidence, un-less a provision of this title actually con-flicts with the State court action. 
‘‘(4) A
PPLICATION .—For purposes of this 
title, the term ‘requirements’ does not in-clude civil tort actions for damages under 
State law.’’. 
(c) E FFECT OF ACTIONS BY ADMINIS -
TRATOR .—Nothing in this Act, or the amend-
ments made by this Act, shall be construed as changing the preemptive effect of an ac-tion taken by the Administrator prior to the date of enactment of this Act or under sec-tion 6(e). 
SEC. 8. ADMINISTRATION OF THE ACT. 
Section 26 of the Toxic Substances Control 
Act (15 U.S.C. 2625) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘of a reasonable fee’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘of a fee that is sufficient 
and not more than reasonably necessary’’ after ‘‘section 4 or 5’’; 
(C) by inserting ‘‘, or who requests a risk 
evaluation under section 6(b)(3)(A)(ii),’’ be-fore ‘‘to defray the cost’’; 
(D) by striking ‘‘this Act’’ and inserting 
‘‘the provision of this title for which such fee is collected’’; and 
(E) by striking ‘‘Such rules shall not pro-
vide for any fee in excess of $2,500 or, in the case of a small business concern, any fee in excess of $100.’’ and inserting ‘‘Such rules shall provide for lower fees for small busi-ness concerns.’’; 
(2) by adding at the end of subsection (b) 
the following: 
‘‘(3) F
UND.— 
‘‘(A) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
in the Treasury of the United States a re-volving fund, to be known as the TSCA Serv-ice Fee Fund (in this paragraph referred to as the ‘Fund’), consisting of such amounts as are deposited in the Fund under this para-graph. 
‘‘(B) C
OLLECTION AND DEPOSIT OF FEES .— 
The Administrator shall collect the fees de-scribed in paragraph (1) and deposit those fees in the Fund. 
‘‘(C) C
REDITING AND AVAILABILITY OF  
FEES.—On request by the Administrator, the 
Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer from the Fund to the Administrator amounts appropriated to pay or recover the full costs incurred by the Environmental Protection Agency, including contractor costs, in carrying out the provisions of this title for which the fees are collected under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(D) U
SE OF FUNDS BY ADMINISTRATOR .— 
Fees authorized under this section shall be collected and available for obligation only to the extent and in the amount provided in ad-vance in appropriations Acts, and shall be available without fiscal year limitation for use only in administering the provisions of this title for which the fees are collected. 
‘‘(E) A
CCOUNTING AND AUDITING .— 
‘‘(i) A CCOUNTING .—The Administrator shall 
biennially prepare and submit to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives a report that includes an accounting of the fees paid to the Administrator under this paragraph and amounts disbursed from the Fund for the period covered by the report, as reflected by financial statements provided in accordance with sections 3515 and 3521 of title 31, United States Code. 
‘‘(ii) A
UDITING .— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—For the purpose of sec-
tion 3515(c) of title 31, United States Code, the Fund shall be considered a component of a covered executive agency. 
‘‘(II) C
OMPONENTS OF AUDIT .—The annual 
audit required in accordance with sections 3515 and 3521 of title 31, United States Code, of the financial statements of activities car-ried out using amounts from the Fund shall include an analysis of— 
‘‘(aa) the fees collected and amounts dis-
bursed under this subsection; ‘‘(bb) the reasonableness of the fees in 
place as of the date of the audit to meet cur-rent and projected costs of administering the provisions of the title for which the fees are collected; and 
‘‘(cc) the number of requests for a risk 
evaluation made by manufacturers under section 6(b)(3)(A)(ii). 
‘‘(III) F
EDERAL RESPONSIBILITY .—The In-
spector General of the Environmental Pro-tection Agency shall conduct the annual audit described in subclause (II) and submit to the Administrator a report that describes the findings and any recommendations of the Inspector General resulting from the audit.’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) S
CIENTIFIC STANDARDS .—In carrying 
out sections 4, 5, and 6, to the extent that the Administrator makes a decision based on science, the Administrator shall consider, as applicable— 
‘‘(1) the extent to which the scientific and 
technical procedures, measures, methods, or models employed to generate the informa-tion are reasonable for and consistent with the use of the information; 
‘‘(2) the extent to which the information is 
relevant for the Administrator’s use in mak-ing a decision about a chemical substance or mixture; 
‘‘(3) the degree of clarity and completeness 
with which the data, assumptions, methods, quality assurance, and analyses employed to generate the information are documented; 
‘‘(4) the extent to which the variability and 
uncertainty in the information, or in the procedures, measures, methods, or models, are evaluated and characterized; and 
‘‘(5) the extent of independent verification 
or peer review of the information or of the procedures, measures, methods, or models. 
‘‘(i) W
EIGHT OF SCIENTIFIC EVIDENCE .—The 
Administrator shall make decisions under sections 4, 5, and 6 based on the weight of the scientific evidence. 
‘‘(j) A
VAILABILITY OF INFORMATION .—Sub-
ject to section 14, the Administrator shall 
make available to the public all notices, de-terminations, findings, rules, and orders of the Administrator under this title. 
‘‘(k) P
OLICIES , P ROCEDURES , AND GUID-
ANCE .— 
‘‘(1) D EVELOPMENT .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of the TSCA Modernization Act of 2015, the Administrator shall develop any policies, procedures, and guidance the Administrator determines are necessary to carry out the amendments to this Act made by the TSCA Modernization Act of 2015. 
‘‘(2) R
EVIEW .—Not later than 5 years after 
the date of enactment of the TSCA Mod-ernization Act of 2015, and not less fre-quently than once every 5 years thereafter, the Administrator shall— 
‘‘(A) review the adequacy of the policies, 
procedures, and guidance developed under paragraph (1), including with respect to ani-mal, nonanimal, and epidemiological test methods and procedures for assessing and de-termining risk under this title; and 
‘‘(B) revise such policies, procedures, and 
guidance as the Administrator determines necessary to reflect new scientific develop-ments or understandings. 
‘‘(l) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— 
‘‘(1) I NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 6 
months after the date of enactment of the TSCA Modernization Act of 2015, the Admin-istrator shall submit to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittees on Environment and Public Works and Appropriations of the Senate a report containing an estimation of— 
‘‘(A) the capacity of the Environmental 
Protection Agency to conduct and publish 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JN7.005 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4555 June 23, 2015 
risk evaluations under subparagraphs (A)(i) 
and (B) of section 6(b)(3), and the resources necessary to initiate the minimum number of risk evaluations required under section 6(b)(7); 
‘‘(B) the capacity of the Environmental 
Protection Agency to conduct and publish risk evaluations under section 6(b)(3)(A)(ii), the likely demand for such risk evaluations, and the anticipated schedule for accommo-dating that demand; 
‘‘(C) the capacity of the Environmental 
Protection Agency to promulgate rules under section 6(a) as required based on risk evaluations conducted and published under section 6(b); and 
‘‘(D) the actual and anticipated efforts of 
the Environmental Protection Agency to in-crease the Agency’s capacity to conduct and publish risk evaluations under section 6(b). 
‘‘(2) S
UBSEQUENT REPORTS .—The Adminis-
trator shall update and resubmit the report described in paragraph (1) not less frequently than once every 5 years.’’. 
SEC. 9. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) S ECTION 4.—Section 4 of the Toxic Sub-
stances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2603) is amend-ed— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘rule’’ 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘rule, order, or consent agreement’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘rules’’ 
and inserting ‘‘rules, orders, and consent agreements’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘rule’’ 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘rule, order, or consent agreement’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (4)— (i) by striking ‘‘rule under subsection (a)’’ 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘rule, order, or consent agreement under sub-section (a)’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘repeals the rule’’ each 
place it appears and inserting ‘‘repeals the rule or order or modifies the consent agree-ment to terminate the requirement’’; and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘repeals the application of 
the rule’’ and inserting ‘‘repeals or modifies the application of the rule, order, or consent agreement’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘rule’’ and 
inserting ‘‘rule or order’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘a rule 
under subsection (a) or for which data is being developed pursuant to such a rule’’ and inserting ‘‘a rule, order, or consent agree-ment under subsection (a) or for which data are being developed pursuant to such a rule, order, or consent agreement’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘such 
rule or which is being developed pursuant to such rule’’ and inserting ‘‘such rule, order, or consent agreement or which is being devel-oped pursuant to such rule, order, or consent agreement’’; and 
(iii) in the matter following subparagraph 
(B), by striking ‘‘the rule’’ and inserting ‘‘the rule or order’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘rule 
promulgated’’ and inserting ‘‘rule, order, or consent agreement’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (4)— (i) by striking ‘‘rule promulgated’’ each 
place it appears and inserting ‘‘rule, order, or consent agreement’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘such rule’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘such rule, order, or consent agreement’’; and 
(iii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘the 
rule’’ and inserting ‘‘the rule, order, or con-sent agreement’’; 
(3) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘rule’’ and 
inserting ‘‘rule, order, or consent agree-ment’’; and (4) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘rule’’ and 
inserting ‘‘rule, order, or consent agree-ment’’. 
(b) S
ECTION 5.—Section 5 of the Toxic Sub-
stances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2604) is amend-ed— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A)— (i) by striking ‘‘rule promulgated’’ and in-
serting ‘‘rule, order, or consent agreement’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘such rule’’ and inserting 
‘‘such rule, order, or consent agreement’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1)(B)— (i) by striking ‘‘rule promulgated’’ and in-
serting ‘‘rule or order’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘the date of the submission 
in accordance with such rule’’ and inserting ‘‘the required date of submission’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (2)(A)(ii), by striking 
‘‘rule promulgated’’ and inserting ‘‘rule, order, or consent agreement’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)(2)(C), by striking 
‘‘rule’’ and inserting ‘‘rule, order, or consent agreement’’; and 
(3) in subsection (h)(4), by striking ‘‘para-
graphs (2) and (3) of section 6(c)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraph (2) of section 6(c)’’. 
(c) S
ECTION 6.—Section 6 of the Toxic Sub-
stances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2605) is amend-ed— 
(1) in subsection (d)(2)(B)— (A) by striking ‘‘, provide reasonable op-
portunity, in accordance with paragraphs (2) and (3) of subsection (c), for a hearing on such rule,’’ and inserting ‘‘in accordance with paragraph (2) of subsection (c),’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘; and if such a hearing is 
requested’’ and all that follows through ‘‘or revoke it.’’ and inserting a period; and 
(2) in subsection (e)(4), by striking ‘‘para-
graphs (2), (3), and (4) of subsection (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2) of subsection (c)’’. 
(d) S
ECTION 7.—Section 7(a)(1) of the Toxic 
Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2606(a)(1)) is amended, in the matter following subpara-graph (C), by striking ‘‘a rule under section 4, 5, 6, or title IV or an order under section 5 or title IV’’ and inserting ‘‘a rule under section 4, 5, or 6 or title IV, an order under section 4 or 5 or title IV, or a consent agree-ment under section 4’’. 
(e) S
ECTION 8.—Section 8(a)(3)(A)(ii)(I) of 
the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2607(a)(3)(A)(ii)(I)) is amended by striking ‘‘or an order in effect under section 5(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘, an order in effect under section 4 or 5(e), or a consent agreement under sec-tion 4’’. 
(f) S
ECTION 9.—Section 9(a) of the Toxic 
Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2608(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 6’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘section 6(a)’’. 
(g) S
ECTION 11.—Section 11(b)(2)(E) of the 
Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2610(b)(2)(E)) is amended by striking ‘‘rule promulgated’’ and inserting ‘‘rule promul-gated, order issued, or consent agreement en-tered into’’. 
(h) S
ECTION 15.—Section 15(1) of the Toxic 
Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2614(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘(A) any rule’’ and all that follows through ‘‘or (D)’’ and inserting ‘‘any requirement of this title or any rule promulgated, order issued, or consent agree-ment entered into under this title, or’’. 
(i) S
ECTION 18.—Section 18(a)(2)(A) of the 
Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2617(a)(2)(A)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘rule promulgated’’ and in-
serting ‘‘rule, order, or consent agreement’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘such rule’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘such rule, order, or consent agreement’’. 
(j) S
ECTION 19.—Section 19 of the Toxic 
Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2618) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— 
(A) in paragraph (1)(A)— (i) by striking ‘‘(A) Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the promulgation of a rule’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than 60 days after the date on which a rule is promulgated’’; 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘or the date on which an 
order is issued under section 4,’’ before ‘‘any person’’; 
(iii) by striking ‘‘such rule’’ and inserting 
‘‘such rule or order’’; and 
(iv) by striking ‘‘such a rule’’ and inserting 
‘‘such a rule or order’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (1)(B); (C) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the rule’’ 
and inserting ‘‘the rule or order’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the 
rule’’ and inserting ‘‘the rule or order’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘a rule 
under section 4(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘a rule or order under section 4(a)’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘such 
rule’’ and inserting ‘‘such rule or order’’; 
(iv) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘such 
rule’’ and inserting ‘‘such rule or order’’; and 
(v) in subparagraph (E)— (I) by striking ‘‘to such rule’’ and inserting 
‘‘to such rule or order’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘the date of the promulga-
tion of such rule’’ and inserting ‘‘the date on which such rule is promulgated or such order is issued’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘review a rule’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘review a rule, or an order under section 4,’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘such rule’’ and inserting 
‘‘such rule or order’’; 
(C) by striking ‘‘the rule’’ and inserting 
‘‘the rule or order’’; 
(D) by striking ‘‘new rule’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘new rule or order’’; and 
(E) by striking ‘‘modified rule’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘modified rule or order’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘a rule’’ and inserting ‘‘a 
rule, or an order under section 4’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘such rule’’ and inserting 
‘‘such rule or order’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘a rule’’ and inserting ‘‘a rule or order’’; 
(II) in clause (i)— (aa) by inserting ‘‘or an order under sec-
tion 4,’’ before ‘‘the standard for review’’; 
(bb) by striking ‘‘such rule’’ and inserting 
‘‘such rule or order’’; 
(cc) by striking ‘‘the rule’’ and inserting 
‘‘the rule or order’’; and 
(dd) by striking the semicolon and insert-
ing ‘‘; and’’; and 
(III) by striking clause (ii) and redesig-
nating clause (iii) as clause (ii); and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘any rule’’ 
and inserting ‘‘any rule or order’’. 
(k) S
ECTION 20.—Section 20(a)(1) of the 
Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2619(a)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘order issued under section 5’’ and inserting ‘‘order issued under section 4 or 5’’. 
(l) S
ECTION 21.—Section 21 of the Toxic 
Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2620) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘order 
under section 5(e) or (6)(b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘order under section 4 or 5(e)’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘order 
under section 5(e), 6(b)(1)(A), or 6(b)(1)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘order under section 4 or 5(e)’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4)(B)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JN7.005 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4556 June 23, 2015 
(i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘order under section 5(e) or 6(b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘order under section 4 or 5(e)’’; 
(ii) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘order under 
section 5(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘order under sec-tion 4 or 5(e)’’; and 
(iii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘or an order 
under section 6(b)(2)’’. 
(m) S
ECTION 24.—Section 24(b)(2)(B) of the 
Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2623(b)(2)(B)) is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause 
(i); 
(2) by striking clause (ii); and (3) by redesignating clause (iii) as clause 
(ii). 
(n) S
ECTION 27.—Section 27(a) of the Toxic 
Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2626(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘rules promulgated’’ and inserting ‘‘rules, orders, or consent agreements’’. 
(o) S
ECTION 30.—Section 30(2) of the Toxic 
Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2629(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘rule’’ and inserting ‘‘rule, order, or consent agreement’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Il-linois (Mr. S
HIMKUS ) and the gentleman 
from New Jersey (Mr. P ALLONE ) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Illinois. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SHIMKUS. I ask unanimous con-
sent that all Members may have 5 leg-islative days in which to revise and ex-tend their remarks and insert extra-neous materials in the R
ECORD on the 
bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, the TSCA Moderniza-
tion Act has been a long time in com-ing. We actually started work on this bill in the last Congress. We held a total of eight hearings and received testimony from a broad range of stake-holders, including the administration; but most importantly, we worked with each other, Member to Member, across the aisle. 
The bill before you, Mr. Speaker, re-
flects lessons learned over the course of the last 3 years in which we worked on TSCA reform. First, the bill is clear and understandable. Despite the highly technical nature of chemical regula-tion, Members can pick up this bill, read it from beginning to end, and un-derstand what it does and how it works. 
Second, the bill does not try to be all 
things for all people. Major sections of TSCA are not amended at all. For ex-ample, we leave the process for new chemical review in TSCA section 5 un-changed because it is working pretty well right now, and changes could make it worse. 
The heart of the bill is our approach 
to regulating chemicals already on the market. Thousands of these chemicals have been in commerce for many years, and they pose no known risks and real-ly don’t need to be regulated at all. We leave those alone. But we do allow some existing chemicals to be scientif-
ically evaluated for risk and, if nec-essary, to have that risk managed through a rule by the EPA. 
Chemicals may be chosen for risk 
evaluation in one of two ways: either EPA may select a chemical for risk evaluation based on what EPA knows may pose an unreasonable risk, or the manufacturer may designate a chem-ical for EPA to evaluate for risk. 
Now, why would a manufacturer in-
vite EPA scrutiny of its product? There are several reasons. First, some inter-est or even a retailer may be raising concerns about a product, and the man-ufacturer wants to put those concerns to rest. Or one or two States may be thinking about regulating the chem-ical. The State-by-State approach can spell disaster for someone trying to capture economies of scale in a na-tional market. 
What better way to put these con-
cerns to rest than to have EPA, with the scientific standards that we re-quire, perform an objective risk eval-uation? Then the EPA decision on that chemical will apply in all the States, and consumers and the public can have the confidence that the chemical is safe for its intended uses. 
Another area in the legislation that 
required careful discussion and nego-tiation is preemption. Of course, we want to make sure national markets are just that and not a patchwork of restrictions varying State to State. At the same time, we did not want to deny anyone a legitimate cause of action under State tort or contract law. So that is what we said: as long as the State law does not conflict with the Federal ruling, the State action may continue. 
Mr. Speaker, the bill has strict but 
attainable deadlines for action. If EPA initiates a risk evaluation, it must fin-ish in 3 years. If a manufacturer initi-ates one and includes information EPA needs to make a decision, EPA should finish that in 2 years. Once the risk evaluation is complete, if EPA decides a rule is needed to manage the risk, EPA must propose the rule within a year. 
The risk evaluation itself only asks 
does the chemical present an unreason-able risk of injury to health or the en-vironment. That is a science question based on a combination of hazard and actual exposure. If there is an unrea-sonable risk, the agency’s decision on how to manage it is based on many other factors such as cost effectiveness, whether restricting an article will ac-tually reduce exposure, whether re-placements are available, and many other concerns. 
H.R. 2576 permits EPA to regulate ar-
ticles in those areas where regulation of chemical substances and mixtures alone would not be effective to reduce the identified risk, but requires EPA to be careful in addressing replacement parts that serve a commercially in-tended function or the original product or are needed to maintain the functionality of the original product. We think this system sets a new 
standard for quality regulation. Of course, we want to be protected from harm, but we do not want needless, ex-pensive regulations. Consumers want safe choices, not no choice at all. 
Mr. Speaker, we are on the brink of 
setting up a commonsense approach to protecting people from unsafe chemical exposure that will become the standard of the world. 
b1515 
We want our constituents to be safe, 
and we want markets to work. This bill delivers both. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Nearly four decades ago, Congress en-
acted the Toxic Substances Control Act to identify and regulate risks from dangerous chemicals. Unfortunately, 
the statute has never worked. Improve-ments to the law are long overdue, and I am happy to be here today with my Energy and Commerce colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this landmark reform legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, what brought us to-
gether is the failure of the current statute to keep the American public safe and to provide confidence in the safety of American products. Toxic chemicals can be found in the products we use every day and are steadily building up in our bodies and the envi-ronment. 
Consumers are worried about chemi-
cals like BPA and triclosan, but they don’t know how to avoid them. It seems like every day there is a new study about how chemicals are nega-tively affecting our health, and some-thing needs to change. 
The Energy and Commerce Com-
mittee has held many hearings over the last 6 years to understand why TSCA isn’t working. Some critical flaws were built into the statute, like the grandfathering of over 60,000 chemicals in 1976 without any safety review. Other flaws came to light only through litigation, like the impossible analytical burden of the statute’s ‘‘least burdensome’’ clause. 
Even though we have recognized 
these flaws, forward progress has been elusive. When Chairman S
HIMKUS and 
Chairman U PTON approached Ranking 
Member T ONKO and myself about work-
ing on a streamlined approach to ad-dress the essential components of re-form, I was hopeful. 
The result is a bipartisan bill that 
will remove major obstacles to EPA ac-tion and give the Agency new author-ity and new resources. It will offer more protection and more implementa-tion than current law. It is a strong compromise, and I urge all of my col-leagues to support it. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2576 will empower 
EPA to regulate the universe of chemi-cals that were grandfathered in 1976 by removing the requirement that EPA impose the ‘‘least burdensome’’ regu-latory option and by establishing a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JN7.005 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4557 June 23, 2015 
risk-based standard for risk manage-
ment, instead of a cost-benefit stand-ard. For the first time, the decision of whether a chemical needs to be regu-lated will be based purely on the risk it poses. 
H.R. 2576 will improve EPA’s access 
to information about potentially dan-gerous chemicals by allowing EPA to require testing through orders and con-sent agreements, not just rulemakings, and by authorizing EPA to seek data when needed for a risk evaluation with-out first demonstrating risk. 
H.R. 2576 will provide expedited ac-
tion for the worst chemicals, those that are persistent, bioaccumulative, and toxic. Under this bill, we can ex-pect quick action to get these chemi-cals out of our environment and out of our bodies. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2576 will explicitly 
and directly protect vulnerable popu-lations like children, workers, the el-derly, and hotspot communities. 
The bill will provide more resources 
for EPA to carry out this important program by removing outdated caps on user fees. It would also ensure that those fees are deposited in a dedicated trust fund for TSCA implementation. 
Under the bill, all future confidential 
business information claims by indus-try would have to be substantiated, preventing abuse and ensuring greater transparency. 
H.R. 2576 would ensure that States 
maintain their important role as part-ners in chemical regulation. Under the bill, preemption of State laws would be more limited than current law and other proposals. No State law would be preempted until Federal requirements are in effect. 
Many State laws would be protected 
from preemption, including existing State laws, new State laws adopted to address air and water quality or imple-ment other Federal laws, State tort claims, and State laws regulating uses not evaluated by EPA. 
In response to concerns raised by 
stakeholders and Members, a few addi-tional important clarifications have been made following committee mark-up, and I thank the chairman for work-ing with us to make those changes. 
There is now clear authority for EPA 
to set a schedule if manufacturer-re-quested risk evaluations exceed EPA’s capacity, ensuring that such requests won’t overwhelm the program. The grandfathering provision for existing State laws has also been clarified based on feedback from State attorneys gen-eral. 
Mr. Speaker, strong committee re-
port language further clarifies the lim-ited role of costs in risks management, the preservation of State monitoring and reporting requirements, and the expansion of EPA’s testing authority. 
I know that tomorrow, we will get 
back to disagreeing on the importance of environmental protection and the essential role EPA plays in keeping America safe, but for today, we can all agree on the need for a strong and pro-tective Federal regulatory program for 
chemicals. 
I want to thank Chairman S
HIMKUS  
and Chairman U PTON for their leader-
ship and their willingness to work with Democrats and stakeholders to craft this legislation. I would also like to thank Jackie Cohen of my staff for her hard work on this legislation, as well as Dave McCarthy of the majority staff for his efforts. This is a true testament to what we can achieve when we work together. 
I look forward to supporting this bill, 
and I hope all my colleagues will join me in supporting this landmark legis-lation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. B
UCSHON ), my colleague. 
Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of H.R. 2576, the TSCA Modernization Act of 2015, which up-dates the Toxic Substances Control Act, TSCA, of 1976. This legislation will benefit the Eighth District of Indiana and our Nation by improving the regu-lation of chemicals in commerce. 
Indiana’s Eighth District has a 
strong and diverse manufacturing sec-tor, including plastics, fertilizer pro-duction, automobiles, and medical de-vices, which play pivotal roles in the local and State economy. 
H.R. 2576 will improve the EPA’s out-
dated regulatory process for these in-dustries and manufacturers, fostering conditions for stronger interstate com-merce, and ensure robust protections for public health and the environment. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
important legislation. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 
minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ), the ranking member 
of the subcommittee. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman from New Jersey and our ranking member on the Energy and Commerce Committee, Representative P
ALLONE , for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, 40 years ago, Congress 
passed the Toxic Substances Control Act, which created a Federal program to manage the risks associated with our Nation’s industrial chemicals. 
That law, TSCA, has never met that 
need. As a result, the public has lost confidence in this Federal program. The many failings of the current law have been pointed out in reports, re-ports issued by the Government Ac-countability Office and others. 
Well-intentioned attempts over the 
years to address some of the problems administratively or through voluntary agreements amongst the Environ-mental Protection Agency, the chem-ical industry, and the environmental and public health communities have failed. The public has too little infor-mation about the safety of chemicals that they are exposed to every day in virtually every product that they use. 
Even in the face of overwhelming evi-
dence of harm to people’s health, EPA is unable to regulate exposure to toxic chemicals. Congress had to step in and 
explicitly legislate to gain public health and environmental protections from PCBs, for instance, and asbestos. 
Because of the regulatory vacuum at 
the Federal level, some States have legislated to secure protections for their citizens. In some cases, large re-tailers have initiated their own chem-ical policies to respond to what are consumers’ concerns. 
Forty years of ineffective Federal 
policy is enough. H.R. 2576, the TSCA Modernization Act, amends TSCA and corrects the fundamental flaws that exist in our law. 
When my colleague Chairman S
HIM-
KUSbegan the effort to reform TSCA in 
the last Congress, I knew the com-mittee could produce a bill. I believed we could. I was not convinced, how-ever, that we could pass a law; but H.R. 2576 is a decisive step, I believe, in that direction. 
I thank Chairman S
HIMKUS , Chair-
man U PTON , and Ranking Member P AL-
LONE for their continued cooperation 
and dedicated effort on behalf of this legislation. This truly has been a pro-ductive partnership, and the result is a good bill, a bill that I am pleased to support. 
H.R. 2576 is the result of much discus-
sion, much work, and compromise by all parties involved. While no one group gets all that they might have hoped for in this legislation, every stakeholder group gets something that they need. Frankly, we all need a func-tional, fair, and reliable Federal pro-gram of chemical regulation. 
Industry gains a fair, predictable 
Federal program for chemical regula-tion, a program that will inspire public confidence in the safety of their prod-ucts. In the context of our global econ-omy, that is an important asset for doing business both here and in other countries. 
The public health and environmental 
communities gain a Federal program in which EPA evaluates chemicals and, based on those evaluations, will act to regulate chemicals the Agency deter-mines present a risk to health or a risk to the environment. 
Under current law, in order to regu-
late a chemical, EPA must dem-onstrate that the benefits of regulating outweigh the costs. Under H.R. 2576, EPA’s evaluation and decision on whether to act will be based solely on risk factors, risk factors alone. 
Considerations of cost will be ad-
dressed when the Agency selects among different regulatory options to reduce chemical exposures. That is a major gain—a major gain—for public health and a major gain for the environment. 
H.R. 2576 is a good bill. It offers sig-
nificant improvements over our cur-rent law. I know many Members have concerns about states’ rights and State preemption provisions in TSCA. I share those concerns. 
There is State preemption in current 
law, and there is State preemption in H.R. 2576, but State preemption only 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.013 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4558 June 23, 2015 
occurs when EPA takes final—final— 
action on a chemical, either finding it safe or regulating its risks. 
H.R. 2576 maintains a strong role for 
the States. With those changes in TSCA, the States will have a more ac-tive and credible partner in this effort at the Federal level. 
Again, I want to thank Chairman 
S
HIMKUS , Chairman U PTON , and Rank-
ing Member P ALLONE for their excel-
lent work on this bill. I appreciate the constructive partnership that we formed in working together on this leg-islation. We worked through many dif-ficult issues and found that common ground. 
I look forward to continuing to work 
together as this bill moves on to the Senate. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. PALLONE. I yield the gentleman 
an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. TONKO. I thank the gentleman. I urge my colleagues to end the inef-
fective chemical policy that we have had for four decades and to support H.R. 2576. 
I, too, would like to thank some indi-
viduals who are very pertinent to this discussion and final product. I thank David McCarthy from the sub-committee staff on the majority side and Jerry Couri from the sub-committee staff, Jackie Cohen from our subcommittee staff on the Demo-cratic side, and Chris Sarley of Chair-man S
HIMKUS ’ personal office staff, and 
Jean Fruci of my personal staff, the legislative director for my Congres-sional office. 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, could I 
ask how much time is remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from New Jersey has 9
1⁄2min-
utes remaining. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENEGREEN ). 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2576, the TSCA Modernization Act. I am a proud cosponsor of this bipartisan leg-islation that will update the Toxic Substances Control Act, our Nation’s primary statute regulating the use and safety of commercial chemicals for the first time since it was enacted in 1976. 
This legislation will directly address 
many of current TSCA’s biggest flaws, including eliminating the ‘‘least bur-densome’’ requirement and explicitly clarifying the law’s safety standard ex-cludes any consideration of costs. 
This bill would require EPA to con-
sider the risks to vulnerable subpopula-tions, like children, pregnant women, workers, and set restrictions if nec-essary to protect them. 
The TSCA Modernization Act will go 
a long way towards ensuring that all American families—especially for fami-lies of chemical facility workers and fence line communities in our congres-sional district in Houston and Harris County, Texas—are protected from po-
tentially harmful chemicals and bring needed regulatory clarity to this im-portant sector of our Nation’s econ-omy. 
I would like to thank both Chairman 
S
HIMKUS and Ranking Member T ONKO  
of the Subcommittee on the Environ-ment and the Economy and Chairman U
PTON and Ranking Member P ALLONE  
of the Committee on Energy and Com-merce and their staffs for the hard work and willingness to work together to make TSCA reform a reality. 
I would also like to personally thank 
my legislative director, Sergio Espinosa, who has worked on this for three terms, I think, Mr. Speaker. 
I want to ask my colleagues from 
both sides of the aisle to join us and vote in support of this important legis-lation. 
b1530 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Mrs. C
APPS ). 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, we all 
know that our chemical regulatory system is badly broken and that it has been broken for a very long time. When it comes to chemicals, weak statutory authority and limited resources have prevented the EPA from fulfilling its mission of protecting public health and the environment. Current law is so weak that the EPA famously could not even use it to ban the use of asbestos despite overwhelming evidence that as-
bestos poses serious risks to human health. 
Even when the EPA can successfully 
regulate a chemical under the Toxic Substances Control Act, which we know as TSCA—which has happened only five times—they must do so using a flawed cost-benefit analysis that prioritizes profits over health and safe-ty. These are just a few of the many se-rious flaws of the current system. 
While the TSCA Modernization Act 
does not address all of these problems, it does take several important steps forward that will help improve the health and safety of consumers and their families. It finally ensures that health, not cost, is the standard by which the safety of chemicals is evalu-ated; it maintains critical State chem-ical safety laws, such as California’s landmark Proposition 65; and for the first time, it includes explicit protec-tions for vulnerable populations, such as pregnant mothers, children, and sen-iors. 
I want to commend Chairmen U
PTON  
and S HIMKUS , Ranking Members P AL-
LONE and T ONKO , and the committee 
staffs for all of their hard work and commitment for making this a truly bipartisan bill. It is far from perfect, but it has improved at every step of the process, and I hope that continues. Should the Senate pass its TSCA re-form package, I hope this cooperation continues in conference so we can produce an even stronger bill. Mr. Speaker, for far too long, our 
chemical laws have prioritized profits over human health and safety. This bill would put an end to this inequity and to many other serious failings of the current system. The TSCA Moderniza-tion Act is a good compromise and is a major step forward. That is why I will be voting for it today, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Col-orado (Ms. D
EGETTE ). 
Ms. D EGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of H.R. 2576, the TSCA Mod-ernization Act. 
Since the 111th Congress, a lot of us 
have been wrestling very seriously with how to reform the EPA’s current regime for reviewing and regulating chemicals. Everyone agrees that the statute has been broken for most of the decades that it has been in effect. De-vising a new program, though, that would both enable the EPA to take meaningful action on the chemicals that truly need regulation and that will protect the health of our citizens was an uphill battle in deeply partisan times; yet what we have come up with is a true compromise. We have focused on the aspects of current law that real-ly need to be addressed, and we have developed language that will move the ball forward. 
As all of the other speakers have 
said, our work is not done after the vote later today. The Senate, in work-ing its own will, has come up with a re-form bill that takes a distinctly dif-ferent approach. We have a lot to rec-oncile. It is important that legislation makes it to the President’s desk that will equip the EPA to protect us from toxic chemicals over the long term. Ul-timately, we will be judged by how well the new law works, not only over the next few years, but over the coming decade. 
I want to add my thanks, Mr. Speak-
er, to Congressman F
RANK PALLONE , 
Congressman S HIMKUS , Congressman 
TONKO , Congressman G ENE GREEN , all 
of our staffs, and, in particular, to my legislative director, Eleanor Bastian, 
who has been working on this bill ever since we really started seriously nego-tiating. 
One last thing—and I think it is im-
portant—is that Congresswoman C
APPS  
mentioned that this bill will not pre-empt State law and that it will not preempt Proposition 65. This was an important provision, and I want to thank Congressman S
HIMKUS and his 
staff for working on it with us because it is important that we have these kinds of protections that we need. 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
In closing, I will just say thank you 
again to Mr. S
HIMKUS , in particular, for 
reaching out to me and to Mr. T ONKO  
on this legislation and for making it bipartisan. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.014 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4559 June 23, 2015 
I almost feel anticlimactic today be-
cause I know how much hard work has gone into getting this bill to the floor. I know we are going to work hard after it passes in the House to get it passed in the Senate and to have a law that goes to the President, so I urge all of my colleagues to support the bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
This is a good bill, and I am going to 
give my thanks to my colleagues, too. We want a good vote today because we want to make sure we have a strong House position as we go into negotia-tions with the Senate, and I think we are going to have that. I also appre-ciate the leadership for bringing this up on the suspension calendar, which, I think, shows a lot of support right at the outset. 
As everyone else has done, I want to 
take a moment to thank our col-leagues. This has been a multiyear, multi-Congress approach. As a former high school teacher in government his-tory, so far, the system is working on this bill, and we are hoping for good things as we move forward with con-ference and get something to the Presi-dent’s desk. I harken back to P
AUL 
TONKO ’s comment and F RANK PAL-
LONE ’s comment that we could pass a 
bill but that, if we wanted to pass a law, we really needed to open up the process a little bit. That was very help-ful to me, and I appreciate that. 
I also want to thank Chairman 
U
PTON , obviously, for his leadership 
and for his friendship. 
DIANA DEGETTE , who just spoke, and 
GENEGREEN have both been with me, 
slaving away, over the last couple of years. We have learned a lot about each other, and we have learned a lot about the law, and it is a very difficult law to understand. We also started getting help from B
OBLATTA , from Ohio, and 
from B ILLJOHNSON , and I want to 
thank them for their help. 
H.R. 2576 has also gained letters of 
support from a variety of stakeholders, which include—and sometimes this shocks people to know that we have this group of diverse interests—the American Chemistry Council, the American Alliance for Innovation, the American Cleaning Institute, the Con-sumer Specialty Products Association, the National Association of Chemical Distributors, the National Wildlife Federation, just to name a few. 
I also want to thank two people who 
never promoted any particular policy but who were responsible for excep-tional quality in the legislation before us—Tim Brown and Kakuti Lin, who are our House legislative counsel. They make sure that the words in the bill do what we intend them to do. That is a part of this process that really goes un-recognized, the people who are legisla-tive counsel. They spend long hours, and we ask them to do heavy lifting on short notice, so we want to make sure that we thank them here today. In a highly technical field such as chemical 
risk management, that is not an easy task. I thank them for their skill, dedi-cation, and hard work. 
Finally, I would like to recognize the 
dedicated staffs on both sides of the aisle who helped us craft this legisla-tion—David McCarthy, who has al-ready been mentioned, along with Jerry Couri on the Energy and Com-merce staff. Understanding our chem-ical regulations has helped Members navigate through the complex nature of TSCA reform from our very first in-formational hearing in the last Con-gress. 
I know, over there, we have got Jack-
ie Cohen, who in the last Congress was a real pain in the rear end to me, but, this year, we have been able to work together, which has been helpful. Jean Fruci also was a calming influence, and we appreciate her steady guidance. They have both provided quality input to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle throughout this process. I ap-preciate their dedication, oftentimes through nights and weekends, to help us get to where we are today. 
I urge all of my colleagues on both 
sides of the aisle to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 2576 to send a strong signal that the time is now to update this outdated law and to keep the momentum and the bipartisan spirit moving forward until the President signs it into law. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today for 
the purpose of engaging Chairman S
HIMKUS in 
colloquy. First, I would like to thank Mr. S HIM-
KUS for working with me during and after 
markup to make sure that the important role of states in chemical regulation is preserved. In the absence of a strong federal chemical regu-latory program, many states have taken action to protect their citizens from toxic chemicals. Strong laws are in place in many states to ad-dress chemicals including BPA, flame retardants, and more. Through the Committee process, explicit protections have been added for state laws and state common laws, includ-ing important changes taken from the amend-ment that I offered at markup. My amendment was drafted in response to the letter sent by 12 State Attorneys General, which I would like to introduce now into the R
ECORD . Again, I ap-
preciate you working with me to address the points they raised. It is my understanding that nothing in this bill would preempt or otherwise affect existing state laws or private rights of action, unless there is an actual conflict be-tween a federal requirement and a state re-quirement. Is that correct? 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, Yes it is. H.R. 
2576 contains protection for existing state laws and existing citizen enforcement actions. No existing state requirements will be pre-empted unless they actually conflict with fed-eral requirements. 
Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, as you know, 
over twenty-five years ago, the people of Cali-fornia enacted a landmark ballot measure known as Proposition 65. Proposition 65 re-quires persons who expose individuals to cer-tain chemicals that are known to cause cancer or reproductive harm to display a clear and reasonable warning. Proposition 65 enforce-ment actions by the state and by private par-
ties have played a crucial role in reducing childhood exposure to harmful chemicals. This state law operates somewhat differently from other state laws related to chemicals, so I want to ask specifically about the protection for Proposition 65 in the bill. It is my under-standing that nothing in this bill would preempt or otherwise impact enforcement of Propo-sition 65 or the ability of the State to continue to authorize citizen enforcement of Proposition 65, unless there is an actual conflict. Is that correct? 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, that is correct. 
We do not intend to interfere with operation of Proposition 65 unless a requirement under that law actually conflicts with a federal re-quirement under TSCA. 
Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, and just to be 
clear, the waiver provision in Section 18(b) of current law, which could protect additional state laws, is not changed by this bill? 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, that is correct. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, this is a long time 
coming. The breakthrough bipartisan bill be-fore us today is the culmination of a multi- year, multi-Congress effort to modernize our decades-old chemical safety laws. The Toxic Substances Control Act, which was signed into law by Michigan’s own President Jerry Ford, needs to be updated for the 21st cen-tury. And this thoughtful bill improves chemical safety while encouraging continued innovation and economic growth and gives the public greater confidence in the safety of American- made chemicals and the products that contain them. 
There are six core elements that form the 
basis of the TSCA Modernization Act. First, this bill helps markets work and provides cer-tainty. Chemicals will get reviewed and will be ruled either safe for intended uses, or in need of a risk management rule. Once a decision is made by EPA, that decision will apply in all the states. Manufacturers won’t have to produce 50 different product versions for 50 different states. 
Second, the bill respects the role of states 
and individual rights of action. Tort and con-tract claims are explicitly protected in the pre- emption section. 
Third, any regulation of a chemical will be 
guided by common sense. Is the regulation cost effective? If use in an article were re-stricted, will exposure actually go down? Is there a feasible replacement? Is the transition period fair? Without good answers to these questions regulation will not move forward. 
Fourth, the bill will build confidence for con-
sumers and the general public that chemicals on the market anywhere in the U.S. are safe, and not just because EPA says so. EPA must evaluate risk against the most stringent science standards we’ve ever enacted for chemicals. And the science has to be trans-parent and hold up to objective peer review. 
Fifth, the bill lets government and industry 
actually collaborate. Chemical manufacturers are given the choice to ask for and get a chemical evaluated. And EPA must meet strict action deadlines. If the science indicates the chemical is safe, then EPA must say so, and that determination will be the law in all 50 states. 
Finally, the bill encourages innovation, 
largely by protecting confidential business in-formation. New technology is not likely to ap-pear if the secret formula can be stolen and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.015 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4560 June 23, 2015 
copied the minute a new product appears. 
This bill would prevent that from happening. 
Each of the elements of the bill are not 
trade-offs, each provision works to the support the others. It would not accomplish much good for EPA to evaluate all these chemicals if the results were not going to apply in all the states. It does not make sense for the govern-ment to be writing safety regulations if the re-sult is no real improvement in safety. And a manufacturer is not likely to cooperate with the government in chemical evaluation if to do so means giving up a trade secret. 
The TSCA Modernization Act solves each of 
these concerns, as all these safeguards work together. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a big day. The TSCA 
Modernization Act is good for consumers, good for trade, and good for the environment. I especially commend Mr. S
HIMKUS , Mr. P AL-
LONE , Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. L ATTA for their dedi-
cation and hard work in putting together a bill that can be signed into law. Let’s put jobs and the economy first and vote yes. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
HIM-
KUS) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 2576, as amend-ed. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
BOYS TOWN CENTENNIAL 
COMMEMORATIVE COIN ACT 
Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 893) to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the centen-nial of Boys Town, and for other pur-poses, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 893 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Boys Town 
Centennial Commemorative Coin Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) Boys Town is a nonprofit organization 
dedicated to saving children and healing families, nationally headquartered in the vil-lage of Boys Town, Nebraska; 
(2) Father Flanagan’s Boys Home, known 
as ‘‘Boys Town’’, was founded on December 12, 1917, by Servant of God Father Edward Flanagan; 
(3) Boys Town was created to serve chil-
dren of all races and religions; 
(4) news of the work of Father Flanagan 
spread worldwide with the success of the 1938 movie, ‘‘Boys Town’’; 
(5) after World War II, President Truman 
asked Father Flanagan to take his message to the world, and Father Flanagan traveled the globe visiting war orphans and advising government leaders on how to care for dis-
placed children; 
(6) Boys Town has grown exponentially, 
and now provides care to children and fami-lies across the country in 11 regions, includ-ing California, Nevada, Texas, Nebraska, Iowa, Louisiana, North Florida, Central Florida, South Florida, Washington, DC, New York, and New England; 
(7) the Boys Town National Hotline pro-
vides counseling to more than 150,000 callers each year; 
(8) the Boys Town National Research Hos-
pital is a national leader in the field of hear-ing care and research of Usher Syndrome; 
(9) Boys Town programs impact the lives of 
more than 2,000,000 children and families across America each year; and 
(10) December 12th, 2017, will mark the 
100th anniversary of Boys Town, Nebraska. 
SEC. 3. COIN SPECIFICATIONS. 
(a) $5 G OLD COINS.—The Secretary of the 
Treasury (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Sec-retary’’) shall mint and issue not more than 50,000 $5 coins in commemoration of the cen-tennial of the founding of Father Flanagan’s Boys Town, each of which shall— 
(1) weigh 8.359 grams; (2) have a diameter of 0.850 inches; and (3) contain 90 percent gold and 10 percent 
alloy. 
(b) $1 S
ILVER COINS.—The Secretary shall 
mint and issue not more than 350,000 $1 coins in commemoration of the centennial of the founding of Father Flanagan’s Boys Town, each of which shall— 
(1) weigh 26.73 grams; (2) have a diameter of 1.500 inches; and (3) contain 90 percent silver and 10 percent 
copper. 
(c) H
ALF DOLLAR CLAD COINS.—The Sec-
retary shall mint and issue not more than 300,000 half dollar clad coins in commemora-tion of the centennial of the founding of Fa-ther Flanagan’s Boys Town, each of which shall— 
(1) weigh 11.34 grams; (2) have a diameter of 1.205 inches; and (3) be minted to the specifications for half 
dollar coins contained in section 5112(b) of title 31, United States Code. 
(d) L
EGAL TENDER .—The coins minted 
under this Act shall be legal tender, as pro-vided in section 5103 of title 31, United States Code. 
(e) N
UMISMATIC ITEMS .—For purposes of 
sections 5134 and 5136 of title 31, United States Code, all coins minted under this Act shall be considered to be numismatic items. 
SEC. 4. DESIGN OF COINS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The design of the coins 
minted under this Act shall be emblematic of the 100 years of Boys Town, one of the largest nonprofit child care agencies in the United States. 
(b) D
ESIGNATION AND INSCRIPTIONS .—On 
each coin minted under this Act, there shall be— 
(1) a designation of the value of the coin; (2) an inscription of the year ‘‘2017’’; and (3) inscriptions of the words ‘‘Liberty’’, ‘‘In 
God We Trust’’, ‘‘United States of America’’, and ‘‘E Pluribus Unum’’. 
(c) S
ELECTION .—The design for the coins 
minted under this Act shall be— 
(1) selected by the Secretary, after con-
sultation with the National Executive Direc-tor of Boys Town and the Commission of Fine Arts; and 
(2) reviewed by the Citizens of Coinage Ad-
visory Committee. 
SEC. 5. ISSUANCE OF COINS. 
(a) Q UALITY OF COINS.—Coins minted under 
this Act shall be issued in uncirculated and proof qualities. 
(b) M
INTFACILITY .—Only 1 facility of the 
United States Mint may be used to strike any particular quality of the coins minted 
under this Act. 
(c) P ERIOD FOR ISSUANCE .—The Secretary 
may issue coins under this Act only during the period beginning on January 1, 2017, and ending on December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 6. SALE OF COINS. 
(a) S ALE PRICE.—The coins issued under 
this Act shall be sold by the Secretary at a price equal to the sum of— 
(1) the face value of the coins; and (2) the cost of designing and issuing the 
coins (including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, overhead expenses, marketing, and shipping). 
(b) B
ULK SALES .—The Secretary shall 
make bulk sales of the coins issued under this Act at a reasonable discount. 
(c) P
REPAID ORDERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ac-
cept prepaid orders for the coins minted under this Act before the issuance of such coins. 
(2) D
ISCOUNT .—Sale prices with respect to 
prepaid orders under paragraph (1) shall be at a reasonable discount. 
SEC. 7. SURCHARGES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—All sales of coins issued 
under this Act shall include a surcharge as follows: 
(1) A surcharge of $35 per coin for the $5 
coin. 
(2) A surcharge of $10 per coin for the $1 
coin. 
(3) A surcharge of $5 per coin for the half 
dollar coin. 
(b) D
ISTRIBUTION .—Subject to section 
5134(f) of title 31, United States Code, all sur-charges received by the Secretary from the sale of coins issued under this Act shall be paid to Boys Town to carry out Boys Town’s cause of caring for and assisting children and families in underserved communities across America. 
(c) A
UDITS .—Boys Town shall be subject to 
the audit requirements of section 5134(f)(2) of title 31, United States Code, with regard to the amounts received under subsection (b). 
(d) L
IMITATION .—Notwithstanding sub-
section (a), no surcharge may be included with respect to the issuance under this Act of any coin during a calendar year if, as of the time of such issuance, the issuance of such coin would result in the number of com-memorative coin programs issued during such year to exceed the annual 2 commemo-rative coin program issuance limitation under section 5112(m)(1) of title 31, United States Code (as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act). The Secretary of the Treasury may issue guidance to carry out this subsection. 
SEC. 8. FINANCIAL ASSURANCES. 
The Secretary shall take such actions as 
may be necessary to ensure that— 
(1) minting and issuing coins under this 
Act will not result in any net cost to the Federal Government; and 
(2) no funds, including applicable sur-
charges, shall be disbursed to any recipient designated in section 7 until the total cost of designing and issuing all of the coins author-ized by this Act (including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, overhead expenses, marketing, and shipping) is recovered by the United States Treasury, consistent with sec-tions 5112(m) and 5134(f) of title 31, United States Code. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ) and the gen-
tlewoman from New York (Mrs. C ARO-
LYN B. M ALONEY ) each will control 20 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JN7.018 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4561 June 23, 2015 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extra-neous material on this bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise today in support of H.R. 893, 
the Boys Town Centennial Commemo-rative Coin Act, introduced by the gen-tleman from Nebraska (Mr. F
ORTEN -
BERRY ), and I seek its immediate pas-
sage. 
Mr. Speaker, on December 12, 2017, 
Boys Town will celebrate 100 years of saving children and healing families. Boys Town was founded in 1917 by a young Irish priest, Father Edward Flanagan, who believed that every child could be a productive citizen if given love, a home, an education, and a trade. He accepted boys of every race, color, and creed—an amazing thing back in 1917. 
Boys Town first opened on December 
12 of 1917 in a rundown Victorian man-sion in downtown Omaha, Nebraska. In 1921, the home later moved to Overlook Farm on the outskirts of Omaha, where it remains located today. A number of years ago, I had the privilege of vis-iting Boys Town. By the 1930s, hun-dreds of boys lived at Boys Town, which grew to include dormitories and administrative buildings, and the boys even elected their own government, which included a mayor, a council, and commissioners. 
News of Father Flanagan’s work 
spread worldwide, and even Hollywood took notice with the very famous 1938 movie ‘‘Boys Town,’’ with Spencer Tracy, who won an Academy Award for his portrayal of Father Flanagan. At the request of President Truman, he even traveled the world, visiting or-phans and advising government leaders on how to care for displaced children after the war. 
Although Father Flanagan died in 
1948, his work at Boys Town, which Flanagan called ‘‘God’s work’’—and I think most of us would agree with that—continued. Today, although Boys Town is still headquartered in Ne-braska, it continues to expand its care across America. It is one of the largest nonprofit child care agencies in the country, providing treatment for be-havioral, emotional, and physical prob-lems for children and their families, helping as many as 2 million people an-nually. Additionally, the Boys Town National Research Hospital is a global leader in the research of Usher syn-drome. 
Mr. Speaker, I can’t think of a better 
way to commemorate Father Flanagan and Boys Town than by creating this commemorative coin. The spirit of Boys Town truly embodies the best of America. This bill would help recognize 
and continue to nurture that spirit. 
I commend the gentleman from Ne-
braska for his hard work on this issue, and I ask for the immediate passage of the bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, June 19, 2015. 
Hon. J EBHENSARLING , 
Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, 
Rayburn House Office Building, Wash-ington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN HENSARLING : I am writing 
with respect to H.R. 893, the Boys Town Cen-tennial Commemorative Coin Act. I wanted to notify you that the Committee on Ways and Means will forgo action on H.R. 893 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. 
This is done with the understanding that 
the jurisdictional interests of the Committee on Ways and Means over this and similar leg-islation are in no way diminished or altered. In addition, the Committee reserves the right to seek conferees on H.R. 893 and re-quests your support when such a request is made. 
I would appreciate your response con-
firming this understanding with respect to H.R. 893 and ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during consideration of the bill on the House floor. 
Sincerely, 
P
AULRYAN, 
Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, June 22, 2015. 
Hon. P AULRYAN, 
Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, 
Longworth House Office Building, Wash-ington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN RYAN: Thank you for your 
letter of June 19th regarding H.R. 893, the Boys Town Centennial Commemorative Coin Act. 
I am most appreciative of your decision to 
forego action on H.R. 893 so that it may move expeditiously to the House floor. I ac-knowledge that by forgoing such action the Committee on Ways and Means is not waiving its jurisdictional interest in this or similar legislation. In addition, if a con-ference is necessary on this legislation, I will support any request that your committee be represented therein. 
Finally, I shall be pleased to include your 
letter and this letter in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of this measure. 
Sincerely, 
J
EBHENSARLING , 
Chairman. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 893, the Boys 
Town Centennial Commemorative Coin Act. 
I was pleased to be an original spon-
sor in the last Congress and a cospon-sor in this one. This bill appropriately recognizes the outstanding work done by Boys Town, a nonprofit organiza-tion headquartered in the village of Boys Town, Nebraska, that selflessly promotes the interest of children and their families across this Nation. b1545 
Boys Town, which takes its name 
from Father Flanagan’s Boys’ Home, impacts the lives of more than 2 mil-lion families across America each year through its counseling services, out-reach, and education. I am also pleased to report that each year, Boys Town di-rectly touches the lives of thousands of New Yorkers through its community support services and homes for trou-bled youth. 
Father Flanagan, the founder of Boys 
Town, focused on the inherent good in children and built a world class organi-zation that emphasized the rehabilita-tion of troubled youth, rather than punishment. President Franklin Roo-sevelt once said that America needs 49 more Father Flanagans. 
It is this compassionate approach 
and commitment to love, training, and guidance, regardless of race or religion, that has made Boys Town such a suc-cess story and a lifeline for countless children and their families. In com-memoration of their centennial anni-versary, the bill before us today will require the U.S. Treasury Department to mint and issue $5 gold, $1 silver, and half-dollar clad commemorative coins. 
Surcharges from the sale of the coins 
will allow Boys Town to raise needed funds that will be dedicated to making a positive impact on the lives of chil-dren and families from underserved communities across America. It is also important to note that the passage of this bill comes at absolutely no cost to the taxpayer. 
I would urge my colleagues to join 
me in passing this commonsense bipar-tisan bill without further delay. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Ne-braska (Mr. F
ORTENBERRY ), the sponsor 
of this bill. 
Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, 
first let me thank Mr. H UIZENGA and 
Mrs. M ALONEY for their very thought-
ful reflections on the history and im-portance of Boys Town. I greatly ap-preciate the sentiments offered. 
I am very happy and proud to stand 
here in support of the centennial com-memorative coin. As was mentioned, Boys Town was founded in 1917 by Fa-ther Edward Flanagan and has since grown from a small local home for chil-dren who found themselves in difficult circumstances in Omaha to one of the largest nonprofit, nonsectarian child and family service organizations in America. 
Boys Town offers a remarkable model 
of academic and spiritual engagement. Students learn more than math and grammar, as important as that is. Their teachers and caregivers provide them with solid formation. Graduates are equipped to succeed not only pro-fessionally, but are also given the life skills to stay on the right path. 
Boys Town is so impactful that about 
90 percent of the children who come there integrate successfully back into 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.018 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4562 June 23, 2015 
their communities; and historically, 
many, over time, have joined the mili-tary. 
What is this extraordinary model of 
intervention? It starts with a family. Each child is placed into a family with a caring, nurturing mother and a pro-tective, giving father, where there are rules and expectations, discipline, and love. 
The success of Nebraska’s Boys Town 
has recently been duplicated across many, many communities in our coun-try. Their network of 11 national sites and national hotlines touches the lives of more than 2 million Americans each year. 
On December 2, 2017, Boys Town will 
celebrate 100 years of saving children and helping to heal families. In honor of this 100-year anniversary, this legis-lation, again, would authorize the U.S. Mint to produce a series of commemo-rative coins with a design emblematic of Boys Town’s 100-year history. 
These coins, of course, will be avail-
able to the general public for sale and will more than offset the cost of mint-ing by the Treasury. As was mentioned earlier, there will be no cost to the tax-payer. 
Mr. Speaker, Boys Town is a quiet in-
stitution nestled in the heartland, my home. It does great service to America by helping to heal wounds during this socially fractured time. 
A quick story, Mr. Speaker: last 
year, I had the privilege of partici-pating as a commencement speaker at Boys Town. After I finished my ad-dress, the young people were called for-ward to receive their diplomas in a ceremony marked with great dignity and formality and even lightheartedness. 
Even though family and friends and 
those visiting were told to please hold their applause, the excitement couldn’t be contained. As each graduate crossed the stage, shouts of joy and encourage-ment and clapping continued through-out the whole event. 
Prior to the graduation, students had 
gathered for a retreat, giving them the opportunity for reflection and recom-mitment. During their last time to-gether, the seniors discussed what they had to say. Here are quotes from a few of them. 
I ran in the wrong crowd, hated my family, 
kept running away from home, and inflicted self-harm. At Boys Town, I am a member of the Junior ROTC and learned to like myself and my family. I look forward to returning home and being a good example to my younger brother. 
Another said: 
I lived on the streets from age 10 to 13 and 
stole to eat. I ended up in prison, and my cousin got shot in the face. I never played sports, let alone attended school, but at Boys Town, I just finished playing baseball this year and signed on with a college to study business. 
Another child said this: 
My mom and dad were both in prison, and 
I had trouble since kindergarten. In junior high, I was locked up myself for 2 years, and when I got out, my mom died. My dad was still in prison. Since I have lived at Boys 
Town, I chose to get myself on the right track and graduate and made a promise to myself that I would never do anything that would land me in prison. Boys Town saved my life. 
Mr. Speaker, fortunately, most chil-
dren do not experience such trauma in their lives, but some do. These are the kids who bear the scars of fraying so-cial and familial bonds, destructive choices, and legal difficulty. 
Through no fault of their own, the 
great problems of our time fall most heavily on our young people. Economic hardship and broken families destroy the sense of safety and possibility that is a necessary antidote to social alien-ation. 
Every child needs a nurturing envi-
ronment of compassionate challenge and genuine promise. Education should cultivate that creativity, as well as dignity, allowing all boys and girls to realize their full potential. 
Today, we have an opportunity to 
celebrate the lives of remarkable young men and women and the extraor-dinary institution that is serving them so well. By authorizing this Boys Town commemorative coin, we are investing in the future of our children in a sim-ple but I think really impactful way. 
I want to thank the nearly 300 bipar-
tisan Members of this Congress who have signed on as cosponsors of this bill. I think that is an important state-ment. I would also like to thank Chair-man H
ENSARLING and Ranking Member 
WATERS as well for their leadership on 
the committee. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. A
SHFORD ), whose 
father and grandfather served on the board of Boys Town. 
Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentlewoman for yielding me this time. 
I would like to commend my col-
league Congressman F
ORTENBERRY for 
his work on this issue and his words, which are right on. I would like to thank as well the chairman for his words, which accurately describe the history of Boys Town. Let me also thank the ranking member for her comments that so accurately reflect what Boys Town means to our commu-nity and to the entire country. 
I grew up around Boys Town. I grew 
up playing sports at Boys Town. The high school that I went to, Boys Town was in our conference; and we spent many very difficult nights playing bas-ketball against the Boys Town basket-ball team which, quite frankly, was better than we were on most every oc-casion. 
In my years in the legislature that 
lasted until last year, I had the oppor-tunity to work with a colleague of mine, Senator Bob Krist from Omaha, who spearheaded significant juvenile justice reform in our State. 
The child welfare system in Nebraska 
was in deep trouble; and Senator Krist, along with Father Boes, who is the ac-
claimed and incredibly competent lead-er at Boys Town, we passed significant juvenile justice legislation that helps families throughout the State of Ne-braska, that deals with brain develop-ment, that deals with wraparound serv-ices, family services, as was so aptly described by my colleague Congress-man F
ORTENBERRY . 
Mr. Speaker, we are changing lives in 
Nebraska; and, as has been mentioned, Boys Town is changing lives through-out the country. Their unique approach to juvenile justice issues, the wrap-around family-centered services that deal with not only the parents but the siblings to help bring these young peo-ple into a productive life, is what Boys Town has been about for the 100 years that it has been in existence. 
It is no longer there, but I remember 
as a child in the 1950s actually seeing the first Boys Town facility in down-town Omaha. When I was growing up, Boys Town was way out of town. It had a farm around it. The farm is still there, but now, it is in the middle of Omaha, as Omaha grows. 
Though it is in a different place in 
the world today than it was in 1917 with Father Flanagan, by bringing business leaders in Omaha together and others to create Boys Town, it serves that grand purpose that Father Flana-gan envisioned in 1917. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride 
that I thank the ranking member for giving me this opportunity to speak. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
I thank Mr. T
HORNBERRY for his 
beautiful statement, as well as Mr. A
SHFORD , from the great State of Ne-
braska. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
I, too, want to express my thanks to 
both Congressman F
ORTENBERRY and 
Congressman A SHFORD for their dedica-
tion and desire to highlight Boys Town and what an amazing thing that has happened out there and really the im-pact that it has had. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J
EN-
KINS of West Virginia). The question is 
on the motion offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 893, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
BULLION AND COLLECTIBLE COIN 
PRODUCTION EFFICIENCY AND COST SAVINGS ACT 
Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I move to suspend the rules 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.020 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4563 June 23, 2015 
and pass the bill (H.R. 1698) to amend 
design and content requirements for certain gold and silver coins, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1698 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Bullion and 
Collectible Coin Production Efficiency and Cost Savings Act’’. 
SEC. 2. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS. 
Title 31, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 5112— (A) in subsection (q)— (i) by striking paragraphs (3) and (8); and (ii) by redesignating paragraphs (4), (5), (6), 
and (7) as paragraphs (3), (4), (5), and (6), re-spectively; 
(B) in subsection (t)(6)(B), by striking ‘‘90 
percent silver and 10 percent copper’’ and in-serting ‘‘not less than 90 percent silver’’; and 
(C) in subsection (v)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Subject 
to’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the Sec-retary shall’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary shall’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘The 
Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘To the greatest extent possible, the Secretary’’; 
(iii) in paragraph (5), by inserting after 
‘‘may issue’’ the following: ‘‘collectible versions of’’; and 
(iv) by striking paragraph (8); and (2) in section 5132(a)(2)(B)(i), by striking 
‘‘90 percent silver and 10 percent copper’’ and inserting ‘‘not less than 90 percent silver’’. 
SEC. 3. AMERICAN EAGLE SILVER BULLION 30TH 
ANNIVERSARY. 
Proof and uncirculated versions of coins 
issued by the Secretary of the Treasury pur-suant to subsection (e) of section 5112 of title 31, United States Code, during calendar year 2016 shall have a smooth edge incused with a designation that notes the 30th anniversary of the first issue of coins under such sub-section. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ) and the gen-
tlewoman from New York (Mrs. C ARO-
LYN B. M ALONEY ) each will control 20 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 1698, the Bullion and Collectible Coin Production Efficiency and Cost Savings Act, a bipartisan bill which I introduced in March, along with the gentlewoman from New York, Rep-resentative M
ALONEY . 
This simple piece of legislation would 
make minor changes to four existing coin programs. Each change saves 
money for the United States Mint, and it makes it easier to produce the coins or make the coins more attractive to investors and collectors. 
The changes include: first, making it 
less expensive to package gold invest-ment coins; second, it allows the Mint to buy standard coinage silver for col-lectible coins instead of the more ex-pensive custom alloy; third, it removes the requirement for an already com-pleted study on the production of an investor coin made of palladium; and, fourth, it allows collector versions of the widely popular American eagle sil-ver investment coin to bear an inscrip-tion noting that next year is the 30th anniversary of the first issuance of those coins. 
These small changes will have an im-
pact on saving taxpayer dollars over the next few years. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask for immediate 
passage of H.R. 1698. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
b1600 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of this cost-saving legislation, which I was proud to cosponsor with my friend from Michigan. 
People who see the big things that 
Congress does, they often forget that we have to pay attention to the little things, too, and these little things are important. This is a very good example of that. This is a small bill which makes the government better, saves some taxpayers’ money, and makes our coin programs better for collectors and for investors. 
For years, the laws that specify the 
production of silver coins made by the Mint have required them to be 90 per-cent silver. Today, the standard silver used in coins is 91 percent silver. So the Mint has had to pay extra for cus-tom coin blanks. This legislation fixes that problem. 
It also allows the Mint to make a 
special collectible version of the Amer-ican Eagle silver bullion coin, noting the popularity of the program over the past 30 years. 
The bill also allows the sale of Amer-
ican Buffalo gold coins in bulk rather than in individual packages, making handling easier for the Mint and for in-vestors and clears the final hurdle for the Mint finally to produce investor coins made of palladium, an idea from a 2010 bill from my former colleague and very good friend, Mr. Watt. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill saves money 
and makes coin programs more attrac-tive to collectors and investors. I ask for its immediate passage. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1698, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
UNITED STATES COTTON FUTURES 
ACT AMENDMENTS 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2620) to amend the United States Cotton Futures Act to exclude certain cotton futures con-tracts from coverage under such Act, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2620 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. EXCLUDING CERTAIN COTTON FU-
TURES CONTRACTS FROM COV-ERAGE UNDER UNITED STATES COT-TON FUTURES ACT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (c)(1) of the 
United States Cotton Futures Act (7 U.S.C. 15B(c)(1)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘except that any cotton fu-
tures contract’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘except that— 
‘‘(A) any cotton futures contract’’; (2) in subparagraph (A) (as designated by 
paragraph (1)), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(B) any cotton futures contract that per-
mits tender of cotton grown outside of the United States is excluded from the coverage of this paragraph and section to the extent that the cotton grown outside of the United States is tendered for delivery under the cot-ton futures contract.’’. 
(b) A
PPLICATION .—The amendments made 
by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to cotton futures contracts entered into on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT) and the 
gentleman from Georgia (Mr. D AVID 
SCOTT) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Georgia (Mr. A USTIN SCOTT). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consider-ation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in strong support of H.R. 2620. 
This bill would amend the United States Cotton Futures Act to allow for the creation of a world cotton contract listed on the United States exchange. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.022 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4564 June 23, 2015 
Current law, which requires sampling 
and classing by the USDA of every bale of cotton tendered under contracts list-ed on a U.S. exchange reflects an anti-quated picture of the global cotton market. Some market participants need to hedge price fluctuations in for-eign markets, and the current law lim-its their ability to do so. We need to update our law to reflect the modern nature of this marketplace. 
H.R. 2620 accomplishes this by pro-
viding an option for cotton produced and delivered in foreign markets to be classed by rating facilities closer to the point of delivery rather than by the United States Department of Agri-culture. It makes no changes to the treatment of domestically produced and delivered cotton. 
This legislation will allow any will-
ing exchange to meet industry demand to design a world cotton contract. For example, ICE Futures U.S., which has already worked with market partici-pants, has publicly announced their in-tention and preference to list a world cotton contract side by side with the domestically focused Cotton No. 2 con-tract they already list. 
H.R. 2620 allows for an important new 
contract for cotton hedging to be de-veloped, which would be beneficial to commercial hedgers. However, it is im-portant specifically to me and to oth-ers to note, it would not disrupt the in-dustry’s benchmark hedging contract, the No. 2 contract, which is relied upon by U.S. cotton producers in my district and around the country. 
Before I close, I would like to thank 
Chairman C
ONAWAY both for his contin-
ued leadership on the Agriculture Com-mittee and his efforts on this legisla-tion. Additionally, I want to thank Ranking Member D
AVID SCOTT for 
working with me on this issue over the last few months. And I would like to acknowledge L
YNN WESTMORELAND ’s 
work in this as well. He was instru-mental in advancing this issue. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
support of H.R. 2620. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I, too, have enjoyed working with my 
colleague from Georgia, the chairman of our Subcommittee on Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and Credit, Con-gressman A
USTIN SCOTT. 
Mr. Speaker, our bill, H.R. 2620, will 
modernize the way in which cotton fu-tures contracts are listed and regulated under the 1916 Cotton Futures Act. 
More specifically, as many of you 
know, the main tool used in the mar-ketplace for hedging cotton is the No. 2 contract. Currently, the No. 2 con-tract only permits cotton grown within the United States. That cotton is deliv-ered to only five United States cities: Galveston, Texas; Houston, Texas; Dal-las/Fort Worth, Texas; Greenville, South Carolina; and Memphis, Ten-nessee. Now, under the 1916 Cotton Futures 
Act, every bale of cotton tendered under a contract listed on a U.S. ex-change must be sampled and classed or graded by the United States Depart-ment of Agriculture. However, seeing that cotton is grown all over the world, my bill targets cotton that is grown and delivered outside of the United States’ borders. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, here is the prob-
lem, the concern that our bill is solv-ing. As I mentioned earlier, because of the fact that there are only five domes-tic cities that are cotton delivery points listed under the 1916 Cotton Fu-tures Act, there has been much concern that the Cotton No. 2 contract cannot accurately reflect price movement in foreign markets and, therefore, cannot provide an effective risk management tool. That is simply the problem. 
Now, to solve this problem, what our 
bill will do is simply allow U.S.-based future exchanges flexibility in how they handle foreign-grown cotton and foreign delivery points that will never touch the United States at all. 
Mr. Speaker, we live now and we op-
erate in a rapidly changing global economy. It is very important that we not put our cotton producers or our commodities exchanges into a dis-advantaged position competitively when it comes to being able to get the price fluctuations that occur in foreign markets, thereby providing our busi-nesses with the most effective tool by which they can manage their risk. 
So because the United States Depart-
ment of Agriculture does not have the manpower to deploy personnel all over the world at one time, our bill will allow cotton grown outside the United States to be classed by either a United States Department of Agriculture test-ing lab inside the United States or an international lab deemed to have com-parable comprehensive rules and regu-lations equivalent to the United States. That is it. It is clean and sim-ple. 
Our bill solves this problem. It gives 
our cotton producers and it gives our exchanges that ability to be able to know how prices are sliding in each foreign country that is producing cot-ton while, at the same time, our pro-ducers and our exchanges, without that, cannot apply good risk manage-ment. That is why this is so essential. 
So let me state again, as my col-
league from Georgia, Mr. A
USTIN  
SCOTT, made clear, I, too, want to 
make clear that our bill does not change the fact that 100 percent of all domestically produced and delivered cotton will be classed by the United States Department of Agriculture. There is absolutely no change here. 
Furthermore, the bill does not 
change or alter the Cotton No. 2 con-tract. What our bill does is simply allow our U.S.-based futures exchanges that much-needed flexibility that is needed in order to list cotton that will never touch the United States through a world cotton contract. As I said, we live in a global market-
place. It is important that our rules and regulations reflect the moderniza-tion that has happened in our global markets since this act was written 100 years ago. It is important, Mr. Speak-er, that we keep the United States economy the strongest economy in the world, and our bill, H.R. 2620, will do just. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 
2620. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, as my colleague, Mr. S
COTT, 
and I have said, this is simply a nec-essary, minor change. I would just ask all Members to support passage of H.R. 2620. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
US-
TINSCOTT) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2620, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY HEADQUARTERS CON-SOLIDATION ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1640) to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit to Con-gress a report on the Department of Homeland Security headquarters con-solidation project in the National Cap-ital Region, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1640 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department 
of Homeland Security Headquarters Consoli-dation Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. REPORT ON DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY HEADQUARTERS CON-SOLIDATION PROJECT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in co-ordination with the Administrator of Gen-eral Services, shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report on the Department of Homeland Security head-quarters consolidation project within the National Capital Region. Such report shall include each of the following: 
(1) A proposed occupancy plan for the con-
solidation project that includes specific in-formation about which Department-wide op-erations, component operations, and support offices will be located at the site, the aggre-gate number of full time equivalent employ-ees projected to occupy the site, and sched-ule estimates for migrating operations to the site. 
(2) A comprehensive assessment of the cur-
rent and future real property needed by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.026 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4565 June 23, 2015 
Department in the National Capital Region 
in order to carry out the mission of the De-partment to secure the homeland and defend the Nation against future acts of terrorism. 
(3) An analysis of the difference between 
the current and needed capital assets and fa-cilities of the Department. 
(4) A current plan for construction of the 
headquarters consolidation at the St. Eliza-beths campus that includes— 
(A) the estimated costs and schedule for 
the current plan; and 
(B) any estimated costs savings associated 
with reducing the scope of the consolidation project and increasing the use of existing ca-pacity developed under the project. 
(5) A current plan for the leased portfolio 
of the Department in the National Capital Region that includes— 
(A) the total rentable square feet, number 
of personnel, and proposed utilization rates; 
(B) the replacement and consolidation 
plan, including— 
(i) an end-state vision that identifies which 
Department-wide operations, component op-erations, and support offices do not migrate to the St. Elizabeths campus and continue to operate at a property in the leased portfolio; 
(ii) the number of full time equivalent em-
ployees who are expected to operate at each property, component, or office; and 
(iii) timing and anticipated leased terms, 
for leased space under the plan referred to in paragraph (4); and 
(C) the costs and benefits of leasing and 
construction alternatives for the head-quarters consolidation project. 
(6) A detailed list of alternatives consid-
ered by the Department during the develop-ment of the plan referred to in paragraph (4), including the costs and benefits of alter-natives to such plan. 
(b) U
PDATE OF COST AND SCHEDULE ESTI-
MATES .—Not later than 180 days after date of 
the submittal of the report required by sub-section (a), the Secretary, in coordination with the Administrator of General Services, shall complete the update of the cost and schedule estimates for the portions of the consolidation project that are not yet com-plete as of such date based on the informa-tion contained in the report. Consistent with the recommendation of the Government Ac-
countability Office in GAO–14–648, such esti-mates shall conform to relevant Federal guidance for cost and schedule estimates. 
(c) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW .— 
(1) R EVIEW REQUIRED .—The Comptroller 
General of the United States shall review the update of the cost and schedule estimates under subsection (b) to evaluate the quality and reliability of such estimates. 
(2) A
SSESSMENT .—Not later than 60 days 
after the completion of the update of the cost and schedule estimates under subsection (b), the Comptroller General shall report to the appropriate congressional committees on the results of the review required by para-graph (1). 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this Act: 
(1) The term ‘‘National Capital Region’’ 
has the meaning given such term under sec-tion 2674(f)(2) of title 10, United States Code. 
(2) The term ‘‘appropriate committees of 
Congress’’ means the Committee on Home-land Security and the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the 
gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ) each will control 20 
minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from North Carolina. 
b1615 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of H.R. 1640. Mr. Speaker, since 2006, the Department of Homeland Security and the General Services Administra-tion have been working towards com-pleting a consolidated headquarters on the historic St. Elizabeths campus in Washington, D.C. 
However, as with many other Federal 
projects, the consolidation has run up against cost overruns and construction delays, at times estimated to be more than $1 billion over budget and 12 years behind schedule. 
Earlier this year, I visited the site 
personally to see firsthand the progress being made and the immense chal-lenges that lie ahead. I remain con-cerned that taxpayers’ dollars will be put at risk without better manage-ment. 
This bill, H.R. 1640, the DHS Head-
quarters Consolidation Accountability Act of 2015, would require the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, in coordi-nation with the Administrator of Gen-eral Services, to investigate and sub-mit a report on the estimated costs and property needs of the project. 
While we were encouraged by the up-
dated DHS St. Elizabeths plans pub-lished earlier this year, we still believe that increased oversight of the consoli-dation project will help ensure ac-countability and the efficient use of our constituents’ taxpayer dollars. 
Mr. Speaker, accountability is a fun-
damental aspect of citizen-ruled gov-ernment and something that our con-stituents expect their representatives to uphold. H.R. 1640 does just this, and I look forward to the bipartisan sup-port this legislation will receive. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  
INFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, June 15, 2015. 
Hon. M ICHAEL MCCAUL, 
Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, 
Ford House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I write con-
cerning H.R. 1640, the Department of Home-land Security Headquarters Consolidation Accountably Act of 2015. This legislation in-cludes matters that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
In order to expedite floor consideration of 
H.R. 1640, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forgo action on this bill. However, this is conditional on our mu-tual understanding that forgoing consider-
ation of the bill does not prejudice the Com-mittee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. I re-quest you urge the Speaker to name mem-bers of the Committee to any conference committee named to consider such provi-sions. 
Please place a copy of this letter and your 
response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest into the Congressional Record dur-ing consideration of the measure on the house floor. 
Sincerely, 
B
ILLSHUSTER , 
Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, June 17, 2015 
Hon. B ILLSHUSTER , 
Chairman, Committee on Transportation and 
Infrastructure, Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER , Thank you for 
your letter regarding H.R. 1640, the ‘‘Depart-ment of Homeland Security Headquarters Consolidation Accountability Act of 2015.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this leg-islation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure will not seek a sequential referral on the bill. 
The Committee on Homeland Security con-
curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing a sequential referral of this bill at this time, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure does not waive any juris-diction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support a request by the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure for conferees on those provisions within your jurisdiction. 
I will insert copies of this exchange in the 
Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. 
Sincerely, 
M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, 
Chairman, 
Committee on Homeland Security. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I rise in strong sup-port of H.R. 1640, the Department of Homeland Security Headquarters Con-solidation Accountability Act of 2015. 
Mr. Speaker, in 2006, 3 years into the 
Department of Homeland Security’s ex-istence, President Bush proposed con-
solidating the headquarters functions of the Department and its components from the more than 50 locations to the St. Elizabeths campus in southeast Washington, D.C. 
Construction began in 2009, but be-
tween sequestration and tightening budgets, appropriations for the project have been $1.2 billion less than Presi-dent Bush and President Obama re-quested. 
Naturally, Congress’ failure to con-
sistently and adequately fund the project has greatly slowed construction and led to increased costs. It has also forced DHS to revisit its master plan and reduce the scope of the project. 
At this juncture, it is important that 
the Department have a realistic and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JN7.013 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4566 June 23, 2015 
achievable plan. The legislation under 
consideration seeks to do just that. If enacted, this legislation would require the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit to Congress an updated plan for St. Elizabeths to inform future funding decisions. 
Importantly, H.R. 1640 requires the 
submission of a proposed occupancy plan for St. Elizabeths that includes a list of components and offices to be housed there. A key consequence of the Department having to scale down the breadth of its consolidation plans is the reality that its portfolio of leased space will need to remain large. 
In fact, with up to 69 percent of DHS’ 
commercial leases in the national cap-ital region expiring between fiscal years 2016 to 2020, we should all be aware that DHS will be forced to em-bark on the expensive process of re-competing and possibly relocating its operations and personnel. 
Before I reserve the balance of my 
time, I would like to acknowledge that I am pleased that the bill includes an amendment I offered to give the De-partment adequate time to engage the General Services Administration, the construction manager for the project, in preparing the updated plans, assess-ments, and estimates. 
GSA’s participation in the develop-
ment of these key materials is essen-tial to ensuring that what is trans-mitted to Congress is realistic and achievable. 
As a supporter of the St. Elizabeths 
project and DHS’ Unity of Effort initia-tive, I urge passage of H.R. 1640. Co-location of DHS’ personnel in one head-quarters has the potential of not only achieving cost savings, but fostering an environment where integration and collaboration drives more effective and efficient operations. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I have no 
more speakers, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
I appreciate the bipartisan approach 
taken on this legislation. The St. Eliz-abeths project is about more than real estate; it is about ensuring the Depart-ment of Homeland Security has a home where diverse components can come to-gether. 
That is the thinking behind the Sec-
retary’s Unity of Effort initiative. En-actment of this legislation will help to ensure that DHS has a realistic plan for St. Elizabeths. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank 
Chairman M
CCAUL and the gentleman 
from North Carolina (Mr. W ALKER ) for 
their work on this legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
I, once again, urge my colleagues to 
support this strong bipartisan piece of legislation, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-
ior member of the Homeland Security Com-mittee, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1640, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Head-quarters Consolidation Accountability Act of 2015.’’ 
I support this bipartisan legislation which di-
rects the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit to Congress a report on the Depart-ment of Homeland Security headquarters con-solidation project in the National Capital Re-gion. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues on the 
Homeland Security Committee for unani-mously supporting the inclusion of my amend-ments to H.R. 1640. 
Together, the Jackson Lee amendments of-
fered a comprehensive look at the Depart-ment’s real estate obligations related to its headquarters consolidation project at St. Eliza-beths, as well as its leased portfolio in the Na-tional Capital Region. 
Further, the Jackson Lee amendments help 
clarify how DHS will relocate its personnel and operations at the headquarters level and across its components at St. Elizabeths as construction continues on the headquarters consolidation project. 
Mr. Speaker, since DHS initiated its head-
quarters consolidation in 2006, it has pro-gressed despite changes in senior leadership and waning funding support from Congress. 
As a result, in April 2015, DHS and GSA 
announced that the construction sequence and timetable for the headquarters consolida-tion would be adjusted to reflect reduced fund-
ing by Congress. 
DHS must now re-compete up to 69 percent 
of its commercial leases in the National Cap-ital Region as they are scheduled to expire between 2016 and 2020. 
My first amendment directs DHS to provide 
information related to the expected timing and terms of any lease renewals in the National Capital Region. 
My second amendment requires the Depart-
ment to report on the numbers of its full-time equivalents who are expected to occupy each DHS-leased or owned property, which will guide the Department in adjusting its expendi-tures on the headquarters consolidation project. 
Together, they will ensure that DHS and 
GSA develop a comprehensive picture of which employees and operations will migrate to St. Elizabeths and which will not. 
I urge all of my colleagues to join me in 
strong support of the suspension bill, H.R. 1640, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Headquarters Consolidation Accountability Act of 2015.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1640, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
DHS PAID ADMINISTRATIVE 
LEAVE ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015 
Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1633) to provide for certain 
improvements relating to the tracking and reporting of employees of the De-partment of Homeland Security placed on administrative leave, or any other type of paid non-duty status without charge to leave, for personnel matters, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1633 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘DHS Paid 
Administrative Leave Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
IMPROVED INTERNAL TRACKING AND REPORTING OF ADMINISTRA-TIVE LEAVE FOR PERSONNEL MAT-TERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title I of the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 104. INTERNAL TRACKING AND REPORTING 
OF ADMINISTRATIVE LEAVE FOR PERSONNEL MATTERS. 
‘‘(a) I NTERNAL REPORTING .—Not later than 
90 days after the date of the enactment of the DHS Paid Administrative Leave Ac-countability Act of 2015, and quarterly there-after, the head of each component of the De-partment shall submit to the Chief Human Capital Officer of the Department— 
‘‘(1) the number of employees of the com-
ponent who had been on administrative leave, or any other type of paid non-duty status without charge to leave, for personnel matters for a period of six consecutive months or longer as of the last day of the pe-riod covered by the report; 
‘‘(2) the total cost to the component asso-
ciated with such administrative leave and such paid non-duty status (including salary and benefits) for the period covered by the report; and 
‘‘(3) the average duration that employees 
are placed on administrative leave, or any other type of paid non-duty status without charge to leave, for personnel matters for a period of six consecutive months or longer, as of the last day of the period covered by the report for the component. 
‘‘(b) CHCO T
RACKING .—The Chief Human 
Capital Officer shall— 
‘‘(1) maintain records of the number of em-
ployees of the Department who are placed on administrative leave or paid non-duty status without charge to leave for personnel mat-ters and the costs (including salary and ben-efits) associated with such leave or non-duty status; and 
‘‘(2) in consultation with the head of each 
of the components of the Department, deter-mine any appropriate actions to be taken by the Department to resolve any personnel matter objectively, appropriately, and expe-ditiously or to reduce the use of administra-tive leave and paid non-duty status without charge to leave in addressing any personnel matter. 
‘‘(c) P
ERSONNEL MATTERS DEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘personnel matters’ means, with respect to an employee, any personnel investigation (including any investigation into misconduct and any national security or suitability investigation), any criminal matter, or any adverse action proposed or taken by the Department, including any ac-tion under chapter 75 of title 5, United States Code. 
‘‘(d) L
EVERAGE OF EXISTING SYSTEMS .—In 
carrying out this section, the Secretary is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.030 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4567 June 23, 2015 
encouraged to leverage systems and oper-
ations in use on the date of enactment of the DHS Paid Administrative Leave Account-ability Act of 2015 to implement the require-ments of this section.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents in section 1(b) of such Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 103 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 104. Internal tracking and reporting of 
administrative leave for per-sonnel matters.’’. 
SEC. 3. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
POLICY RELATING TO EMPLOYEES ON ADMINISTRATIVE LEAVE. 
By not later than 90 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Chief Human Capital Officer of the Department of Home-land Security shall develop and implement a Department-wide policy in accordance with existing Federal guidance specifically re-lated to the use of administrative leave, or any other type of paid non-duty status with-out charge to leave, for personnel matters. Such policy shall include the responsibilities of the components of the Department for re-porting information relating to such admin-istrative leave and such paid non-duty status to the Chief Human Capital Officer, as re-quired under section 104(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296), as added by section 2. Such policy shall provide guidance on expediting the resolution of a personnel matter for which an employee has been on administrative leave or any other type of paid non-duty status without charge to leave for a period of six consecutive months or longer in an objective and appro-priate manner. 
SEC. 4. REPORTS TO CONGRESS ON DEPART-
MENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY EM-PLOYEES ON ADMINISTRATIVE LEAVE FOR PERSONNEL MATTERS. 
(a) Q UARTERLY REPORTS .—Not later than 30 
days after the last day of each calendar quar-ter of 2016, 2017, and 2018, the Chief Human Capital Officer of the Department of Home-land Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the number of Depart-ment employees on administrative leave, and any other type of paid non-duty status without charge to leave, for personnel mat-ters for a period of six consecutive months or longer as of the last day of the quarter cov-ered by the report. Each such report shall in-clude— 
(1) the costs to the Department associated 
with the placement of such employees on ad-ministrative leave or such paid non-duty sta-tus (including salary and benefits) for the pe-riod covered by the report; and 
(2) a description of any actions taken by 
the Department to resolve any personnel matter for which an employee has been placed on administrative leave or paid non- duty status without charge to leave. 
(b) P
ERSONNEL MATTERS .—In this section, 
the term ‘‘personnel matters’’ has the mean-ing given such term in section 104(c) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296), as added by section 2. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ) and the gen-
tlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W AT-
SONCOLEMAN ) each will control 20 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Georgia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-
marks and include any extraneous ma-terial on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I believe our children 
and grandchildren deserve a better gov-ernment than the one that we are pass-ing on to them. Families are struggling due to a lagging economy. Government intrusion and senseless regulations on businesses are pushing jobs overseas. With the recent rash of scandals within our Federal Government, the American people are continually losing their faith in representatives of our govern-ment. 
I know we can do better, and the 
American people expect to see change. I came to Congress to make a dif-ference, to cut spending, to eliminate waste, and to hold Big Government bu-reaucrats accountable and make this Nation a place that is more free, safe, and full of opportunity. 
This is what the American people ex-
pect from us, and now is the time for us to take bold and decisive action, and 
that is why I am standing here today. 
The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity has roughly 240,000 employees who work around the clock to protect the lives and liberties of Americans, and I am grateful for their dedicated service. 
However, due to a lack of proper 
management and accountability, there are numbers of DHS employees who are staying at home and drawing a pay-check while being investigated for acts of misconduct. 
In May of 2014, the former deputy in-
spector general at the Department of Homeland Security was accused of al-tering reports and delaying investiga-tions. One of those investigations was the Secret Service prostitution scandal that occurred in 2012. 
The Senate Subcommittee on Finan-
cial and Contracting Oversight delved into this case, which also led to further investigations. However, even though the former deputy inspector general was being investigated for gross mis-conduct, he was placed on administra-tive leave, receiving full pay and bene-fits for almost an entire year. 
We all know that there are occa-
sional incidents like this in any organi-zation. However, if this was an isolated case, I would not be standing here today presenting this bill, but there are numerous cases like it. 
The Government Accountability Of-
fice reported that from 2011 to 2013, the Department of Homeland Security pro-vided its employees with over 1.5 mil-lion days of paid administrative leave, equating to over $380 million in tax-payer dollars. Most of this paid leave was granted to employees who were on administrative leave for reasons of misconduct. 
Unfortunately, the Department has 
no agencywide standards or reporting policies regarding paid administrative 
leave for employees being investigated for misconduct. This lack of manage-ment and accountability allows em-ployees with disciplinary issues, like the former deputy inspector general, to fall through the cracks. 
This bill, H.R. 1633, the DHS Paid Ad-
ministrative Leave Accountability Act of 2015, requires the Chief Human Cap-ital Officer to implement an agency-wide policy regarding those who are on paid administrative leave for more than 6 months being investigated for misconduct. In addition, it requires the Department to report to Congress the number of employees on administra-tive leave during investigation, as well as the associated costs. 
Having a commonsense policy, as 
mandated by this bill, will potentially save the Department millions of dol-lars and provide for critical oversight and accountability. 
The bill will also require the Chief 
Human Capital Officer to submit quar-terly reports to the House and Senate Homeland Security Committees. These reports will allow more oversight by Congress and ensure DHS is no longer squandering hard-working taxpayer dollars. 
DHS must do a better job of tracking 
employees under investigation for mis-conduct and, in a timely manner, take appropriate action to hold them ac-countable. Employees who tarnish the Department’s reputation do not de-serve paid vacations at taxpayer ex-pense. 
Americans are tired of government 
carelessly giving away their future through mismanagement and thought-less spending habits. 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
passage of H.R. 1633, a commonsense bill that will help prevent fraud, allevi-ate waste, and better safeguard tax-payer dollars. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and rise in strong sup-port of H.R. 1633, the DHS Paid Admin-istrative Leave Accountability Act of 2015. 
Mr. Speaker, this measure which was 
unanimously approved in committee, seeks to enhance how certain paid ad-ministrative leave is tracked and man-aged by the Department of Homeland Security. 
H.R. 1633 was introduced in response 
to a 2014 Government Accountability Office report that looked at paid ad-ministrative leave expenditures across government between fiscal years 2011 and 2014. 
In that report, GAO found that, over-
all, agencies spent $3.1 billion on paid administrative leave. Of that amount, the Department of Homeland Security spent $380 million on this category of leave. Agencies approve administrative leave for a variety of reasons, from se-vere weather events, to jury duty, to voting, to disciplinary matters subject to investigation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JN7.014 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4568 June 23, 2015 
H.R. 1633 focuses on helping to im-
prove DHS’ management of just one segment of paid administrative leave expenditures, leave that is paid for 6 or more consecutive months to an em-ployee that is under investigation by the Department for a conduct or crimi-nal matter. 
This legislation directs the Depart-
ment’s Chief Human Capital Officer to maintain records from throughout the Department on the number of employ-ees who are paid leave for 6 or more consecutive months during a DHS per-sonnel investigation; the total costs, including salaries and benefits associ-ated with this leave; and the average length of time that an employee in these circumstances is on paid admin-istrative leave. 
H.R. 1633 also directs the Depart-
ment’s Chief Human Capital Officer to develop and implement department-wide policy on how components can comply with this recordkeeping re-quirement and guidance and on how components can expedite the resolu-tion of personnel matters for an em-ployee in these circumstances. 
In committee, language I authored 
was accepted to ensure that when a component expeditiously works to re-solve personnel matters, as directed by this bill, that component must do so in a way that is objective and fair. 
b1630 
The addition of this language is im-
portant because we do not want to cre-ate the impression that Congress val-ues expediency and cost-cutting over fairness. 
Even as we look to foster greater ac-
countability, we must not lose sight of the fact that we are talking about peo-ple’s careers here. 
Before I close, I would add that this 
legislation does nothing to disturb the discretion that the Department has to make leave decisions, and this bill should not impact the availability of paid administrative leave to the DHS workforce. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT), my good 
friend. 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1633, the DHS Paid Administrative Leave Accountability Act of 2015, in-troduced by my colleague from Geor-gia, B
ARRY LOUDERMILK . 
Over the span of 2 years, Department 
of Homeland Security employees racked up approximately 1.5 million days of paid administrative leave, which amounts to hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars. Some of these em-ployees were placed on leave due to in-vestigations into alleged misconduct. 
Stopping wasteful government spend-
ing has been a top priority for me dur-ing my time in Congress, which is why I am proud to cosponsor this piece of legislation. This bill increases government trans-
parency by establishing an account-ability system within the Department of Homeland Security. This system is essential in safeguarding against waste, fraud, and abuse. 
I am glad that it is a bipartisan 
measure. I look forward to its passage, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1633 and stand with this common-sense legislation that saves taxpayer dollars. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ), my colleague, 
friend, and fellow member of the Home-land Security Committee. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today in support of H.R. 1633. 
From 2011 to 2013, over 200 DHS em-
ployees were placed on paid adminis-trative leave. While administrative leave may be necessary on a case-by- case basis, more frequently, we hear of Federal employees who are under in-vestigation for conduct-related ac-tions. These investigations can last for several months, which can result in a substantial cost to taxpayers. 
For example, in 2013, a DHS employee 
was placed on paid administrative leave for running a Web site that pre-dicted and advocated a race war. Such action should not involve paid leave. It clearly should involve termination of employment. 
Another example involves former 
Acting and Deputy DHS Inspector Gen-eral Charles Edwards. Mr. Edwards was placed on paid leave in May of 2014. As of October 2014, he was still on paid ad-ministrative leave. 
This bill protects precious taxpayer 
dollars by requiring DHS to track and report on employees placed on adminis-trative leave for personnel matters. By keeping track of who is on paid admin-istrative leave, we can better ensure we are not using the taxpayers’ dime to 
pay for DHS employee misconduct. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, as I mentioned before, 
this legislation would do nothing to disturb the availability of paid admin-istrative leave for DHS workers who need it to vote or to serve on a jury. It is narrowly focused on getting a handle on how much the Department is spend-ing on paid administrative leave for in-dividuals under investigation for 6 or more months. 
These circumstances are often tough 
for all involved. The sooner there is an appropriate resolution, the better it is for everyone involved. If enacted, H.R. 1633 would help to ensure that such matters are resolved in a timely and appropriate manner. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge passage, and I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, once again, I urge my 
colleagues to support this strong, com-monsense, and bipartisan piece of legis-lation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-
ior member of the Homeland Security Com-mittee, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1633, the ‘‘DHS Paid Administrative Leave Account-ability Act of 2015.’’ 
This bill makes needed improvements relat-
ing to the tracking and reporting of employees of the Department of Homeland Security in-cluding administrative leave, or any other type of paid non-duty status without charge to leave, and personal matters, and for other pur-poses. 
I support this bipartisan legislation, which 
amends the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the head of each component of the De-partment of Homeland Security to submit on a quarterly basis two reports to the Chief Human Capital Officer of DHS. 
Mr. Speaker, Title I of Homeland Security 
Act would be amended by adding Section 104 which provides for the improvement of internal tracking and reporting for administrative leave. 
First, this bill directs that the number of em-
ployees who had been on administrative leave, or any other type of paid non-duty sta-tus without charge to leave, for personnel mat-ters for six consecutive months or longer be reported. 
Second, DHS agency heads must report the 
total cost to the component associated with such leave and paid non-duty status for that quarter. 
The Chief Human Capital Officer is respon-
sible for determining appropriate actions to be taken by DHS to resolve any personnel matter expeditiously or to eliminate or reduce the use of such leave and paid non-duty status in ad-dressing any personnel matter. 
The Chief HCO is also to develop and im-
plement a department-wide policy in accord-ance with existing federal guidance specifically related to the use of such leave of paid non- duty status for personnel matters. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1633 enhances trans-
parency and allows for more fiscally conserv-ative policy in regards to the costs associated with paid administrative leave. 
However, it may be more difficult to accom-
plish this level of transparency in regards to how data for leave is extracted and recorded. 
These are time sensitive additions which will 
require that within 90 days of the enactment of this Act, and quarterly thereafter, the depart-ment heads are required to submit their re-ports to the Chief Officer. 
In that same time span the Chief HC Officer 
is to promulgate a department-wide policy in accordance with existing Federal guidance specifically related to the use of administrative leave. 
I join my colleagues in working to strength-
en efficiency in all areas of government and supporting fiscally conservative methods to achieve this goal. 
I urge all of my colleagues to join me in 
supporting the passage of H.R. 1633. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1633, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.032 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4569 June 23, 2015 
rules were suspended and the bill, as 
amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
HOMELAND SECURITY DRONE 
ASSESSMENT AND ANALYSIS ACT 
Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1646) to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to research how small- and medium-sized unmanned aerial systems could be used in an at-tack, how to prevent or mitigate the effects of such an attack, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1646 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Homeland 
Security Drone Assessment and Analysis Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DRONE ASSESSMENT AND ANALYSIS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-
land Security shall, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Trans-portation, the Secretary of Energy, and the Chairman of the Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission research how commercially avail-able small and medium sized unmanned air-craft, excluding aircraft over 1,300 pounds could be used to perpetuate an attack and, based on such research, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall develop policies, guidance, and protocols for the Department of Homeland Security to prevent such an at-tack or mitigate the risks of such an attack. Not later than 180 days after the completion of the research required under this sub-section, the Secretary of Homeland Security may provide, as appropriate, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Transportation, the Secretary of Energy, and the Chairman of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission infor-mation, based on such research, regarding how to best prevent and mitigate the risk of such an attack. 
(b) D
ISSEMINATION TO STATE AND LOCAL OF-
FICIALS .—The Secretary of Homeland Secu-
rity shall disseminate information to State, local, and tribal law enforcement officials and State and major urban area fusion cen-ters, as appropriate, regarding how such offi-cials may bolster preparedness for and re-sponses to attacks perpetrated by commer-cially available small and medium sized un-manned aircraft, excluding aircraft over 1,300 pounds. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall sub-mit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science and Transpor-tation of the Senate an assessment of the se-curity risk associated with commercially available small and medium sized unmanned aircraft, excluding aircraft over 1,300 pounds. Such assessment shall be informed by re-search conducted in accordance with sub-section (a), shall contain recommendations, if applicable, to prevent and mitigate the risk of an unmanned aircraft system attack, and may be developed in coordination with the Centers of Excellence of the Department of Homeland Security and other academic institutions. (d) P
ROHIBITION ON NEW FUNDING .—No 
funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act. This Act shall be carried out using amounts appropriated or otherwise made available for such purposes. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ) and the gen-
tlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W AT-
SONCOLEMAN ) each will control 20 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Georgia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
1646. 
The rapid increase of commercially 
available small-and medium-sized un-manned aerial systems, or UAS, most often referred to as drones, poses an emerging security threat. This is fur-ther evidenced by recent high-profile events at the White House, French nu-clear power plants, and numerous air-ports and sports venues. Drones have been a part of foiled terrorist plots, used to smuggle drugs across our bor-ders, and the negligent use of this tech-nology presents a public safety risk. 
During this Congress, bills have been 
introduced that focus on topics such as the commercial uses of drones and the privacy concerns associated with their use. However, nobody has tackled the 
security implications of expanding the use of drones. H.R. 1646, the Homeland Security Drone Assessment and Anal-ysis Act, requires the Secretary of Homeland Security to research how commercially available small- and me-dium-sized drones could be used in an attack and to develop policies, guid-ance, and protocols for the Department of Homeland Security to prevent an at-tack. 
By the end of fiscal year 2015, the 
Federal Aviation Administration is ex-pected to establish new rules to remove the waiver requirement and allow the operation of drones for nonrecreational purposes in U.S. airspace. Undoubtedly, these regulations would be better in-formed by a DHS assessment of the po-tential security risks associated with the expanded use of small- and me-dium-sized drones. H.R. 1646 is a good first step towards protecting the coun-try and the American people from this emerging threat. 
I reserve the balance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  
INFRASTRUCTURE , W ASHINGTON , 
DC, J UNE9, 2015. 
Hon. M ICHAEL T. M CCAUL 
Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I write con-
cerning H.R. 1646, the Homeland Security Drone Assessment and Analysis Act. This legislation includes matters that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
In order to expedite floor consideration of 
H.R. 1646, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forgo action on this bill. However, this is conditional on our mu-tual understanding that forgoing consider-ation of the bill does not prejudice the Com-mittee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. In addi-tion, the bill’s sponsor and the Committee on Homeland Security have agreed to include two changes to the bill in a Manager’s Amendment on the House Floor. Finally, I request you urge the Speaker to name mem-bers of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure to any conference com-mittee named to consider H.R. 1646. 
Please place a copy of this letter and your 
response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest into the Congressional Record dur-ing consideration of the measure on the House floor. 
Sincerely, 
B
ILLSHUSTER , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , 
Washington, DC, June 10, 2015. 
Hon. B ILLSHUSTER , 
Chairman, Committee on Transportation and 
Infrastructure, Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER , Thank you for 
your letter regarding H.R. 1646, the ‘‘Home-land Security Drone Assessment and Anal-ysis Act.’’ I appreciate your support in bring-ing this legislation before the House of Rep-resentatives, and accordingly, understand that the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forego further action on the bill. 
The Committee on Homeland Security con-
curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing further action on this bill at this time, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure does not waive any jurisdic-tion over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure represented on the conference committee. 
I will insert copies of this exchange in the 
report on the bill and in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the house floor. I thank you for your co-operation in this matter. 
Sincerely, 
M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, 
Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in strong support of H.R. 1646, 
the Homeland Security Drone Assess-ment and Analysis Act, and in support of the House’s adoption of H.R. 1646. I introduced this legislation in response to testimony that we received in com-mittee this past March on gaps in our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.034 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4570 June 23, 2015 
understanding of the security implica-
tions of unmanned aerial systems, UAS, in domestic airspace. 
For example, off-the-shelf systems 
widely available today, in the wrong hands, can jam transmitted signals, take surveillance imagery, and carry dangerous weapons. Given these sys-tems’ capabilities, it is important that there be a comprehensive study of the security risks and plans to address them. 
To that end, H.R. 1646 directs the De-
partment of Homeland Security to re-search how a commercially available small- and medium-sized drone could be used to perpetrate an attack, and to develop policies, guidance, and proto-cols to prevent such an attack or miti-gate the risk of such an attack. 
As amended in committee, my legis-
lation directs DHS to work with the 
U.S. Departments of Transportation and Energy and the Nuclear Regu-latory Commission to carry out this re-search, and allows for DHS to share ad-vice and information based on that re-search with these key Federal part-ners. 
Mr. Speaker, drone technology holds 
great promise, with significant social and economic benefits not yet fully re-alized. However, given the rapid growth in the domestic drone market, it is im-portant that we identify and have strategies to mitigate the associated security risk. 
If enacted, H.R. 1646 will enhance our 
Nation’s security while, at the same time, clarifying the framework for Americans’ legitimate interest in pro-ducing and using drones lawfully and safely. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this legislation, H.R. 1646, to further the Department of Homeland Security’s efforts to work with other agencies on the security risks of small- and medium-sized drones in domestic airspace. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, 
once again, I urge my colleagues to support this strong, bipartisan piece of legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-
ior member of the Homeland Security Com-mittee, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1646, the ‘‘Homeland Security Drone Assessment and Analysis Act.’’ 
I support this bipartisan legislation because 
it addresses the potential terrorist threat posed by small and medium-sized drones throughout our country. 
I thank my colleague, Congresswoman 
W
ATSON COLEMAN of New Jersey, for intro-
ducing this thoughtful and necessary legisla-tion that will assist the Department of Home-land Security. 
The Homeland Security Drone Assessment 
and Analysis Act would require the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to research how commercially available small and medium- sized drones could be used to perpetrate an attack. 
Agencies will be tasked with the responsi-
bility of taking the lead for developing effective policies and guidance along with the proper 
protocols which will assist in preventing an at-tack perpetrated with a drone. 
Information regarding how to properly re-
spond to the potential threats from these drones will be distributed to state and local law enforcement agencies to allow them to de-velop approaches to mitigate identified threats. 
The protocols that will be developed as a 
result of this legislation will assist every level of law enforcement in coordinated responses to a drone related emergency. 
Recent news reports of small drones crash-
ing in areas such as on the White House lawn and incidents including near misses with com-mercial aircraft demonstrate the need for this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, one of the most important 
things that can and must continue to be done is to protect our homeland from evolving threats. 
Mr. Speaker, this is why I join my col-
leagues in working to strengthen the laws that allow the Department of Homeland Security to create policies that will address emergency protocol threats such as the proliferation of commercial use of drones. 
I urge all of my colleagues to join me in 
supporting passage of H.R. 1646. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H. R. 1646, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The title of the bill was amended so 
as to read: A bill to require the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to re-search how certain commercially avail-able small and medium sized unmanned aircraft systems could be used in an at-tack, how to prevent or mitigate the risk of such an attack, and for other purposes.’’. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
DHS FOIA EFFICIENCY ACT OF 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1615) to direct the Chief FOIA Officer of the Department of Homeland Security to make certain improvements in the implementation of section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Free-dom of Information Act), and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1615 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘DHS FOIA 
Efficiency Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT IM-PLEMENTATION. 
(a) D EADLINE FOR UPDATING REGULA -
TIONS .—Not later than 90 days after the date 
of the enactment of this Act, the Chief FOIA Officer of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, as appointed pursuant to section 552(j) 
of title 5, United States Code, shall finalize and issue an updated regulation imple-menting section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Freedom of Information Act), which shall include— 
(1) public guidance on procedures to be fol-
lowed when making requests under para-graph (1), (2), or (3) of section 552(a) of title 5, United States Code; 
(2) updated guidance to the components of 
the Department responsible for processing such requests, which may include informa-tion on how to adopt automated processing of requests made under paragraphs (1), (2), or (3) of section 552(a) of title 5, United States Code; 
(3) detailed information on fees and costs 
associated with such requests; and 
(4) detailed information on the appeals 
process for such requests. 
(b) I
DENTIFICATION OF COSTS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief FOIA Officer, in coordination with the Chief Financial Officer of the Depart-ment and the heads of each of the relevant components of the Department, shall iden-tify the total annual cost to the Department of implementing section 552 of title 5, United States Code. 
(2) G
UIDANCE .—The Chief FOIA Officer 
shall develop guidance on reporting stand-ards related to the direct and indirect costs to the Department associated with the proc-
essing of requests made under paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) of section 552(a) of title 5, United States Code. 
(c) C
OSTSAVINGS .—The Chief FOIA Officer, 
in collaboration with the heads of each of the relevant components of the Department, shall— 
(1) identify unnecessary and duplicative 
actions taken by the Department in the course of processing requests made under paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) of section 552(a) of title 5, United States Code, by not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act; and 
(2) eliminate unnecessary and duplicative 
actions taken by the Department in the course of processing requests made under paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) of section 552(a) of title 5, United States Code, by not later than 12 months after the identification of such ac-tion under paragraph (1). 
(d) FOIA T
RACKING SYSTEMS .—Not later 
than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief FOIA Officer shall de-velop a plan to automate the processing of requests made under paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) of section 552(a) of title 5, United States Code to the Department. Such plan shall take into account the specific needs of each of the components of the Department respon-sible for processing such requests and ad-dress required and recommended technology capabilities and elements. Such plan shall include an assessment of the costs and bene-fits associated with establishing and using electronic processing systems to process re-quests made under paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) of section 552(a) of title 5, United States Code. 
(e) FOIA B
ACKLOG .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief Privacy Officer of the Department, in consultation with the Chief FOIA Officer, shall update and issue guidance to the heads of each of the relevant components of the Department regarding the goal of reducing the backlog in processing requests made under paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) of section 552(a) of title 5, United States Code, by 50 percent between fiscal year 2015 and fiscal year 2018. 
(f) R
EPORT .— 
(1) S EMIANNUAL PRIVACY REPORT .—The 
Chief FOIA Officer shall include in each 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.036 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4571 June 23, 2015 
semiannual privacy report submitted under 
section 1062(f) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee–1(f)) each of the following: 
(A) The total costs to the Department of 
meeting the requirements of section 552 of title 5, United States Code, for the period covered by the report. 
(B) An assessment of progress made toward 
meeting the backlog goals pursuant to sub-section (e) during the period covered by the report and the periods covered by the two preceding reports. 
(C) An assessment of whether the Depart-
ment has adequate staffing and other re-sources to address the backlog goals pursu-ant to subsection (e) for processing requests made under paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) of sec-tion 552(a) of title 5, United States Code. 
(D) An assessment of the progress made to-
wards automating the processing of requests made under paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) of sec-tion 552(a) of title 5, United States Code, dur-ing the period covered by the report. 
(2) F
ISCAL YEAR 2016 REQUIREMENTS .—The 
Chief FOIA Officer shall include in the sec-ond semiannual privacy report for fiscal year 2016 each of the following: 
(A) A description of any cost savings iden-
tified under subsection (d). 
(B) The plan developed under subsection 
(d). 
(g) D
UPLICATIVE ACTION DEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘‘duplicative actions’’ means actions carried out by two or more components or programs that are engaged in the same activities or provide the same serv-
ices related to the processing of FOIA re-quests to the same beneficiaries. 
SEC. 3. PROGRESS ON AUTOMATION. 
Upon completion of the plan to automate 
the processing of requests made under para-graphs (1), (2), and (3) of section 552(a) of title 5, United States Code, the Chief FOIA Officer shall provide the plan to the heads of the components of the Department and seek written feedback from each head of a compo-nent agency regarding the extent to which that component will adopt the plan, the as-sociated costs, and the projected timelines. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) and the gentle-
woman from New Jersey (Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Georgia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include any extraneous ma-terials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of H.R. 1615. 
In November of 2014, it was reported 
that DHS had received and processed the most FOIA requests out of any Federal department. It holds the larg-est backlog of unprocessed FOIA re-quests of any Federal agency. In fact, since 2010, DHS FOIA requests have in-creased by over 65 percent, and DHS currently holds almost half of all Fed-eral FOIA requests of any government agency—about 50,000 of 95,000 requests. In addition, 3 weeks ago, I was in-
formed that the increase in DHS FOIA requests was partly due to requests for immigration records for people re-questing information for their future deferred action cases. My bill, H.R. 1615, the DHS FOIA Efficiency Act of 2015, streamlines the process to address the tremendous workload and backlog 
and bring transparency to the cost of FOIA requests to the Department. 
In the recent past, DHS has received 
poor evaluations regarding its effi-ciency in handling FOIA requests. For these reasons, my bill directs the chief FOIA officer of DHS to work with other officers within the Department to update their capabilities in handling the large amount of FOIA requests and identify the total annual costs associ-ated with processing these requests. 
By updating their capabilities and re-
porting to Congress on how the Depart-ment is addressing their poor perform-ance, my bill will direct the Depart-ment to address its backlog and ineffi-ciencies in an appropriate and quick manner. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in strong support of H.R. 1615, 
the DHS FOIA Efficiency Act. 
b1645 
Mr. Speaker, this legislation, which 
was unanimously approved by the com-mittee on May 20, seeks to improve the Department’s processing of Freedom of Information Act requests. 
In November 2014, the Comptroller 
General reported that DHS faces the largest backlog of unprocessed FOIA requests of any Federal agency. While resource challenges and inefficiencies in DHS’ internal processes help explain in part the backlog, we must not be complacent and accept these chal-lenges as excuses for the backlog. 
A cornerstone of our democracy is 
that the government is accountable to its citizens. The FOIA process is a key mechanism to ensure accountability. I am pleased that the approach taken under this bill is consistent with the Department’s unity of effort initiative. 
Specifically, H.R. 1615 requires that 
the Department’s chief FOIA officer collaborate with FOIA officials in com-ponent agencies to track the total an-nual costs associated with processing FOIA requests, identify and adopt cost- savings measures, and strategize on ad-dressing the backlog. 
Mr. Speaker, I would also note that 
in committee, measures authored by Democratic members to promote auto-mation and address staffing resources were adopted with bipartisan support. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 
1615, a bipartisan bill that seeks to im-prove the responsiveness of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to the American public, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I have no more speakers, and I re-serve the balance of my time Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, timely compliance with 
FOIA requests is imperative to an open government. The DHS FOIA backlog has existed for too long and needs to be addressed. 
I thank Representative C
ARTER and 
Chairman M CCAULfor their bipartisan 
efforts on the DHS FOIA Efficiency Act, which marks an important first step in addressing this FOIA backlog and promoting greater automation in the processing of requests. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, once again, I urge my colleagues to support this strong, bipartisan piece of legislation, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-
ior member of the Judiciary and Homeland Security Committees, and I rise in strong sup-port of H.R. 1615, the ‘‘DHS FOIA Efficiency Act of 2015.’’ 
I support this bipartisan legislation, which 
addresses DHS’ FOIA backlog by requiring the department’s chief FOIA officer to issue updated regulations on obtaining records under the Act. 
I am pleased that H.R. 1615 incorporates 
two key Jackson Lee amendments offered during the committee markup of the bill. 
In 2014, DHS had 67,097 FOIA requests 
that carried over from 2013; added 291,242 requests; and processed 238,031 FOIA re-quests. 
The agency still had 120,308 FOIA requests 
that were carried over into 2015. 
Because FOIA is a critical component of 
creating our nation’s open and transparent government, the process of citizens getting ac-cess to information regarding government mat-ters of personal or public interest is important. 
DHS’s ability to meet public demands for in-
formation through FOIA should not be ham-pered by a lack of technology. 
One of the Jackson Lee Amendments in-
cluded in the bill directs that the agency in-clude information on how to adopt automated processing to meet FOIA obligations triggered by agency: Public Notices published in the Federal Register; Final rules; decisions, out-come of adjudicated matters or other agency actions; and obligations to reply to citizen FOIA request. 
Another Jackson Lee Amendment included 
in H.R. 1615 directs that a report be drafted that provides an assessment of DHS progress made toward automating the FOIA process. 
That Jackson Lee amendment also provides 
that upon completion of the FOIA automation plan that the Chief FOIA officer provides the plan to the heads of the components of the Department. 
Mr. Speaker, it is true as Justice Brandeis 
famously observed that ‘‘sunshine is the best disinfectant.’’ 
He was speaking of the power of knowledge 
to illuminate and to enhance the ability of peo-ple to understand and evaluate government actions when presented with information. 
I agree with Justice Brandeis that ‘‘the most 
important political office is that of the private citizen.’’ 
I support H.R. 1615 and urge my colleagues 
to join me in voting for its passage. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23JN7.022 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4572 June 23, 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
AR-
TER) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 1615, as amend-ed. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
DHS IT DUPLICATION REDUCTION 
ACT OF 2015 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1626) to reduce duplication of information technology at the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1626 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘DHS IT Du-
plication Reduction Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. DHS INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DUPLI-
CATION REDUCTION. 
(a) I NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DUPLICATION  
REDUCTION .—Not later than 90 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Homeland Security shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate a report that includes the following: 
(1) The number of information technology 
systems at the Department of Homeland Se-curity. 
(2) An assessment of the number of such 
systems exhibiting duplication or frag-mentation. 
(3) A strategy for reducing such duplicative 
systems, including an assessment of poten-tial cost savings or cost avoidance as a re-sult of such reduction. 
(4) A methodology for determining which 
system should be eliminated when there is duplication or fragmentation. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this Act: 
(1) The term ‘‘duplication or fragmenta-
tion’’ of information technology systems means two or more systems or programs that deliver similar functionality to similar user populations. 
(2) The term ‘‘information technology’’ has 
the meaning given such term in section 11101 of title 40, United States Code. 
(c) N
ONEWAUTHORIZATION OF FUNDING .— 
This section shall be carried out using amounts otherwise appropriated or made available to the Department of Homeland Security. No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD) and the gentlewoman 
from New Jersey (Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include any extraneous ma-terial on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of H.R. 1626. 
Call me crazy, but it just doesn’t 
make sense to me to have Federal agencies using multiple IT systems that do the same thing. As chairman of the Oversight and Government Reform Information Technology Subcommittee and a member of the Homeland Secu-rity Committee, I see these cost over-runs and hear stories of duplicative systems on a daily basis. It is a ridicu-lous and outrageous waste of taxpayer dollars. 
This year, the GAO’s annual High 
Risk report designated information technology as a new area of high risk within the government. Federal agen-cies spend nearly $80 billion a year on IT projects, and nearly 80 percent of them are on outdated and legacy sys-tems. In the Department of Homeland Security, there are more than 600 IT systems in FEMA alone. 
The DHS IT Duplication Reduction 
Act is designed to change that. My bill requires the DHS Chief Information Of-ficer to identify all IT systems in the Department, figure out which ones are redundant, and then come up with a strategy to reduce their number. 
Mr. Speaker, when I was building a 
cybersecurity firm in the private sec-tor, things like this didn’t happen be-cause there is no way that a small business trying to grow would ever waste their money like this. 
Washington should have the same 
mentality, especially since this money being wasted isn’t Washington’s in the first place. I believe Washington can and should be much better stewards of the dollars taxpayers have entrusted to them. It is past time to change the ‘‘it is not my money, so let’s spend it’’ cul-ture here in Washington that leads to this kind of waste. 
Taxpayers should be able to trust 
that every dollar is being used care-fully and thoughtfully on effective and efficient government that works for them. I believe this legislation is a good start in reining in Federal IT spending and getting our government back on track. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I rise in strong sup-port of H.R. 1626, the DHS IT Duplica-tion Reduction Act of 2015. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1626 seeks to ad-
dress duplication or fragmentation within the Department of Homeland Security’s information technology sys-tems. Specifically, H.R. 1626 requires the Department’s Chief Information Of-ficer to report on the number of IT sys-tems throughout the Department and identify and address those areas where duplication or fragmentation may exist. 
This undertaking at the headquarters 
level should help inform the Depart-ment’s IT budget planning which, in light of sequestration and the down-ward trend of the Department’s budget, becomes all the more important when considered in the critical missions en-trusted to DHS. 
This legislation is in the spirit of the 
Department’s Unity of Effort initiative and has the potential of fostering more coordinated IT planning and manage-ment among the Department’s compo-nents. In committee, a number of tech-nical refinements authored by Demo-crats were accepted to ensure that re-ducing redundancy frees up resources for DHS’ operations. 
Mr. Speaker, I do urge support for 
this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, in closing, I, once 
again, want to point out the bipartisan efforts in regards to this measure. This measure has the potential of fostering more coordinated IT planning and management among the Department’s components. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge passage and sup-
port of this measure. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank 
Chairman M
CCAUL, Ranking Member 
THOMPSON , Congresswoman W ATSON  
COLEMAN , and my colleagues on the 
Homeland Security Committee for their support on this bill. 
I, once again, urge all my colleagues 
to support this strong, bipartisan piece of legislation, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1626, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
FEDERALLY FUNDED RESEARCH 
AND DEVELOPMENT SUNSHINE ACT OF 2015 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1637) to require annual re-ports on the activities and accomplish-ments of federally funded research and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.040 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4573 June 23, 2015 
development centers within the De-
partment of Homeland Security, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1637 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federally 
Funded Research and Development Sunshine Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. ANNUAL REPORTS ON PROJECTS OF FED-
ERALLY FUNDED RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT CENTERS WITHIN THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-
land Security shall annually submit to the Committee on Homeland Security, the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate a list of ongo-ing and completed projects that federally funded research and development centers within the Department of Homeland Secu-rity have been tasked to complete. 
(b) P
ROHIBITION ON NEWAUTHORIZATION OF  
FUNDING .—This section shall be carried out 
using amounts otherwise appropriated or made available to the Department of Home-land Security. No additional funds are au-thorized to be appropriated to carry out this section. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) and the gen-
tleman from Mississippi (Mr. T HOMP -
SON) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong 
support of H.R. 1637, the Federally Funded Research and Development Sunshine Act of 2015. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to rep-
resent 700,000 north and east Texans. They have sent me here to Washington to pull the curtain back and shine a light into this Federal bureaucracy. 
Mr. Speaker, we all know that Fed-
eral agencies can be inefficient, ineffec-tive, and resistant to oversight. They don’t like to be held accountable, not by the American people or by individ-uals like me who are elected to rep-resent those folks here in Congress. 
As a committed conservative who is 
fighting to secure the American home-land, I believe that increased trans-parency is a national security issue, and because of that, every taxpayer dollar that we spend must be scruti-
nized. 
We have to evaluate the govern-
ment’s programs and activities to see if they are worthwhile and to craft re-forms that eliminate waste and bolster our national defense. A sluggish na-tional security apparatus simply won’t suffice. The American people deserve more. 
Congress can’t even begin to conduct 
effective oversight and cut waste, fraud, and abuse if we don’t know what is going on behind closed doors. That is why I introduced H.R. 1637. This bill will increase transparency at the De-partment of Homeland Security by di-recting the Secretary to give Congress a detailed account each year of the on-going and completed projects that fed-erally funded research and develop-ment centers, or FFRDCs, within the Department of Homeland Security have been assigned. 
FFRDCs conduct specialized research 
and development for the Federal Gov-ernment. The two FFRDCs within the Department of Homeland Security pro-vide independent analysis of homeland security issues. Currently, the Home-land Security Committee is expected to oversee these FFRDCs; yet the com-mittee doesn’t even receive an account of the status of ongoing or completed projects. It is hard to be a vigilant steward of hard-earned taxpayer dol-lars when you have a blindfold on. 
My legislation will enable the com-
mittee to have visibility into the scope of FFRDC projects that the DHS has tasked them to meet their mission needs. This detailed accounting will allow committee members to have in-sight into current research and devel-opment projects and be able to further scrutinize them, thereby increasing oversight and transparency of the en-tire Science and Technology Direc-torate operation at DHS. 
Mr. Speaker, it is important that 
Congress is aware of the Department of Homeland Security’s research and de-velopment efforts and funding prior-ities to ensure that it is meeting the mission needs of its components, and this bill today will shed light on those activities. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this commonsense bill. I think that we all agree that we can support increased transparency and a stronger, more secure homeland. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND 
TECHNOLOGY , 
Washington, DC, June 23, 2015. 
Hon. M ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, 
Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing con-
cerning H.R. 1637, the ‘‘Federally Funded Re-search and Development Sunshine Act of 2015,’’ which your Committee ordered re-ported on May 20, 2015. 
H.R. 1637 contains provisions within the 
Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology’s Rule X jurisdiction. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee 
and in order to expedite this bill for floor consideration, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology will not seek a se-quential referral. This is being done on the basis of our mutual understanding that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology with respect to the appointment of conferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. 
I would appreciate your response to this 
letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Congres-sional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
Sincerely, 
L
AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , 
Washington, DC, June 23, 2015. 
Hon. L AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and 
Technology, Washington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN SMITH: Thank you for your 
letter regarding H.R. 1637, the ‘‘Federally 
Funded Research and Development Sunshine Act.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Rep-resentatives, and accordingly, understand that the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology will not seek a sequential refer-ral on the bill. 
The Committee on Homeland Security con-
curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing a sequential referral of this bill at this time, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology does not waive any jurisdic-tion over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support a request by the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology for conferees on those provisions within your jurisdiction. 
I will insert copies of this exchange in the 
Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. 
Sincerely, 
M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, 
Chairman. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I rise in strong sup-port of H.R. 1637, the Federally Funded Research and Development Act of 2015, and. 
Mr. Speaker, this legislation would 
require the Department of Homeland Security to prepare annual status re-ports on the research activities of fed-erally funded research and develop-ment centers, or FFRDCs, on behalf of the Department. 
b1700 
DHS looks to these institutions that 
are largely operated by universities and not-for-profit organizations to help meet special long-term research and development needs. 
In addition to the two FFRDCs that 
DHS sponsors, there are 17 national labs managed by the Department of Energy that provide research and tech-nical assistance in support of the Na-tion’s homeland security. 
Among the areas of research exper-
tise offered by these labs are critical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.042 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4574 June 23, 2015 
infrastructure protection; cybersecu-
rity; chemical, biological, and nuclear forensics; biodefense countermeasures; biodetection; and emergency prepared-ness. 
I believe that timely and regular in-
formation about how DHS is utilizing these institutions is important to as-sessing progress on a wide range of homeland security challenges. That is why I support H.R. 1631 and urge pas-sage. 
I want to commend members of the 
Homeland Security Committee on the bipartisan nature in which this legisla-tion has been crafted. It is important for us to know how DHS is using feder-ally funded research and development centers to address homeland security challenges. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, I, once again, urge my 
colleagues to support this strong, com-monsense bipartisan piece of legisla-tion, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-
ior member of the Homeland Security Com-mittee, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1637, the ‘‘Federally Funded Research and Develop-ment Sunshine Act of 2015.’’ 
I support this bipartisan legislation which re-
quires annual reports on the activities and ac-complishments of federally funded research and development centers within the depart-ment of Homeland Security. 
The bill requires that the secretary of Home-
land Security annually submit to Congres-sional oversight committees a list of ongoing and completed projects lead by federally fund-ed research and development centers within the Department of Homeland Security have been assigned or completed. 
Federally Funded Research and Develop-
ment Centers (FFRDCs) act as a vehicle for special research and development contracting within the federal government. 
The FFRDCs provide DHS with independent 
and objective advice and quick response on critical issues throughout the Homeland Secu-rity Enterprise. 
Homeland Security Systems Engineering 
and Development Institute (HSSEDI) and Homeland Security Studies and Analysis Insti-tute (HSSAI) perform high-quality research and provide advice that is authoritative, objec-tive and free from conflicts of interest caused by competition. 
I support H.R. 1637, which provides much 
needed transparency on the research con-ducted by the Department of Homeland secu-rity. 
I urge all of my colleagues to join me in 
strong support of the suspension bill, H.R. 1637, the ‘‘Federally Funded Research and Development Sunshine Act of 2015.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1637. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
HOMELAND SECURITY UNIVER-
SITY-BASED CENTERS REVIEW ACT 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2390) to require a review of university-based centers for homeland security, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2390 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Homeland 
Security University-based Centers Review Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REVIEW OF UNIVERSITY-BASED CENTERS. 
(a) GAO S TUDY OF UNIVERSITY -BASED CEN-
TERS .—Not later than 120 days after the date 
of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall initiate a study to assess the university-based centers for homeland security program authorized by section 308(b)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 188(b)(2)), and provide recommendations to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate for appropriate improve-ments. 
(b) S
UBJECT MATTERS .—The study under 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) A review of the Department of Home-
land Security’s efforts to identify key areas of study needed to support the homeland se-curity mission, and criteria that the Depart-ment utilized to determine those key areas for which the Department should maintain, establish, or eliminate university-based cen-ters. 
(2) A review of the method by which uni-
versity-based centers, federally funded re-search and development centers, and Depart-ment of Energy national laboratories receive tasking from the Department of Homeland Security, including a review of how univer-sity-based research is identified, prioritized, and funded. 
(3) A review of selection criteria for desig-
nating university-based centers and a weighting of such criteria. 
(4) An examination of best practices from 
other agencies’ efforts to organize and use university-based research to support their missions. 
(5) A review of the Department of Home-
land Security’s criteria and metrics to meas-ure demonstrable progress achieved by uni-versity-based centers in fulfilling Depart-ment taskings, and mechanisms for deliv-ering and disseminating the research results of designated university-based centers with-in the Department and to other Federal, State, and local agencies. 
(6) An examination of the means by which 
academic institutions that are not des-ignated or associated with the designated university-based centers can optimally con-tribute to the research mission of the Direc-torate of Science and Technology of the De-partment of Homeland Security. 
(7) An assessment of the interrelationship 
between the different university-based cen-ters and the degree to which outreach and collaboration among a diverse array of aca-demic institutions is encouraged by the De-partment of Homeland Security, particularly 
with historically Black colleges and univer-sities and minority serving institutions. 
(8) A review of any other essential ele-
ments of the programs determined in the conduct of the study. 
(c) I
NFORMATION RELATING TO UNIVERSITY - 
BASED CENTERS .—Subparagraph (D) of sec-
tion 308(b)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 188(b)(2)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(D) A
NNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not 
later than one year after the date of the en-actment of this subparagraph and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the implementation of this section. Each such report shall— 
‘‘(i) indicate which center or centers have 
been designated pursuant to this section; 
‘‘(ii) describe how such designation or des-
ignations enhance homeland security; 
‘‘(iii) provide information on any decisions 
to revoke or modify such designation or des-ignations; 
‘‘(iv) describe research that has been 
tasked and completed by each center that has been designated during the preceding year; 
‘‘(v) describe funding provided by the Sec-
retary for each center under clause (iv) for that year; and 
‘‘(vi) describe plans for utilization of each 
center or centers in the forthcoming year.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) and the gen-
tleman from Mississippi (Mr. T HOMP -
SON) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise this afternoon in 
support of H.R. 2390, the Homeland Se-curity University-based Centers Re-view Act of 2015, authored by the rank-ing member, the gentleman from Mis-sissippi. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill will require the 
Government Accountability Office to initiate a study to assess the univer-sity-based centers for homeland secu-rity and provide recommendations to Congress on improvements. 
The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity Centers of Excellence play a vital role in providing long-term research and support of technology development in areas of emerging threats. 
Additionally, these centers play key 
roles in supporting the Department of Homeland Security and its mission in protecting our homeland. I look for-ward to seeing the results of this study and how we can better improve the ef-fectiveness of these university centers. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.045 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4575 June 23, 2015 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND 
TECHNOLOGY , 
Washington, DC, June 17, 2015. 
Hon. M ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, 
Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing con-
cerning H.R. 2390, the ‘‘Homeland Security University-based Centers Review Act,’’ which your Committee reported on May 20, 2015. 
H.R. 2390 contains provisions within the 
Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology’s Rule X jurisdiction. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee and in order to expedite this bill for floor consideration, the Committee on Science, 
Space, and Technology will forego action on the bill. This is being done on the basis of our mutual understanding that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology with respect to the appointment of conferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. 
I would appreciate your response to this 
letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Committee Report and in the Congressional Record dur-ing the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
Sincerely, 
L
AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , 
Washington, DC, June 17, 2015. 
Hon. L AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and 
Technology, Washington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN SMITH: Thank you for your 
letter regarding H.R. 2390, the ‘‘Homeland Security University-based Centers Review Act.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Rep-resentatives, and accordingly, understand that the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology will forego further action on the bill. 
The Committee on Homeland Security con-
curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing further action on this bill at this time, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addi-tion, should a conference on this bill be nec-essary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology represented on the conference com-mittee. 
I will insert copies of this exchange in the 
Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. 
Sincerely, 
M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, 
Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of H.R. 2390, the Homeland Security University-based Centers Review Act. 
I introduced H.R. 2390, the Homeland 
Security University-based Centers Re-view Act, with my colleague Mr. R
ICH-
MOND , to provide Congress with the full 
picture of the Department’s manage-ment of the Centers of Excellence pro-gram. 
This program dates back to the De-
partment’s earliest days. It was au-thorized in the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 to be ‘‘a coordinated, univer-sity-based system to enhance the Na-tion’s homeland security.’’ Since that time, however, we have not had a com-prehensive review of the Department’s management of this vital research and development program. 
H.R. 2390 marks the most significant 
effort to assess the Centers of Excel-lence program to date. The measure di-rects the Government Accountability Office to issue a comprehensive report that, among other things, evaluates how the Department aligns decisions about establishing, maintaining, or eliminating a center with its research needs; how DHS identifies, prioritizes, and funds projects; and how DHS meas-ures progress on its research goals. 
The bill also directs GAO to examine 
how DHS promotes collaboration among the centers, as well as with in-stitutions outside of the network, in-cluding Historically Black Colleges and Universities and other minority-serv-ing institutions. 
I have the privilege of representing 
Jackson State University, which is part of the Department’s Coastal Resil-ience Center of Excellence program. I am proud that in its capacity, Jackson State has contributed research and modeling that informed realtime oper-ational decisions at the Coast Guard and FEMA in the wake of Hurricane Sandy and other disasters. 
I know that throughout this country, 
there are other institutions that could benefit from and bring unique knowl-edge and expertise to DHS’ ten stand-ing Centers of Excellence. 
Mr. Speaker, the Homeland Security 
Committee has been involved in vig-orous oversight of the Centers of Excel-lence, particularly encouraging the De-partment to adopt policies that help di-versify university and student partici-pation in the homeland security enter-prise. 
In my opinion, the DHS Science and 
Technology Directorate’s robust out-reach effort to universities and institu-tions of recent years is that direct re-sult of our oversight, but we need to understand whether S&T’s outreach, along with its effort to better manage the Centers of Excellence, are really working. 
H.R. 2390 is an important first step in 
effectively assessing the value of the Centers of Excellence and evaluating whether or not the research and devel-opment potential of our Nation’s uni-versities are being effectively lever-aged. 
Mr. Speaker, again, I am grateful for 
the cooperation of the subcommittee chairman, Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , and the full 
committee chairman, Mr. M CCAUL, for 
their help to improve the Department’s Centers of Excellence; and I urge pas-sage of this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman 
M
CCAULand Ranking Member T HOMP -
SONfor their leadership on this bill. I, once again, urge my colleagues to 
support this bill. It is a strong bipar-tisan piece of legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-
ior member of the Homeland Security Com-mittee, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2390 ‘‘Homeland Security University-based Centers Review Act.’’ 
I support this bipartisan legislation which re-
quires an annual report be sent to Congress to assess the university-based centers for homeland security program and provide rec-ommendations for appropriate improvements. 
Mr. Speaker, the research that our des-
ignated institutions conduct is imperative to the current progress and future success of protecting our nation’s greatest asset, the American people. 
I join my colleagues in working to safeguard 
our investment by requiting annual reports that give detailed reviews of how our funding is being spent and more effective ways we can use the information yielded from these studies in a real world applicable way. 
This bill requires a review of the Department 
of Homeland Security’s (DHS) efforts to iden-tify key areas of study needed to support the homeland security mission, and criteria that the Department utilized to determine those key areas for which the Department should main-tain, establish, or eliminate university-based centers. 
DHS’s mission is to ensure a homeland that 
is safe, secure, and resilient against terrorism and other hazards. 
H.R. 2390 supports that mission by over-
seeing the funding of a university-based re-search program that invests in the homeland security, science and technology of the DHS. 
It is imperative that we have oversight of 
how the funds are being used to meet DHS’s university program criteria and this bill requires a review of how university-based research is identified, prioritized, and funded. 
The Centers of Excellence (COE) network is 
an extended consortium of hundreds of univer-sities conducting groundbreaking research to address homeland security challenges. 
Sponsored by the Office of University Pro-
grams, the COEs work closely with the home-land security community to develop customer- driven, innovative tools and technologies to solve real-world challenges. 
The Institute for Infectious Animal Diseases 
(IIAD) and Texas A&M Engineering Experi-ment Station, have used this program to de-velop a mobile Certificate of Veterinary In-spection (CVI) application to support veteri-nary practitioners submitting animal health cer-tificate records from the field. 
This real-time information sharing is an al-
ternative to email or web-based systems, and helps improve communication between veteri-narians and state animal health offices by sup-porting certificate submission from the field. 
The Homeland Security University-based 
Centers Review Act requires a review of the Department of Homeland Security’s criteria and metrics to measure demonstrable progress achieved by university-based centers in fulfilling Department taskings, and mecha-nisms for delivering and disseminating the re-search results of designated university-based centers within the Department and to other Federal, State, and local agencies. 
Mr. Speaker, because these funds are used 
to enrich our future generations of leaders and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23JN7.034 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4576 June 23, 2015 
it is important that the different university- 
based centers reach out and collaborate among a diverse array of academic institu-tions, particularly with historically Black col-leges and universities (HBCU) and minority serving institutions. 
I applaud Rankin Member T
HOMPSON for in-
cluding specific language that reaches out to diverse universities, specifically often over-shadowed historically Black colleges and uni-versities. 
HBCU such as Texas Southern University, 
in my Congressional district, is preparing tech-nically savvy Homeland Security professionals for Maritime Transportation Security. 
All educational institutions who meet criteria 
should be eligible to participate in the Depart-ment of Homeland Security’s University Pro-gram. 
This bill supports the program’s mission 
needs of building a stable community of homeland security researchers and educators at U.S. colleges and universities. 
Fostering a homeland security culture within 
the academic community through research and educational programs is a great partner-ship between government and our education institutions. 
Strengthening U.S. scientific leadership in 
homeland security research and education giv-ing our students a competitive ranking on a global level. 
Generating and disseminating knowledge 
and technical advances to advance the home-land security mission helps to recruit future partners and participants. 
Integrating homeland security activities 
across agencies engaged in relevant aca-demic research will help partners work in con-cert to develop critical technologies and anal-yses to secure the nation’s security interest. 
The Department of Homeland Security’s 
Science and Technology Centers of Excel-lence develop multidisciplinary, customer-driv-en, homeland security science and technology solutions and help train the next generation of homeland security experts. 
The Homeland Security University-based 
Centers Review Act regulates the institutions designated with this distinguished honor of training the next generation of leaders in the scientific and technological fields. 
Raising the visibility and status of the gov-
ernment sponsored programs creates an envi-ronment where each institution has to take re-sponsibility for the use of their funds and prove those uses furthered the mission needs of DHS. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to support this bi-
partisan bill and strongly urge all of my col-leagues to join me in supporting H.R. 2390. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2390, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
CBRN INTELLIGENCE AND INFOR-
MATION SHARING ACT OF 2015 
Ms. M CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2200) to amend the Homeland Se-
curity Act of 2002 to establish chem-ical, biological, radiological, and nu-clear intelligence and information sharing functions of the Office of Intel-ligence and Analysis of the Department of Homeland Security and to require dissemination of information analyzed by the Department to entities with re-sponsibilities relating to homeland se-curity, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2200 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘CBRN Intel-
ligence and Information Sharing Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. CHEMICAL, BIOLOGICAL, RADIOLOGICAL, 
AND NUCLEAR INTELLIGENCE AND INFORMATION SHARING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title II of 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 210G. CHEMICAL, BIOLOGICAL, RADIO-
LOGICAL, AND NUCLEAR INTEL-LIGENCE AND INFORMATION SHAR-ING. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Office of Intel-
ligence and Analysis of the Department of Homeland Security shall— 
‘‘(1) support homeland security-focused in-
telligence analysis of terrorist actors, their claims, and their plans to conduct attacks involving chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear materials against the Nation; 
‘‘(2) support homeland security-focused in-
telligence analysis of global infectious dis-ease, public health, food, agricultural, and veterinary issues; 
‘‘(3) support homeland security-focused 
risk analysis and risk assessments of the homeland security hazards described in para-graphs (1) and (2), including the transpor-tation of chemical, biological, nuclear, and radiological materials, by providing relevant quantitative and nonquantitative threat in-formation; 
‘‘(4) leverage existing and emerging home-
land security intelligence capabilities and structures to enhance prevention, protec-tion, response, and recovery efforts with re-spect to a chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear attack; 
‘‘(5) share information and provide tailored 
analytical support on these threats to State, local, and tribal authorities as well as other national biosecurity and biodefense stake-holders and other Federal agencies, as appro-priate; and 
‘‘(6) perform other responsibilities, as as-
signed by the Secretary. 
‘‘(b) C
OORDINATION .—Where appropriate, 
the Office of Intelligence and Analysis shall coordinate with other relevant Department components, including the National Bio-surveillance Integration Center, others in the Intelligence Community, including the National Counter Proliferation Center, and other Federal, State, local, and tribal au-thorities, including officials from high- threat areas, State and major urban area fu-sion centers, and local public health depart-ments, as appropriate, and enable such enti-ties to provide recommendations on optimal information sharing mechanisms, including expeditious sharing of classified information, and on how they can provide information to the Department. 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘appropriate congressional 
committees’ means the Committee on Home-land Security of the House of Representa-tives and any committee of the House of Representatives or the Senate having legis-lative jurisdiction under the rules of the House of Representatives or Senate, respec-tively, over the matter concerned. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘Intelligence Community’ 
has the meaning given that term in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 401a(4)). 
‘‘(3) The term ‘national biosecurity and 
biodefense stakeholders’ means officials from the Federal, State, local, and tribal au-thorities and individuals from the private sector who are involved in efforts to prevent, protect against, respond to, and recover from a biological attack or other phenomena that may have serious health consequences for the United States, including infectious dis-ease outbreaks.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents in section 1(b) of such Act is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to such subtitle the following: 
‘‘Sec. 210G. Chemical, biological, radio-
logical, and nuclear intel-ligence and information shar-ing.’’. 
(c) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall report to the appro-priate congressional committees on— 
(A) the intelligence and information shar-
ing activities under subsection (a) and of all relevant entities within the Department of Homeland Security to counter the threat from attacks using chemical, biological, ra-diological, and nuclear materials; and 
(B) the Department’s activities in accord-
ance with relevant intelligence strategies. 
(2) A
SSESSMENT OF IMPLEMENTATION .—The 
report shall include— 
(A) a description of methods established to 
assess progress of the Office of Intelligence and Analysis in implementing the amend-ment made by subsection (a); and 
(B) such assessment. (3) T
ERMINATION .—This subsection shall 
have no force or effect after the end of the 5- year period beginning on the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
SEC. 3. DISSEMINATION OF INFORMATION ANA-
LYZED BY THE DEPARTMENT TO STATE, LOCAL, TRIBAL, AND PRI-VATE ENTITIES WITH RESPONSIBIL-ITIES RELATING TO HOMELAND SE-CURITY. 
Section 201(d)(8) of the Homeland Security 
Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121(d)(8)) is amended by striking ‘‘and to agencies of State’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘to State, local, tribal, and private entities with such respon-sibilities, and, as appropriate, to the public, in order to assist in preventing, deterring, or responding to acts of terrorism against the United States.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) and the gen-
tleman from Mississippi (Mr. T HOMP -
SON) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Arizona. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. M CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JN7.035 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4577 June 23, 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Arizona? 
There was no objection. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, as the chairman of the 
Committee on Homeland Security’s Subcommittee on Emergency Pre-paredness, Response, and Communica-tions, I rise today in support of H.R. 2200, the CBRN Intelligence and Infor-mation Sharing Act of 2015. 
We know that terrorists have long 
strived to employ chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear—or CBRN— materials in their attacks. ISIS and other terror organizations have at-tempted to use chemical weapons, and experts suggest that terrorist interest in utilizing chemical agents has in-creased. In fact, reports indicate that ISIS may be currently using chemical weapons in Syria and Iraq. 
Since the procedures and equipment 
required to develop biological weapons are the same as those used for legiti-mate research purposes and are readily available, it is imperative that intel-ligence information related to bio threats is appropriately analyzed and shared with those who would be on the front lines of response in the event of a biological attack. 
Furthermore, events such as the Bos-
ton Marathon bombing in 2013 illus-trated the need for better information sharing between Federal and local offi-cials. 
H.R. 2200 will enhance intelligence 
analysis and information sharing to fill this need and will work to ensure that State and local officials get the action-able intelligence information necessary to stop or mitigate a CBRN attack. 
This legislation considers informa-
tion garnered from the Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications hearings on the threat of chemical and biological ter-rorism. During two hearings earlier this year, we heard from numerous stakeholders that information sharing with appropriate State and local offi-cials and emergency response providers about these threats is critical. 
Specifically, this budget neutral bill 
requires the Office of Intelligence and Analysis at DHS to support homeland security focused intelligence analysis of CBRN threats, including emerging infectious diseases, working in coordi-nation with the Department’s National Biosurveillance Integration Center and the intelligence community. 
As information and intelligence is 
only useful if it is shared with those who can take action, such as State, local, tribal, and private entities, H.R. 2200 directs the Office of Intelligence and Analysis to not only share infor-mation with these partners, but also engage with them and get their feed-back on mechanisms for two-way shar-ing of information. 
Finally, H.R. 2200 directs the Sec-
retary of DHS to report annually for 5 years on the Department’s intelligence and information sharing activities to 
counter the threat from weapons of mass destruction and DHS’s activities in accordance with relevant intel-ligence strategies. 
The House passed nearly identical 
bills during the 112th and 113th Con-gresses with bipartisan support. 
I urge Members to join me in sup-
porting this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in strong support of H.R. 2200, 
the CBRN Intelligence and Information Sharing Act. 
Mr. Speaker, in the years following 
the September 11 attacks, Congress worked to address many of the pre-paredness gaps identified by the 9/11 Commission, including the threat posed by weapons of mass destruction. Pursuant to the 9/11 Commission’s rec-ommendations, Congress established the Weapons of Mass Destruction, or WMD Commission. 
In 2008, the WMD Commission issued 
a series of recommendations to counter the proliferation of WMDs and build a more robust national capability to re-spond to such attacks. 
b1715 
Subsequently, the WMD Commission 
and its legacy organization, the WMD Center, issued a series of report cards evaluating the Federal Government’s progress in implementing the WMD Commission’s recommendations. Un-fortunately, each report card found that the Federal Government was not acting quickly enough. 
In the years since the WMD Center 
issued its final bio-response report card in 2011, WMD threats have continued to evolve. What we know now is that the threats posed by WMDs are more dy-namic and that our enemies are grow-ing more agile. H.R. 2200 focuses on an important aspect of our Nation’s abil-ity to prevent, to prepare for, and to respond to a WMD attack—information sharing. 
At the full committee and sub-
committee levels, the Committee on Homeland Security has devoted signifi-cant time and resources to assessing Federal activities to address the threat of WMDs. I have heard one message consistently from the witnesses who have come before us: we need to im-prove coordination and information sharing with State and local govern-ments and emergency responders. Situ-ational awareness is essential to ensur-ing a robust response to a CBRN inci-dent and to saving lives; and I appre-ciate Emergency Preparedness, Re-sponse, and Communications Sub-committee Chairwoman M
CSALLY ’s ef-
forts to improve CBRN threat-related intelligence and information sharing. 
If we learned anything from the 9/11 
attacks, it is that information sharing saves lives. From putting desperate pieces of information together, to stop-ping an attack, to ensuring that first responders are equipped to respond 
safely and effectively, information sharing plays an essential role in com-plete situational awareness. H.R. 2200 will improve the way we use informa-tion related to evolving threats posed by chemical, biological, nuclear, and radiological agents. I urge my col-leagues to support H.R. 2200. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I, once again, urge my colleagues to 
support this bipartisan legislation that will enhance the sharing of CBRN-re-lated threat information. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support 
of H.R. 2200, the CBRN Intelligence and Infor-mation Sharing Act of 2015. 
I would like to begin by thanking my col-
league, M
ARTHA MCSALLY, for her work on this 
important bill. 
This bipartisan piece of legislation would di-
rect the Department of Homeland Security to analyze terrorist intentions with respect to chemical, biological, radiological and nuclear material, and share this information with state, local and federal entities. 
The bill includes my amendment, which was 
accepted in Committee, to require DHS to as-sess the specific risks presented by trans-porting these materials, addressing a key con-cern in Western New York. 
The Department of Energy plans to begin 
shipping highly-enriched uranium liquid from Canada to South Carolina next year. This ma-terial, which is far more radioactive than spent nuclear fuel, would be shipped in casks that have never been certified to carry highly-en-riched uranium liquid. 
The Department proposes to transport this 
waste across the Northern Border at the Peace Bridge, the second busiest crossing for cargo and the busiest crossing for passengers on the Northern Border. 
The Peace Bridge crosses the Niagara 
River which connects two Great Lakes, the contamination of which could endanger the world’s largest fresh water supply. 
The nuclear casks would then proceed from 
the Peace Bridge through downtown Buffalo, a high-density urban area. 
The Department of Energy approved this 
route nearly twenty years ago, and it reflects the pre-nine-eleven mindset on the threat and consequences of terrorism. 
The legislation before us today would allow 
the Department of Energy to reconsider the wisdom of transporting dangerously radio-active material through high-risk areas like Buffalo. 
Again, I want to thank my colleague, M
AR-
THAMCSALLY, for her work and leadership on 
this issue and urge passage of this bill. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-
ior member of the Homeland Security Com-mittee, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2200, the ‘‘CBRN Intelligence and Information Shar-ing Act of 2015.’’ 
I support this bipartisan legislation which 
amends the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Office of Intelligence and Analysis of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to: (1) support homeland security-focused in-telligence analysis of terrorist actors, their claims, and their plans to conduct attacks in-volving chemical, biological, radiological, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.050 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4578 June 23, 2015 
nuclear materials against the nation and of 
global infectious disease, public health, food, agricultural, and veterinary issues; (2) support homeland security-focused risk analysis and risk assessments of such homeland security hazards by providing relevant quantitative and no quantitative threat information; (3) leverage homeland security intelligence capabilities and structures to enhance prevention, protection, response, and recovery efforts with respect to a chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear attack; and (4) share information and provide tailored analytical support on these threats to state, local, and tribal authorities as well as other national biosecurity and biodefense stakeholders. 
I am pleased that H.R. 2200 incorporates an 
amendment by Congresswoman M
CSALLY that 
directs the department to establish chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear (CBRN) in-telligence and information sharing functions of the Office of Intelligence and Analysis of the Department of Homeland Security and to re-quire dissemination of information analyzed by the Department to entities with responsibilities relating to homeland security. 
The Nation’s chemical facilities represent a 
terrorist target that must be protected. 
It is my hope that this bill will improve upon 
current legislation authorizing the Department of Homeland Security to regulate security practices at the Nation’s chemical facilities. 
Mr. Speaker, it is clear that we must equip 
ourselves to be able to detect attacks of a CBRN nature. 
H.R. 2200 ensures a standardized commu-
nication platform for need to know industries dealing with such sensitive information. 
There is no room for error when it comes to 
our nation’s security. 
I urge all of my colleagues to join me in vot-
ing to pass, H.R. 2200, the ‘‘CBRN Intel-ligence and Information Sharing Act of 2015.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2200, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY INTEROPERABLE COM-MUNICATIONS ACT 
Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 615) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Under Sec-retary for Management of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to take ad-ministrative action to achieve and maintain interoperable communica-tions capabilities among the compo-nents of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the Senate amendment is 
as follows: 
Senate amendment: 
Strike out all after the enacting clause and 
insert: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of 
Homeland Security Interoperable Communica-tions Act’’ or the ‘‘DHS Interoperable Commu-nications Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act— 
(1) the term ‘‘Department’’ means the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security; 
(2) the term ‘‘interoperable communications’’ 
has the meaning given that term in section 701(d) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by section 3; and 
(3) the term ‘‘Under Secretary for Manage-
ment’’ means the Under Secretary for Manage-ment of the Department of Homeland Security. 
SEC. 3. INCLUSION OF INTEROPERABLE COMMU-
NICATIONS CAPABILITIES IN RE-SPONSIBILITIES OF UNDER SEC-RETARY FOR MANAGEMENT. 
Section 701 of the Homeland Security Act of 
2002 (6 U.S.C. 341) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(4), by inserting before the 
period at the end the following: ‘‘, including policies and directives to achieve and maintain interoperable communications among the compo-nents of the Department’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) I
NTEROPERABLE COMMUNICATIONS DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘interoperable 
communications’ has the meaning given that term in section 7303(g) of the Intelligence Re-form and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (6 U.S.C. 194(g)).’’. 
SEC. 4. STRATEGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary for Management shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a strategy, which shall be updated as necessary, for achieving and maintaining inter-operable communications among the components of the Department, including for daily oper-ations, planned events, and emergencies, with corresponding milestones, that includes the fol-lowing: 
(1) An assessment of interoperability gaps in 
radio communications among the components of the Department, as of the date of enactment of this Act. 
(2) Information on efforts and activities, in-
cluding current and planned policies, directives, and training, of the Department since November 1, 2012 to achieve and maintain interoperable communications among the components of the Department, and planned efforts and activities of the Department to achieve and maintain such interoperable communications. 
(3) An assessment of obstacles and challenges 
to achieving and maintaining interoperable communications among the components of the Department. 
(4) Information on, and an assessment of, the 
adequacy of mechanisms available to the Under Secretary for Management to enforce and com-pel compliance with interoperable communica-tions policies and directives of the Department. 
(5) Guidance provided to the components of 
the Department to implement interoperable com-munications policies and directives of the De-partment. 
(6) The total amount of funds expended by the 
Department since November 1, 2012 and pro-jected future expenditures, to achieve interoper-able communications, including on equipment, infrastructure, and maintenance. 
(7) Dates upon which Department-wide inter-
operability is projected to be achieved for voice, data, and video communications, respectively, 
and interim milestones that correspond to the achievement of each such mode of communica-tion. 
(b) S
UPPLEMENTARY MATERIAL .—Together 
with the strategy required under subsection (a), the Under Secretary for Management shall sub-mit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate information on— 
(1) any intra-agency effort or task force that 
has been delegated certain responsibilities by the Under Secretary for Management relating to achieving and maintaining interoperable com-munications among the components of the De-partment by the dates referred to in subsection (a)(7); and 
(2) who, within each such component, is re-
sponsible for implementing policies and direc-tives issued by the Under Secretary for Manage-ment to so achieve and maintain such interoper-able communications. 
SEC. 5. REPORT. 
Not later than 100 days after the date on 
which the strategy required under section 4(a) is submitted, and every 2 years thereafter for 6 years, the Under Secretary for Management shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate a report on the sta-tus of efforts to implement the strategy required under section 4(a), including the following: 
(1) Progress on each interim milestone referred 
to in section 4(a)(7) toward achieving and main-taining interoperable communications among the components of the Department. 
(2) Information on any policies, directives, 
guidance, and training established by the Under Secretary for Management. 
(3) An assessment of the level of compliance, 
adoption, and participation among the compo-nents of the Department with the policies, direc-tives, guidance, and training established by the Under Secretary for Management to achieve and maintain interoperable communications among the components. 
(4) Information on any additional resources or 
authorities needed by the Under Secretary for Management. 
SEC. 6. APPLICABILITY. 
Sections 4 and 5 shall only apply with respect 
to the interoperable communications capabilities within the Department and components of the Department to communicate within the Depart-ment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) and the gen-
tleman from Mississippi (Mr. T HOMP -
SON) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Arizona. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. M CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Arizona? 
There was no objection. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
As the chairman of the Committee on 
Homeland Security’s Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, I rise today in support of H.R. 615, the Department of Homeland Security Interoperable Com-munications Act, of which I am proud 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JN7.030 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4579 June 23, 2015 
to be a cosponsor. This bill was intro-
duced by the gentleman from New Jer-sey, the subcommittee’s ranking mem-ber, Mr. P
AYNE . 
The bill amends the Homeland Secu-
rity Act of 2002 to include, among the responsibilities of the Department of Homeland Security’s Under Secretary for Management, achieving and main-taining interoperable communications among the Department’s components. 
H.R. 615 addresses the findings and 
recommendations of a November 2012 DHS Office of Inspector General report, which stated that the Department does not have the appropriate oversight or governance structure to ensure com-munications interoperability among its components. It is vital that the De-partment’s components are able to ef-fectively communicate day to day and, most importantly, during emergencies. 
In response to the findings of this in-
spector general’s report, I joined Chair-man M
CCAUL and Oversight and Man-
agement Efficiency Subcommittee Chairman P
ERRY in requesting a review 
of this issue by the Government Ac-countability Office. Their report, which was released in March, found that near-ly 3 years after the inspector general’s report, communications problems per-sist in the Department and among its components. In particular, Customs and Border Protection and Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement per-sonnel reported to the GAO that the lack of interoperability in some cases along the border resulted in missed ap-prehensions and jeopardized agent safe-ty. 
My district is on the southwest bor-
der. I know the challenges our Border Patrol agents, CBP officers, and ICE agents face in meeting their vital mis-sions. It is unacceptable that they lack the tools and training necessary to communicate with each other. This bill seeks to make this more of a priority at the headquarters level. 
In order to ensure the Department is 
taking the necessary steps to achieve and maintain interoperable commu-nications capabilities, H.R. 615 requires the Department’s Under Secretary for Management to submit an interoper-able communications strategy to the Committee on Homeland Security no later than 180 days after enactment and to periodically report to Congress on efforts to implement this strategy. 
This bill passed the House in Feb-
ruary by a vote of 379–0. I appreciate the swift action of the Senate Home-land Security and Governmental Af-
fairs Committee under the leadership of my friend, Chairman J
OHNSON . Their 
thoughtful additions have served to further improve this bill. I urge all Members to join me in supporting it. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in strong support of the Senate 
amendment to H.R. 615, the Depart-ment of Homeland Security Interoper-able Communications Act. In November 2012, the inspector gen-
eral of the Department of Homeland Security issued an assessment of the interoperable communications capa-bility among DHS components. The in-spector general found that, of the 479 field radios that attempted to commu-nicate on a specific common channel, only one user could do so. That is a 99 percent failure rate. 
In short, DHS, which is the Federal 
entity charged with providing guidance 
to State and local governments to im-prove interoperable emergency commu-nications, was not practicing what it preached. The inspector general found that DHS’ interoperable challenges were not technological in nature. Rath-er, they were attributed to the fact that there was no one leading the ef-fort to drive changes in the field. Fur-ther, there were no policies in place to ensure that the 123,000 radio users at DHS understood how to use the com-munications equipment issued to them. 
Throughout my tenure on the Com-
mittee on Homeland Security, I have repeatedly sought opportunities to drive home the message that interoper-able communications are critical to the Homeland Security mission at the Federal, State, and local levels. 
Addressing this fundamental oper-
ational challenge is consistent with the DHS Unity of Effort initiative. So it would seem that the timing is right for real progress. However, late last month, we learned from the inspector general that, nearly 3 years after the issuance of the first report, DHS’ com-ponents’ inability to communicate ef-fectively on the DHS common channel persists and that DHS has not com-pleted the corrective actions necessary to resolve the problem. The inspector general’s most recent findings confirm that it is going to take directing the Department in law to get this done. That is why I was happy to support Ranking Member Donald Payne, Jr., when he introduced this legislation. 
H.R. 615 would put DHS components 
on the path to achieving interoperable communications by directing the De-partment’s Under Secretary for Man-agement to develop a strategy to achieve interoperability. The tax-payers have spent $430 million on inter-operable communications capabilities at the Department so far. In this aus-tere fiscal climate, we cannot afford to waste more money investing in com-munications capabilities when DHS lacks the policies that are sure to be effective. 
With the help of full committee 
Chairman M
CCAUL and subcommittee 
Chairwoman M CSALLY , the Department 
of Homeland Security Interoperable Communications Act passed the House unanimously earlier this year. Subse-quently, our Senate counterparts ap-proved H.R. 615 by unanimous consent with some enhancements. I urge my colleagues to concur with the Senate amendment to H.R. 615 and send this bill to the President’s desk. 
The inspector general’s report identi-
fying the urgent interoperable commu-nications problem at DHS came out 3 
years ago. A comprehensive solution is long overdue. Unfortunately, the De-partment has still not implemented ap-propriate corrective action. I commend subcommittee Ranking Member P
AYNE  
for introducing this important legisla-tion and for his efforts to get it en-acted into law. I urge my colleagues to concur with the Senate amendment of H.R. 615. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I, once again, urge my colleagues to 
support H.R. 615, which seeks to en-hance interoperable communications at the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) that the House suspend the 
rules and concur in the Senate amend-ment to the bill, H.R. 615. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment was concurred in. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 28 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1831 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
ENHAM ) at 6 o’clock and 
31 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. 
Votes will be taken in the following 
order: 
Passage of H.R. 1190, and motions to 
suspend the rules and pass H.R. 805 and H.R. 2576. 
The first electronic vote will be con-
ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
PROTECTING SENIORS’ ACCESS TO 
MEDICARE ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 1190) to repeal the pro-visions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act providing for the Independent Payment Advisory Board, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.053 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4580 June 23, 2015 
on which the yeas and nays were or-
dered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 244, nays 154, not voting 35, as follows: 
[Roll No. 376] 
YEAS—244 
Abraham 
Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Capuano Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) 
Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—154 
Adams Aguilar Bass 
Beatty Becerra 
Bera Beyer 
Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi 
Green, Al Green, Gene Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Israel Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Nolan Norcross 
Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader 
Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—35 
Aderholt 
Brown (FL) Carter (TX) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Clyburn Cook Courtney DeSantis Engel Fincher Grayson Grijalva 
Gutie´rrez 
Huffman Jackson Lee Jeffries Kelly (MS) Kirkpatrick Lofgren Marchant Marino Meng Napolitano Payne 
Rohrabacher Roybal-Allard Russell Sanchez, Loretta Titus Vela Wagner Waters, Maxine Westmoreland Wilson (FL) 
b1856 
Messrs. CLEAVER, HONDA, and 
CROWLEY changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. NEAL changed his vote from 
‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, on roll-
call No. 376 I was delayed due to airline late departure. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Stated against: Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, during rollcall 
vote No. 376 on H.R. 1190, I mistakenly re-corded my vote as ‘‘yes’’ when I should have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
376 I was delayed by a transportation dif-ficulty. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on 
rollcall No. 376, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE FOR VIC-
TIMS OF SHOOTING AT EMANUEL AME CHURCH, CHARLESTON, SOUTH CAROLINA 
(Mr. SANFORD asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, in just 
a moment, I will request a moment of silence, but before I do, I stand here with other Members of the South Caro-lina delegation to say our colleague J
IMCLYBURN , who right now is back 
home visiting with aggrieved families on the coast of South Carolina, and many of us, like Senator S
COTT and 
others, will be going back during this week to visit with those same families. 
I am joined as well by members of 
the Congressional Black Caucus and Members of this body who have been deeply shaken by the events of this last week in Charleston, South Carolina. 
I rise with this group on behalf of the 
nine families who have been impacted back home, on behalf of the people of the First District of South Carolina, and on behalf of the people of South Carolina who have shown a whole lot of heart and a whole lot of love here over the last week. 
I say this because, less than a week 
ago, as we all know, a young man with incomprehensible malice came into the Mother Emanuel AME Church on Cal-houn Street in Charleston, South Caro-lina, and did the unthinkable as he joined a Bible study and he gunned down nine of the members, the parish-ioners, there in the church. 
Fortunately, our story doesn’t end 
there because the family members of the victims also did the unthinkable. I say that because there, at the bond hearing, they did the unimaginable, the incomprehensible in, I guess, show-ing human grace is a reflection of God’s grace and what is talked about in Romans in not repaying evil with evil, but repaying evil with good because, at the bond hearing, the first family comes up, and they say: ‘‘I am in in-comprehensible pain, but I forgive you.’’ 
The next family comes up: ‘‘I am in 
incredible pain, but I forgive you.’’ Those were the words that were re-peated by each of the nine families: ‘‘I forgive you, I forgive you, and I forgive you.’’ 
That set in motion and, if you will, 
set the stage this last week in Charles-ton for a level of community that I have never before seen in my life and amazing things done at the church and in the community at large. 
It is for that reason that we all stand 
here to remember the names of the nine victims and to pause for a mo-ment of silence here in just a moment. 
If I might, let me read the names of 
the victims: Reverend Clementa Pinck-ney; Tywanza Sanders; Cynthia Hurd; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.055 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4581 June 23, 2015 
Reverend Sharonda Coleman-Sin-
gleton; Myra Thompson; Ethel Lance; Reverend Daniel Simmons, Sr.; Rev-erend Depayne Middleton-Doctor; and Susie Jackson. 
Would you all join me and join us in 
a moment of silence. 
f 
DOMAIN OPENNESS THROUGH CON-
TINUED OVERSIGHT MATTERS ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J
EN-
KINS of West Virginia). Without objec-
tion, 5-minute voting will continue. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 805) to prohibit the National Telecommunications and Information Administration from relinquishing re-sponsibility over the Internet domain name system until the Comptroller General of the United States submits to Congress a report on the role of the NTIA with respect to such system, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
HIM-
KUS) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, as amended. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 378, nays 25, not voting 30, as follows: 
[Roll No. 377] 
YEAS—378 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright 
Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold 
Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta 
Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk 
Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush 
Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—25 
Amash Babin Brooks (AL) Buck Byrne Capuano Duffy Fleming Gosar Herrera Beutler 
Jones Labrador Lummis Massie McClintock Mulvaney Poe (TX) Posey Ratcliffe 
Ribble Rohrabacher Salmon Sanford Sensenbrenner Stutzman 
NOT VOTING—30 
Brown (FL) 
Carter (TX) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy 
Clyburn Cook Courtney 
DeSantis Engel Fincher 
Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Jackson Lee Jeffries Kelly (MS) Kirkpatrick Lofgren 
Marchant Marino Meng Napolitano Payne Roybal-Allard Russell 
Sanchez, Loretta Titus Vela Wagner Waters, Maxine Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1909 
Mr. GROTHMAN changed his vote 
from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The title of the bill was amended so 
as to read: ‘‘A bill to provide for cer-tain requirements relating to the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority stewardship transition.’’. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
TSCA MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
HURD of Texas). The unfinished busi-
ness is the vote on the motion to sus-pend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2576) to modernize the Toxic Sub-stances Control Act, and for other pur-poses, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
HIM-
KUS) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, as amended. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 398, nays 1, not voting 34, as follows: 
[Roll No. 378] 
YEAS—398 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) 
Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa 
Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.057 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4582 June 23, 2015 
Ellmers (NC) 
Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson 
Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) 
Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul 
McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell 
Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walberg Walden 
Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder 
Yoho Young (AK) 
Young (IA) Young (IN) 
Zeldin 
NAYS—1 
McClintock 
NOT VOTING—34 
Brown (FL) Carter (TX) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Clyburn Cook Courtney DeSantis Engel Fincher Frankel (FL) Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Harris Hudson Jackson Lee Jeffries Kelly (MS) Kirkpatrick Lofgren Marchant Marino Meng Napolitano Payne 
Roybal-Allard Russell Sanchez, Loretta Titus Vela Wagner Waters, Maxine Westmoreland Zinke 
b1916 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
Mr. AMASH changed his vote from 
‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-
avoidably absent in the House Chamber for votes on Tuesday, June 23, 2015. I would like the record to show that, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall vote 376, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall vote 377, and ‘‘yea’’ on roll-call vote 378. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2822, DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2042, RATEPAYER PROTECTION ACT OF 2015; AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PE-RIOD FROM JUNE 26, 2015, THROUGH JULY 6, 2015 
Mr. BURGESS, from the Committee 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–177) on the resolution (H. Res. 333) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2822) making appropria-tions for the Department of the Inte-rior, Environment, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2042) to allow for judicial review of any final rule addressing carbon di-oxide emissions from existing fossil fuel-fired electric utility generating units before requiring compliance with such rule, and to allow States to pro-tect households and businesses from significant adverse effects on elec-tricity ratepayers or reliability; and providing for proceedings during the period from June 26, 2015, through July 6, 2015, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. RECOGNIZING OUR MILITARY 
FAMILIES 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, behind 
every man and woman in uniform serv-ing our country are family members: husbands, wives, mothers, fathers, brothers, sisters, sons, daughters, and other family members who make sac-rifices as members of military families. 
Recently, I attended the dedication 
of a new Minnesota military family tribute that is now part of the Capitol Mall area in St. Paul at our State Cap-itol. It was built entirely with private donations. It commemorates the mili-tary Gold Star families, Blue Star fam-ilies, and families of our veterans. This memorial is the first of its kind in the country, and it recognizes the military family members that do so much to support our servicemen and -women and our veterans. 
Being a member of a military family 
comes with many sacrifices. It means many sleepless nights during deploy-ment. It means unexpected moves around the country and serving as the frontline resource when our soldiers transition into a new life. Every mili-tary family does this proudly. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend Bill and 
Teri Popp and everyone who has worked so hard to make this tribute recognizing our military families pos-sible. 
f 
REAUTHORIZE THE EXPORT- 
IMPORT BANK 
(Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise in support of reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank before its charter expires on June 30. 
In fiscal year 2014 alone, the Ex-Im 
Bank supported $27.4 billion worth of U.S. exports, with $10.7 billion of that total representing exports from small businesses. Additionally, 90 percent of all Ex-Im transactions directly sup-ported small business and more than 163,000 American jobs. That is why 180 Democrats signed a discharge petition to force a vote on this important issue. 
Despite this data, some Republicans 
wrongly think the Ex-Im Bank rep-resents crony capitalism that should be ended. For those Members, I will leave you with this: Men lie, women lie, but numbers don’t lie. Reauthorize the Ex- Im Bank. 
f 
NATURAL GAS VEHICLES 
SHOULDN’T BE PENALIZED IN THE TAX CODE 
(Mr. YOUNG of Indiana asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to discuss the importance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JN7.039 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4583 June 23, 2015 
of a simple modification to our Tax 
Code that will greatly support the con-sumer-driven growth of natural gas in the transportation sector. 
Today’s abundant and domestically 
produced natural gas is an increasingly important fuel to our transportation sector, from small passenger vehicles in my home State of Indiana, to con-tainer ships that transport goods from America’s heartland to overseas mar-kets. 
Now, our Tax Code is still taxing cars 
and trucks that run on natural gas at a higher rate than their diesel equiva-lent because the tax was instituted years ago when our energy picture looked vastly different. We need to cor-rect this disparity. It is a simple fix and just one example of how Congress can create a more level playing field while diversifying our energy mix. 
I urge my colleagues to work with 
me on this matter. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE IS REAL 
(Mr. TONKO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, last week 
Pope Francis echoed the chorus of 97 percent of climate scientists whose findings prove that climate change is real and is manmade, and climate change has the potential to destroy the only planet that we have. Let me say that again. Climate change is real, it is manmade, and it can reverse all the progress we have made as a nation. 
Pope Francis frames the reality of 
climate change in a way that we must consider if we are to protect our envi-ronment as directed by our Creator for future generations, future economic development, and future progress. The leader of the Catholic Church accu-rately points out that it is a moral im-perative to act on climate change; it is a moral imperative to act as a good steward of the environment and the gifts we have been given. 
I thank Pope Francis, and I hope the 
words he shared last week will ring true with all of us, including those who continue to deny climate change, both in this body and around the world. I hope the Pope’s encyclical will encour-age deniers to work with us to find cre-ative ways to clean up our environ-ment, help create jobs, and make our world just a little bit better for our kids and grandkids. 
f 
RELIGIOUS CLEANSING 
(Mr. POE of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the 
Roman Empire was notorious in its massacre of Christians 2,000 years ago. Now Christians are once again facing deadly persecution. Barbaric terrorist groups like ISIS are stalking and at-tacking Christians wherever they find them. Christians are disappearing, and some are fleeing countries like Syria 
and Iraq, home to Christians since the days of early Christianity. 
ISIS boasts of brutally killing and 
enslaving thousands of Christians. There are more and more reports of ISIS sex-trafficking young girls that are stolen away from their Christian parents. ISIS even posts videos online of their barbaric beheading of Chris-tians. 
Why the hate, kidnapping, and mur-
der? Because Christians will not re-nounce their Christian faith. The world, and the United States in par-ticular, needs to denounce the murder of people based on their religious be-liefs, whether Christians, Jews, or Mus-lims. 
We cannot accept nor tolerate ISIS’ 
genocide of Christians. Justice de-mands ISIS be held accountable for their crimes of religious cleansing. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
JUNE IS NATIONAL DAIRY MONTH 
(Mr. VALADAO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, many 
of my colleagues on the House floor today may not know that June is Na-tional Dairy Month. As a dairy farmer myself, I believe this month is a per-fect opportunity to recognize how im-portant the dairy industry is to the Central Valley. 
Not only are there dairy farms in all 
50 States, but dairy is the number one agriculture business in 10 States, in-cluding Idaho, New York, and Wis-consin. However, my home State of California is the biggest dairy producer in the country and is responsible for 21.3 percent of the U.S. milk supply. My own district, California 21, pro-duces the most dairy of any congres-sional district in the Nation. 
However, dairy isn’t just important 
to farmers. Not only do Americans con-sume at least two cups of dairy prod-ucts each and every day, but America’s dairy industry is important to our Na-tion’s agriculture market and our en-tire economy. 
Dairy farms across the country im-
prove our national economy. The U.S. dairy industry creates an estimated $140 billion in economic output, $29 bil-lion in household earnings, and is re-sponsible for creating more than 900,000 jobs. 
So this summer when you stop for ice 
cream on a hot night or a bowl of ce-real on a rushed morning, remember the hard-working Americans who brought dairy to your grocery store. 
f 
b1930 
CONGRATULATING INGERSOLL 
RAND 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, last month, 
Ingersoll Rand, a global leader in prod-ucts that enhance energy efficiency, productivity, and operations for its customers, celebrated the 50th anniver-sary of its Mocksville, North Carolina, plant. 
Opened in 1965, the Mocksville plant 
began machining rotary components for air compressors. Throughout the years, the workers in Mocksville have manufactured assemblies and compo-nents for a number of products within Ingersoll Rand’s portfolio. 
Within the last 6 years, the plant has 
experienced tremendous growth as se-lect assembly operations for Trane and Thermo King equipment were moved to the plant. During difficult economic times, these jobs have strengthened the local economy. 
The company’s major investment in 
Davie County is a tribute to the area’s skilled workforce, men and women who are dedicated to producing the best products in the world. 
Congratulations to everyone at In-
gersoll Rand in Mocksville as you cele-brate this significant milestone. 
f 
CONFEDERATE FLAG 
(Mr. PITTENGER asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in full support of South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley’s call to remove the Confederate battle flag from the South Carolina statehouse grounds, and North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory’s call to discontinue State- issued Confederate flag license plates. 
As one who grew up in the South, Mr. 
Speaker, and a proud North Carolinian, I fully understand that to many the Confederate flag represents history and heritage of their forefathers who fought for self-governance of the States. However, I cannot ignore that this same flag has also been used as a symbol of hate, and therefore causes immense pain for many of our citi-zens—yes, our brothers and sisters. 
In Romans, chapter 14, the Apostle 
Paul writes, ‘‘Let us therefore make every effort to do what leads to peace and to mutual edification. Do not de-stroy the work of God for the sake of food’’—or, might I add, a flag. 
Let us be proud of our heritage, and 
let us give our descendants reason to be proud of our proper and thoughtful works today. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF 
MICHAEL JAMES SULLIVAN 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I rise today to celebrate the life of Michael James Sullivan and offer my condolences to his friends and family. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.062 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4584 June 23, 2015 
Michael passed away on June 14, 2015, 
after an 11-year battle against ALS, also known as Lou Gehrig’s disease. 
When Michael was diagnosed with 
ALS in 2004, he was determined not to let the disease control his life. He found hope in his family, friends, and faith. This hope encouraged him to be-come an advocate for the 30,000 other Americans who live with ALS. 
Mike encouraged others and their 
families to be strong and resilient in the face of illness. His upbeat and opti-mistic personality was a constant re-minder to take advantage of every op-portunity that life hands us. He was a frequent visitor to my office. He was a tireless self-advocate who remained up-beat, compassionate, and personable— even in the face of a horribly debili-tating disease. 
Mr. Speaker, we can all learn from 
Michael Sullivan’s exemplary service, selflessness, and love. He will be great-ly missed. His friends and family are blessed to have known such an honor-able man. In the words of Michael: ‘‘One day together, we can create a world without ALS.’’ 
f 
PROTECTING SENIORS’ ACCESS TO 
MEDICARE ACT OF 2015 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased that the House showed leader-ship tonight in passing H.R. 1190, Pro-tecting Seniors’ Access to Medicare Act of 2015. 
The IPAB board was going to be very 
problematic for seniors, and H.R. 1190 is going to be a very important tool in correcting the wrongs of the Affordable Care Act and preserving access to health care. It would indeed have had an unelected board making Medicare spending decisions which, again, would be shifting power to Washington, D.C., and away from that all-important doc-tor-patient relationship, where it real-ly should be. 
We want to talk about savings in the 
medical field—and we need to—because not nearly enough is done, whether it was in the Affordable Care Act or other conversations around D.C. We need to talk about and work on actually achieving cost cutting, reduction of un-necessary costs delivering health care, litigation, and the time it takes to bring miracle pharmaceuticals to mar-kets. 
These are the kinds of things that we 
need to be doing to make health care more affordable and, indeed, more ac-cessible. 
f 
CALIFORNIA DROUGHT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized 
for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks on the sub-ject of my Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I am 
not at all sure it is going to be that controversial, but I was just looking outside the Capitol before I came in to make this presentation, and it is rain-ing. It is a downpour. For those of us from California, it has been a long time since we have seen a downpour. 
The Golden State, the seventh larg-
est economy in the world and home to over 35 million people, is in the throes of a historic drought. This is the fourth year, and it is a world of hurt in Cali-fornia. 
The economy is moving along. We are 
not complaining about the economy. Many parts of it are moving along. But for everyone in the State of California, whether you are in the far north up near Mount Shasta or way down here in the San Diego area, we are hurting. 
There is a lot of talk. Water restric-
tions are taking place in every city, whether you are on the coast, up in the 
north, or in the far south at Laguna Beach. Wherever you happen to be in the State of California, these restric-tions are tightening up on the ability of communities to prosper, grow, and keep their lawns green, but more im-portant in some communities, to even live there. 
In some parts of the Central Valley, 
down here in the Fresno area, there are communities that are out of water. Communities of 3,000, 5,000, maybe even 10,000 people, have virtually no water at all. 
This is a problem today. As we look 
to the future, we are going to see the State’s economy and population grow and the demand for water will ever in-crease, unless we do something. What we must do is develop a water plan for all of California. 
Unfortunately, what we do most of 
the time in California is fight over water. There is the famous saying from Mark Twain: ‘‘Whiskey is for drinking. Water is for fighting over.’’ 
And so it has been ever since my 
great-great-grandfather came to Cali-fornia in the early days of the Gold Rush up here in the mother lode re-gion. You couldn’t mine without water. And fighting over that water was the order of the day, and it is today. 
So as this entire State and much of 
the Southwest region—Nevada, south-ern Oregon, Utah, New Mexico, and even the western parts of Texas—suffer through this historic drought, we have taken to fighting in California. And I want to spend a few moments this evening talking about what we must do immediately and then a long-term so-lution for the State of California. 
Immediate, we are going to have to 
seek help. The State of California is using some bond money from past bond 
acts and some bond money from the historic passage of Proposition 1 last November to immediately try to fix problems that exist in those commu-nities without water. And so that money will begin to flow to those com-munities, wherever they happen to be. 
There are a couple up here in the 
Sacramento Valley and further down in the San Joaquin Valley. The deserts have always been without water, so this is not new to them, although it is more extreme. 
It is good that the bond act can pro-
vide immediate relief, but the rest of the short-term solutions will come from Washington. I want to congratu-late and thank the administration for providing $110 million of money for a variety of projects. Some of those projects are to dig deeper wells for those communities without water, to find ways to improve the conservation immediately, and to set about other programs that are short-term in na-ture—all to the good. And that should continue. 
In the days ahead, we are going to 
take up the appropriations bill for water. In that appropriations bill, we should direct the administration to do what it is doing—and to continue doing it through this drought—and that is to focus all of those resources on the im-mediate drought that is occurring. 
Whether it is aid for ranchers and 
farmers or cities, it makes no dif-ference. It is broad and it needs to be done, and it should line up with Propo-sition 1 of the last November ballot. That is both short-term and long-term. So the Federal Government supports those projects that would be funded under that $7 billion bond act that the citizens of California voted for in an overwhelming majority. 
But I would also like to talk about 
the long-term here. Because droughts will come and go, and we must be pre-pared not only in California, but across the West. 
For many years, the Department of 
Water Resources in California has looked at the problem and has made many, many suggestions; but until about 4 years ago, those suggestions were never put together in a com-prehensive plan. 
I am familiar with this. I am a water 
warrior in California. I have rep-resented this part of California for nearly 40 years, the great Central Val-ley of California. I will put up another map so you can get a better look at it. 
So the plans that were put together 
by the California Department of Water Resources deal with the Sacramento River, which flows south, and the San Joaquin River, which flows north from the Fresno area. This is way beyond Sacramento. Mount Shasta and Or-egon, it is way up there. 
These are the two great rivers of 
California, together with the Colorado, which is way to the south. It flows into an area here which is called the Sac-ramento-San Joaquin Delta. This is the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.064 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4585 June 23, 2015 
largest estuary of the Western Hemi-
sphere, which is on the West Coast. From Alaska to Chile, there is no other estuary as important to fish and spe-cies of all kinds and to the environ-ment and the economy of California. 
As this water flows down the Sac-
ramento River and the San Joaquin River, it is collected here and pumped south into the San Joaquin Valley and over the Tehachapi Mountains way down here to southern California. That is the Great Southern water project and the Federal water project. 
But the result of that pumping is an 
extreme decline in the environment of the delta, Suisun Bay, and San Fran-cisco Bay. Along with it, the salmon and other species have been largely decimated by those projects. 
So what are we to do? We will take 
the information that has been devel-oped over these many years by the California Department of Water Re-sources and develop a comprehensive plan. 
One plan, which actually dates back 
some 60 years now, is one that would take the water around the delta and deliver it to the pumps down here at Tracy. That plan, first proposed in the forties and then in the fifties, was taken up by our current Governor, Governor Jerry Brown, in the late 1970s and early 1980s. It was called the Pe-ripheral Canal—peripheral, that is around the delta, delivering water to the pumps. 
I represented the delta at that time, 
and I said: Governor, what you have managed to create here is the great vampire ditch. 
The Peripheral Canal was big enough 
to take the water from the Sac-ramento, depriving the delta of the freshwater that it needed for its envi-ronment, and deliver it to the pumps. 
So we had another great water war. 
It actually went on the ballot, and the people of California decided not to build that canal. And so there it sat until the second iteration of our cur-rent Governor, and he decided it was time to address this problem. 
And so now his suggestion is, instead 
of a canal, bury it underground so no-body can see it. He said: Don’t worry about the canal. Don’t worry. You will never see it. 
I said: Because it is not going to get 
built? 
He said: No, no. Because it will be un-
derground. 
Two massive tunnels, each 40 feet in 
diameter—about as tall as this Cham-ber, actually, if we consider this is probably 50 feet in here—big enough to take all of the water out of the Sac-ramento River half of the year, cre-ating an existential threat to the delta. 
Something needs to be done, no 
doubt about it. So by cobbling together the plans that were developed by the Department of Water Resources and others, I put together what I called, a Water Plan for All California. 
By the way, this tunnel was first 
priced at $25 billion and did not create 1 gallon of new water—not 1 gallon of 
new water. 
b1945 
What it did was to create an existen-
tial threat to the delta, in that it was big enough to deprive the delta of the fresh water half of the year. I said: Governor, that doesn’t work. Let’s look at this in a serious way that can create water for California’s future. 
This proposal was put together from 
plans that the State agencies had de-veloped in the past. I commend this to anybody that really wants to look at what California’s water future could be. Instead of a battle royal, which we are now commenced with as we fight over these tunnels, and $25 billion—oh, by the way, there is a new iteration of it, and they are throwing aside most of the habitat restoration and most of the environmental restoration and just going for the straight tunnels and just a little bit of mitigation. 
Let’s do something different. Let’s 
create water that California will need in its future. Let’s build a system that will actually deliver more water for California, while protecting the envi-ronment, and that is what this plan is all about, a water plan for all Cali-fornia. 
There are the following elements in 
it: conservation; recycling; storage; fix-ing the delta, which actually has to be fixed; letting science run the process rather than politics; and make sure you protect the water rights that have been in existence for more than a dec-ade and a half—excuse me—a century and a half. 
These are the principal elements, and 
we are going to go through them one at a time and explain why, if we were to spend, let’s say, the full $17 billion, the current cost of the tunnels, and that is the first bid; that is not the final cost. Let’s say we would spend that $17 bil-lion. 
Let’s allocate some of it for con-
servation, agricultural conservation. Now, every agriculturalist—and I am one—in California will say, Yes, but we are already conserving water. Indeed, we are, and a lot of water conservation has taken place, but that much more can be done again. 
There are somewhere, by the esti-
mates of the State, 3 to 4 million acre feet of new water, available simply through conservation, and that does not include the urban conservation. 
Now, understand, in today’s drought, 
conservation is on everybody’s mind, and in fact, it is mandated by law and executive order, but we can do maybe 3 million acre feet of new water. That is enough for over 120,000 homes a year per million acre feet. 
Secondly, recycling—I often say, and 
I think this is more or less accurate, that the fifth largest river on the West Coast of the Western Hemisphere are the sanitation plants in Southern Cali-fornia. 
Whoa, what do you mean the fifth 
biggest river? Well, consider this: the Colorado River, over here, abutting Ar-
izona and Nevada, water is taken from the Colorado River, 200 miles into the Los Angeles Basin. 
Water is taken from northern Cali-
fornia, the Sacramento River, in a canal, pumps here at the delta, in a canal, 5,000 feet over the Tehachapi Mountains, into the Los Angeles Basin. That water is cleaned once. It is used in the Los Angeles Basin, cleaned again, in most cases, to a higher stand-ard than the day it arrives in southern California; and nearly all of it is dumped into the ocean. 
What? You do that in California? 
Well, we do. Fortunately, Orange Coun-ty, a bastion of conservatism, is far ahead of the rest of the State and prob-ably the Nation in water recycling. We need to do more of it. 
For a few million, a couple of million 
dollars—excuse me, a couple of billion dollars, we could recycle at least a mil-lion acre feet of new water in southern California, water that is already there, water that is not being used. 
In northern California, the San Fran-
cisco Bay area, for my friends in San Francisco, you are taking what you tell the world is the cleanest water in America, right out of Yosemite Na-tional Park, piping it across the Cen-tral Valley into the San Francisco area, clean it—well, you really don’t have to do much cleaning because it is already clean—use it once, then you pipe it a mile offshore and dump it in the ocean. 
Recycling is necessary in every part 
of California. Another million, perhaps, more acre feet of water could be avail-able through recycling. 
So conservation, recycling, 3, 4 mil-
lion acre feet—we are getting close to what California needs in the future. 
So where are you going to put the 
water? Even in the midst of a drought, we have had heavy rain flows—no place to put the water. 
My colleague from northern Cali-
fornia, the Sacramento Valley, Mr. L
AMALFA and I have introduced a bill 
to build an off-stream storage reservoir here on the west side of the Sac-ramento Valley, a reservoir that could hold 2 million acre feet of water—well, slightly less—and that water would be available when needed. 
It could flow down the Sacramento 
River, sweetening, pushing back the saltwater in the delta; or it could be used for agricultural purposes in the Sacramento Valley or down in the San Joaquin Valley. 
It also gives flexibilities to the great 
reservoirs of Shasta, the Oroville Res-ervoir on the Feather River, and the Folsom Reservoir here on the Sac-ramento River, giving flexibility to the water managers. 
When it is needed for salmon and 
other species, you could use the water out of Sites Reservoir. When it is need-ed for agriculture or for water quality in the delta, you could use it out of Sites Reservoir, keeping the cold water in Shasta, Oroville, or Folsom that is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.065 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4586 June 23, 2015 
necessary for the salmon that spawn in 
those rivers. 
Storage, off-stream storage, off- 
stream storage here, just east of Contra Costa, in Los Vaqueros Res-ervoir, off-stream storage further south down here in Los Banos at the San Luis Reservoir, and the biggest off-stream reservoir of all, the great aquifer of the Sacramento, San Joaquin Valley, the great Central Valley of California, ar-guably, the second or third largest aq-uifer anywhere in the world, one that is now seriously overdrafted, as Cali-fornians, agriculture, cities, and others thirst for the water in this drought. 
These storage reservoirs in northern 
California are just one part of the stor-age systems that are needed for the fu-ture. The other part actually exists here in southern California, out here along the coast, the West Basin, the San Fernando Valley, the San Gabriel Valley, the Santa Ana in Orange Coun-ty, and as you move east into Riverside and San Bernardino. 
These are all historic aquifers that 
could be available to take that recy-cled water, put it back in the ground, pull it out, clean it, and recycle and re-cycle and eventually, these aquifers, many of which are contaminated, would be clean and available for the fu-ture. 
We could probably add all of the ca-
pacity of these aquifers in southern California and have greater storage ca-pacity than the largest reservoir in the State of California, which is Shasta Reservoir, way up here in northern California. 
By using the aquifers as a storage fa-
cility in what we call conjunctive water management, when you have a lot of rain, you store it—store it off- stream, store it below ground in the aquifers. Then when you have your dry periods, as California historically does, you can take that water out, but you cannot take out as much as currently being taken from these aquifers in California. 
We are seeing the collapse of the 
aquifers in the San Joaquin Valley. We are seeing the land subsiding in some places, as much as a foot a year as the water is extracted, so we have to stop that, and so water management be-comes extremely important in the process. 
I want to now turn to the delta, put 
this delta map back up and remind us, the Sacramento River coming down, the San Joaquin River coming north. From the north, the Sacramento, from the south, the San Joaquin, meeting here in the great delta of California— this delta is seriously at risk, as I said a moment ago. 
What to do about this? The Gov-
ernor’s plan, to take water around it, to deliver it to the pumps down here, I think, creates an existential threat. Don’t build something that could de-stroy the largest estuary on the West Coast of the Western Hemisphere. 
Instead, build something that is the 
right size, recognizing that while the delta is imperiled, perhaps by earth-
quakes, perhaps by sea level rise, none-theless, all the plants call for water to be pumped out of the delta, even if it is taken around the delta. 
The first thing to do, right now, is to 
armor, strengthen those key levees in the delta that are necessary for the transfer of water to the pumps, for the protection of the cities here on the eastern side, and to make sure that you are able to always be able to take that water through the delta. It is called the armored delta. 
Under the Governor’s plan or my 
plan or any other plan, those levees are going to be used for at least the next two decades, if not for a much longer period of time. Improve the delta, lev-ees, and that is a job for the Federal Government. 
I talked earlier about what could be 
done immediately by the Federal Gov-ernment, and that is to secure some of these key delta channels by improving the levees on those channels. That is step one. 
Step two is what I call science. This 
area, the richest estuary on the West Coast of the Western Hemisphere, home and nursery to salmon, to other species, such as the delta smelt and many other species, requires very care-ful attention and very careful sci-entific study. 
We are talking over here, in a place 
called Rio Vista, about building a science center, bringing together all the State and Federal agencies so they can work in a collaborative science program. That is a great program called the Rivers Program. There are other science studies that are under-way. 
You have to let science drive this 
process. You cannot allow politics to drive it; otherwise, you put at risk the communities in this area; you put at risk the environment; you put at risk the fish species, and you put at risk the largest estuary on the West Coast of the Western Hemisphere. 
Keep in mind that the Congress of 
the United States, twice in the last 4 years, has passed legislation that re-moves the environmental protections for this estuarine system and simply grabs 800,000 acre feet of water that was meant for the environment and sends it into the southern valley, into the southern valley here. 
It is a rip-off. It is part of what has 
taken place in California since the gold miners came in the 1850s, and that is, if you want water, you simply take it from somebody. In this case, you are taking it from the delta, from the envi-
ronment, from the agriculture; and you are pushing aside the environmental protections. Don’t do it. It is not nec-essary. 
There is another thing, in addition to 
fixing the levees, and I call it the ‘‘Lit-tle Sip, Big Gulp.’’ Here it is. This is a map of the delta of California. Sac-ramento is up here, the confluence of the American River and the Sac-ramento River. That is the State cap-ital. This is the delta here. We were talking about it in the larg-
er map. San Francisco Bay is over here, Suisun Bay and the rest. This is the heart of the delta. Stockton is down here. Tracy and the big massive pumps at Tracy, capable of taking well over 15,000 cubic feet per second, are down here in this area. 
The tunnels that the Governor wants 
to build would start here, travel through some of the richest agricul-tural land in the delta, or in the Na-tion, agricultural land that has been in production since the 1850s and 1860s, along the Sacramento River, dis-placing, oh, maybe 4 or 5 miles of habi-tat and agriculture and communities along this area. The tunnel would come down into this—the tunnels would come down into this area. 
$17 billion—why would you do some-
thing that, first of all, is large enough to allow for the destruction of the delta? Why would you spend all that money, when a good portion of that project is already built? This is it. 
This is the Sacramento Deep Water 
Ship Channel, an ocean, a channel that begins at San Francisco Bay, comes up the Sacramento River, and then, in a channel that was built by the Army Corps of Engineers, all the way up to the Port of Sacramento here in West Sacramento, on the other side of the State capital. 
This is a deep water shipping chan-
nel. Ocean ships come into San Fran-cisco Bay and come all the way up here. It is a pretty good economic ac-tivity. Agricultural products are shipped out. 
I was over that way this last week-
end, and they have log decks. I guess these are logs from the various fires that have occurred in California, and those are going to be shipped off to China. I sometimes wonder why we don’t use those logs for the things that we should be making in America, but that is another subject for another day. 
So what is an alternative? I call this 
the little sip solution, ‘‘Little Sip, Big Gulp solution.’’ Take the water out of the Sacramento River here, 3,000—not 15,000—3,000 cubic feet per second. We know how to do that. Fish screens are already built to do that. 
b2000 
Let it flow down the Deep Water 
Channel to about here, just north of Rio Vista. Put in a single ship lock and a pump. 
Alternative one: put it in a small 
pipe through the delta down here to this area; and then, in an open channel along what is called Old River, take it down to the pumps at Tracy, 3,000 cubic feet per second. 
You could do that most every day of 
the year, and it could deliver 2 million acre-feet of water to the pumps at Tracy in most years. In this drought year, it wouldn’t be possible. 
A second alternative would be to 
take it down the Deep Water Channel, 3,000 cubic feet, to the shipping lock and the pump, put it into a canal that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.067 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4587 June 23, 2015 
goes behind Rio Vista here, crosses 
Sherman Island at the confluence of the Sacramento and the San Joaquin Rivers, and over to Contra Costa Coun-ty to the pumps. 
This is a very interesting solution be-
cause this solution creates a fail-safe solution for about 7 million people that live in the San Francisco Bay area, be-cause this particular route intersects six aqueducts: the Solano aqueduct here, this would intersect it down here in Contra Costa; East Bay Municipal Utility aqueduct; the Contra Costa County aqueduct; the Los Vaqueros aq-ueduct for the Los Vaqueros river; zone seven, down here in the Livermore area, over here in this area; and also the South Bay aqueduct, going all the way down to Silicon Valley. 
What has happened, if this solution 
were chosen, should the need ever arise for some reason, these critical water districts that supply the water to this entire Bay area could get access to the Sacramento River water. So if, for some reason, the delta was to become saline as a result of a collapse of a levee system or any other reason, we have a fail-safe solution for the entire Bay region, except Marin County, which has its own water system. 
Either of these is a system that 
would be right-sized. That is a Little Sip big enough to provide 2 million acre-feet of water, which is roughly 40, 45 percent of the amount of water need-ed south of the delta for southern Cali-fornia, for Los Angeles, and for the San Joaquin Valley. 
That is the Little Sip solution: a 
route through the delta, a pipeline from here to Old River, and then an open channel on the east side of Old River to the pumps, or a canal across Contra Costa and Solano County. Ei-ther of them would work. And it would be a fraction of the cost of the massive twin tunnels that would come this di-rection, destroying the agricultural communities here in Portland and Clarksburg and putting at risk the en-tire delta because of the enormous size. 
This is a 15,000-cubic-foot-per-second 
tunnel system. Now, granted, they are only going to build three of the intakes here on the Sacramento River. Okay. It is good to have only three. That gives you 9,000, which is roughly two-thirds of the water going down the Sac-ramento River half of the year. 
So what does that mean for the 
delta? It means the delta is going to be salty and deprived of the freshwater that this estuary needs. And all they need to do is to put in one more intake, and then they can take all of the water half of the year. 
Don’t do it. Never build something 
that could be so destructive of such a precious natural resource as the delta. 
So this is the Little Sip. Where does the rest of the water 
come? It is called the Big Gulp. Even in this drought year, there have been two very heavy rains that have sent a surge of water down the San Joaquin and down the Sacramento. The pumps were turned on—not to their full might, but 
the pumps were turned on, and the water was shipped to the south. 
Okay. It worked. Can it work in the 
future in normal years? 
There is sufficient water in the delta 
in a normal year to get another 2, 2.5 million acre-feet of water out of the delta, itself, and that is the Big Gulp. So you combine a small facility with a Big Gulp when the water is available in the delta. 
Now, keep in mind, this project and 
the twin tunnel project that the Gov-ernor is proposing both require storage south of the delta. Neither project will work. And, in fact, the California water system today will not work without storage south of the delta. 
That is why—to back up to a map of 
all California—we have to have storage offsite, at Sites Reservoir. There is talk of enlarging Shasta Reservoir, way up here in this area. There is talk of building a new reservoir here on the San Joaquin River at Hanford’s flat. There is talk of enlarging—in fact, this one is almost certain to happen—en-larging Los Vaqueros Reservoir. The San Luis Reservoir down here needs to be rebuilt because of earthquake safe-ty, and it could be expanded. 
There is another reservoir site just 
south of it, Los Banos Grande. That is another large reservoir. And, of course, the aquifers in the entire Central Val-ley of California, and we have already talked about the aquifers in southern California. 
So you have to have storage south of 
the delta. If you have storage south of the delta, then the Governor’s plan or my plan, the Little Sip, Big Gulp plan will work. Storage is absolutely essen-tial in all of these configurations. Fail to do the storage, and nothing is going to work. 
Let me just review what we have 
been talking about here. We have been talking about a water plant for all California. 
Conservation, to be sure, the great 
agricultural areas—even over here in the Salinas Valley—conservation along this entire area, conservation in south-ern California, the great metropolitan areas, and in the Bay area. In doing so, the State’s own estimate was 5 million. Let’s just say you get 3 million acre- feet. Agricultural conservation, urban conservation, 3 million acre-feet of new water, water that is currently unavail-able but there. 
Recycling, we talked about recycling 
here in southern California. A $2 to $3 billion investment will give you 1 mil-lion acre-feet of water, and you already have the storage systems in place, the underground aquifers of southern Cali-fornia. Similarly, recycling in the Bay area. 
Sacramento, right here, starting just 
a month ago, a new recycling program, a $2 billion recycling program in Sac-ramento to recycle water—some for that area, the rest to put clean water down the river rather than some of the water, which is a little shady. So recycling, another million acre- 
feet at least, maybe more, as you bring on the recycling in the Bay area. 
Now we have got 3 to 4 million acre- 
feet of water. 
Storage systems, it is estimated that 
the Sites Reservoir can add in this drought here, were it available, would have been 900,000 acre-feet of water in this drought year. Of course it is not built; it is not available. But on aver-age, it should provide some 500,000— 400,000 to 600,000 acre-feet of water an-nually out of Sites Reservoir; plus, as I described earlier, the ability to re-operate the great reservoirs and, to-gether, be able to perhaps get even more water as a result of Sites Res-ervoir. The other reservoirs can pro-vide additional water also. 
So we ought to be able, through these 
processes, to get somewhere near 5 mil-lion acre-feet of new water for Cali-fornia. If we have conservation, if we have the storage and we are able to get through the current drought, it is a safe bet that 5 million acre-feet of an-nual water yield will carry California into the next 30 to 50 years and beyond that, depending on population growth and technologies. 
I had not mentioned the use of this 
water out here. Well, that is the Pa-cific Ocean. Desalinization and recy-cling use exactly the same technology. Recycling happens to be cheaper, in that it takes less energy to clean recy-cled water than to clean the ocean water because the ocean water has a lot of salts and other things in it, and it is just more expensive. But clearly, desalinization is also in our future. 
Down here, in the San Diego area, a 
new recycling plant is going online this year. They have been talking about one in Santa Barbara that actually was built but then mothballed because it rained again. But that one in Santa Barbara is likely to go back online as a result of the current drought and in anticipation of future droughts. 
So desalinization is also in Califor-
nia’s future. 
Those are the basic elements: con-
servation; recycling; creation of new storage systems; fixing the delta, the levees; Little Sip, Big Gulp strategy; science-driven process. 
Keep in mind, you have got to be 
right on the science; otherwise, you are going to destroy this extraordinarily valuable habitat of the delta and other places. 
Finally, you had better be paying at-
tention to the water rights and the laws of California, which, unfortu-nately, in the first iteration of the bill that passed Congress 4 years ago, just blew aside California water rights. So if you want to start a big, big water war, if you want to heighten and en-flame a water war in California, push aside the water rights which, inciden-tally, is now taking place as a result of the drought. 
That is a Water Plan for All of Cali-
fornia. It is here. It is available. My Web site has it. I recommend it to any-body that is interested in a solution for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.069 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4588 June 23, 2015 
California’s long-term water problems; 
and also, I recommend to people that we have the Federal Government in the short term align its water policy pro-grams from the EPA—the Environ-mental Protection Agency—the De-partment of Agriculture, the Depart-ment of the Interior, the Army Corps of Engineers, that those water pro-
grams in the short term be aligned with the State of California’s bond act so that we can promote, augment, and advance the projects that would be un-dertaken in the $7 billion water bond that the California voters passed last November. 
My plea to those who think the tun-
nels are the solution is: stop, take an-other look. Take another look at the Little Sip, Big Gulp solution. This ac-tually was something that was first proposed by the Natural Resources De-fense Council. We were working with this about 5 years ago. They came up with the Little Sip, Big Gulp name, and with some modification, it is now a proposal that would cost a fraction of what the twin, massive, 40-foot-in-di-ameter tunnels would cost. 
So, for California, there is a future. 
It is the Golden State. It is an economy unmatched by any other in the United States. It is an economy particularly— well, actually, the entire State’s econ-omy is stressed as a result of the drought. And if we take the kind of steps that I have been talking about here, we will be able to provide the water that California needs in the next drought and in the years to come as the population grows and as the econ-omy grows. 
So that is the water plan for all Cali-
fornia. There are many other pieces of the puzzle, one of which I am going to take just a second to talk about. And that is this week, as we take up the ap-propriations for water programs in the State of California—actually, water plans for the United States, not just the State of California—we ought to be mindful of a project called the Land and Water Conservation Fund, a pro-gram that has been in effect for half a century. It takes the royalties from the offshore oil and minerals onshore and allows much of that royalty to be spent on preserving the special places of America—the wildlife refuges, very unique habitat areas—setting aside those areas, using that money to buy up the land and, in some cases, to buy up easements so that the land will for-ever remain available to future genera-tions in a more natural state. That is the Land and Water Conservation Fund. Unfortunately, the authorization for it expires this year, and at the mo-ment, there is no perceived movement by the Congress of the United States to reinstitute and reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
When I was deputy Secretary of the 
Department of the Interior in the mid- nineties, we used this fund to set aside redwood forest off along the coast of California, to protect the Everglades of Florida, to set aside some of the land along the sand dunes on the Great 
Lakes. This is a project for all of Amer-ica, one that is worthy of being reau-thorized and properly funded. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, perhaps 
enough about California’s drought. No, I will take that back. 
b2015 
Mr. Speaker, we have got a problem 
in California, short term and long term, and it deserves the attention of the Congress of the United States be-cause California is the seventh largest economy in the world and critically important to the future of this Nation. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
INJUSTICE AT HOME AND ABROAD 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) 
for 30 minutes. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it has 
been a tough week, for all Christians in the country have lost three brothers and six sisters in the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, South Carolina. The whole country mourns—well, probably not ev-erybody. Evil has those who support it and wallow in it, as did the evil perpe-trator of the killings. 
Our prayers continue to go out to the 
immediate family members and to the church family members for their peace and for their comfort because those of us who are believers know that those we have lost are at the foot of the Sav-iour in Paradise. 
I learned today that the President 
will be going to speak at the funeral. I recall a speech in Arizona, and so as I encouraged our prayer caucus tonight, we should be praying for the President to be a uniter as he speaks. 
I thought about the way a great 
President named Abraham Lincoln concluded his second inaugural ad-dress. The war was not over; there was great hatred and bitterness. Of course, he mentioned in his inaugural ad-dress—talking about North and South—both read the same Bible, both pray to the same God, and each in-vokes His aid against the other. 
He goes on to give what is one of the 
great theological treatises on the na-ture of God; he quotes from the Old Testament a couple of times, but with all the killing that occurred during the Civil War, he ended trying to encour-age uniting. I know there are those who advise the President that he should not let a good crisis go to waste, but for many of us, the hope and prayer is that at this week’s funeral, he will be a uniter. 
Mr. Speaker, President Lincoln 
closed his second inaugural with the words: ‘‘With malice toward none, with charity for all, with firmness in the right as God gives us to see the right, let us strive on to finish the work we are in, to bind up the Nation’s wounds, to care for him who shall have borne 
the battle and for his widow and his or-phan, to do all which may achieve and cherish a just and lasting peace among ourselves and with all nations.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, that was a man who 
sought to unite, who knew there was a Heavenly Father to Whom we could pray and Who would answer our pray-ers. I hope and pray that will be the outcome at the funeral of my brothers and sisters in Charleston, South Caro-lina. 
Of course, then there is the judge side 
of me. Having sentenced people both to prison and to death, the judge side of me says, from what we know, it sure cries out for the death penalty, but we will let the justice system in South Carolina take care of that. 
In the meantime, as we think about 
injustice, it is also hard not to think of our friends and our allies in Israel who have trouble finding any friends. They are persecuted on every side. We got this report from the U.N., an article talking about it from Marissa Newman of The Times of Israel: ‘‘Israel slams ‘politically motivated and morally flawed’ U.N. Gaza report.’’ 
The article says: ‘‘Israel on Monday 
said it would ‘seriously’ evaluate the United Nations Human Rights Council inquiry on the Gaza conflict, while politicians from left and right slammed the international body for bias and de-clared that the international investiga-tors lacked access to evidence.’’ 
The article goes on down further: 
‘‘‘The report is biased,’ said Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in re-sponse. ‘Israel is not perpetrating war crimes but rather protecting itself from an organization that carries out war crimes. We won’t sit back with our arms crossed as our citizens are at-tacked by thousands of missiles.’’’ 
The article says: ‘‘The Human Rights 
Council ‘in practice does everything but worry about human rights,’ the prime minister charged. ‘The commis-sion spends more time condemning Israel than Iran, Syria and North Korea put together.’’’ 
It seems that these are the times 
that cry out for a moral, pragmatic, and unified response to the anti-Semi-tism that is growing—it is just unbe-lievable—in Europe and in the United States colleges and universities. It is incredible. 
Mr. Speaker, the Bible talks about 
times when right will be wrong and wrong will be right; perhaps we are en-tering such an era. A country like Israel is under attack from virtually every front, every side; and Palestin-ians, radical Islamists, and Iranians de-clare that they will see that it is anni-hilated. 
Their leaders make statements such 
as ‘‘we are glad that they are gathered in Israel so that we can annihilate them all at once,’’ and the U.N. basi-cally sees somehow level parties on the same plane: terrorists and people who promote democratic beliefs and carry them out, allow people to vote, believe 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.070 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4589 June 23, 2015 
in the rights of women, and believe in 
equal rights. 
Israel is a place where Muslims can 
freely vote and don’t have to worry about a radical Islamist killing them if he or she doesn’t believe and perform exactly like their radical Islamist lead-er tells them to. 
The article says that the Israeli For-
eign Ministry also castigated the U.N. Human Rights Council investigation for failing to distinguish between the Israeli military and Hamas: 
‘‘It is regrettable that the report 
fails to recognize the profound dif-ference between Israel’s moral behav-ior during Operation Protective Edge and the terror organizations it con-fronted.’’ 
‘‘Likud minister Yuval Steinitz com-
pared the conflict to a Palestinian sui-cide bomber commandeering a bus full of Palestinian civilians and ramming it into an Israeli tank. ‘Many Palestinian civilians would die,’ he told Army Radio. ‘But that doesn’t mean the tank is to blame.’ The U.N. panel’s approach was ‘absurd,’ he said, in that it would require Israel not to fire back when terrorists fire at its civilians ‘because the terrorists are hiding behind their civilians.’ 
‘‘Steinitz also said the U.N. Human 
Rights Commission’s obsessive focus on Israel points to anti-Semitism. Asked whether Israel would have done better to cooperate with the panel, he said, ‘You can’t explain to people who are not prepared to listen.’ 
‘‘Yesh Atid leader Yair Lapid also re-
jected the idea that Israel should have cooperated, saying the panel had drawn its conclusions before it even began its probe.’’ 
It goes on to discuss the report from 
the so-called Human Rights Council. The United Nations Human Rights Council is an abomination. It should be an affront as it is an outrage to anyone who cares about human rights. 
What has happened at the United Na-
tions? We have had so many nations join the United Nations that don’t care about human rights, and they don’t care about women. Of course, they are so brutal in the treatment of those who would oppose it, that apparently it scares off feminist groups who are afraid to attack those who really are inhumane in their treatment of women, enough so the feminist liberal groups are afraid to take them on. 
Hopefully, some day, they will gain 
the courage to see where women are truly being abused in horrendous ways, and they will join with some of the rest of us in trying to stop that, instead of going after Christian groups or groups who believe that everyone, once con-ceived, should have a right to live. 
Maybe if some of those groups quit 
attacking those who are pro-life and spent a little time attacking those who are true abusers of women, then we would find common footing, and we would be able to work better together. 
There is another article here from 
Anne Bayefsky. This one is headlined: ‘‘U.N. report denies Israel’s right of 
self-defense, advocates arrest of Israelis instead.’’ 
It really is outrageous, and the 
United States, as has been suggested by some writers, should withdraw from participation in the Human Rights Commission. The ICC, International Criminal Court, obviously from its ac-tions and its efforts, is quite anti-Se-mitic. The United States has no busi-ness supporting the efforts of those who support the effort and abuse of Israelis and the effort to eliminate them from off of the globe. 
Mr. Speaker, if there had been an 
Israel during the Holocaust, Jews would have had a place to go, and there would not have been 6 million killed in the Holocaust. This is no time for any-one who cares about world peace and the avoidance of suffering to stand up and decry Israel. This is a time to stand with Israel. 
Israel is an actual democratic repub-
lic in the middle of the Middle East that respects women like no nation around in the Middle East and supports the value of life and private property. How in the world are we not a better friend to them? 
I would like to see, as some writers 
have suggested, that we withdraw from anything that might lend our support to the International Criminal Court be-cause of its anti-Semitic views. 
Mr. Speaker, I realized, as I was read-
ing these articles about additional anti-Semitic efforts by the United Na-tions, that the U.N. has been overtaken by so many countries that don’t be-lieve in human rights for their people. 
b2030 
Many of them, they are abusive, have 
no problem with torturing those with whom they disagree, have no problem killing people who convert from, for example, Islamic beliefs to Christian beliefs—get the death penalty in some of these countries. 
You know, it is time to begin a new 
organization of democratic republics that respect the rights of women, men, children, and who have fair elections. 
Let’s have an international commu-
nity like that. Let’s have an inter-national group that, when it speaks, it is not with blood dripping off of the votes of its members. It would mean something. 
A human rights commission, for ex-
ample, for a while had Libya as the head. Are you kidding me? This is out-rageous. 
Mr. Speaker, I realized, in reviewing 
these articles, I have not yet filed the bill that I normally file, the U.N. Vot-ing Accountability Act. 
What I have learned around this body 
is, if you keep filing a bill long enough, even if it requires somebody else put-ting their name on it to get it to the floor, you get that done; you get it passed, and you don’t care who gets the credit. 
The U.N. Voting Accountability bill 
is very simple. It basically says any na-tion that votes against the United 
States more than half of the time in the preceding year would get no assist-ance from the United States of any kind whatsoever. As I have said for years, you don’t have to pay people to hate you. They will do it for free. It is still true. 
It is time to leave that money here. 
It is time for this administration to stop sending weapons that it knows have continuously fallen in the hands of the Islamic State and made it ex-tremely difficult for the courageous Kurdish fighters to fight and defeat the radical Islamic State. 
Let’s start sending those weapons di-
rectly to the Kurds. Baghdad is not let-ting them get them. They cannot eas-ily defeat the weapons, the up-armored vehicles, the things that we have sent that we knew ultimately were falling into Islamic State hands. 
As some Muslim friends, leaders in 
Middle Eastern states have continued to ask: Why is it that the United States administration keeps helping the Muslim Brotherhood? Don’t they know that is who is at war with the United States? 
They ask: Why do you keep helping 
your enemies? 
It is time that we quit helping our 
enemies. It is time that we help those here at home. 
I applaud our conference passing the 
bills we did tonight. One is going to make it easier for seniors to get access to the health care that ObamaCare has made it very difficult for them to get, so there is some good news. 
Our prayers continue so that, by the 
end of the week, there will be even bet-ter news. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. R USSELL (at the request of Mr. 
MCCARTHY ) for today on account of 
travel in connection with official du-ties and personal reasons. 
Mrs. W
AGNER (at the request of Mr. 
MCCARTHY ) for today on account of at-
tending the burial mass for her moth-er-in-law, Lorretto Wagner. 
Mr. C
LYBURN (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today through June 26 on 
account of official business in district. 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE(at the request of 
Ms. P ELOSI ) for today on account of of-
ficial business. 
Mr. J EFFRIES (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today. 
Mrs. N APOLITANO (at the request of 
Ms. P ELOSI ) for today and the balance 
of the week. 
Mr. P AYNE (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today on account of a med-
ical appointment. 
Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD (at the request 
of Ms. P ELOSI ) for today. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.072 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4590 June 23, 2015 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 8 o’clock and 35 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the 
House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, June 24, 2015, at 10 a.m. for 
morning-hour debate. h 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL 
Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the second quar-
ter of 2015, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, REBECCA TALLENT, EXPENDED BETWEEN MAY 1 AND MAY 11, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem (1) Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Rebecca Tallent ....................................................... 5 /2 5 /5 Israel ......................................... ............ .................... 1,500.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,500.00 
5 /5 5 /6 Turkey ................................................... .................... 654.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 654.00 
5 /6 5 /7 Germany ................................................ .................... 395.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 395.00 
5 /7 5 /8 Belgium ................................................ .................... 378.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 378.00 
5 /8 5 /11 France ................................................... .................... 1,960.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,960.00 
Committee totals ....................................... ............. ................. .......................................... ..................... .................... 4,887.00 .................... .................... .................... ................. ... .................... 4,887.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. 
REBECCA TALLENT, June 9, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO HUNGARY, EXPENDED BETWEEN MAY 15 AND MAY 19, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Michael Turner ................................................ 5 /16 5 /18 Hungary ......................................... ....... .................... 659.00 .................... 3,365.00 .................... .................... .................... 4,02 4.00 
Hon. Tom Marino ..................................................... 5 /16 5 /18 Hungary ........................................ ........ .................... 659.00 .................... 3,365.00 .................... .................... .................... 4,0 24.00 
Hon. Gerry Connolly ................................................. 5 /16 5 /18 Hungary ........................................ ........ .................... 659.00 .................... 9,769.00 .................... .................... .................... 10, 428.00 
Hon. Ted Poe ........................................................... 5 /16 5 /18 Hungary ..................................... ........... .................... 659.00 .................... 3,365.00 .................... .................... .................... 4,024.00 
Hon. Susan Davis .................................................... 5 /16 5 /18 Hungary ........................................ ........ .................... 659.00 .................... 3,365.00 .................... .................... .................... 4,0 24.00 
Morley Greene .......................................................... 5 /16 5 /19 Hungary ..................................... ........... .................... 912.00 .................... 3,365.00 .................... .................... .................... 4,277.00 
Janice Robinson ....................................................... 5 /15 5 /19 Hungary ...................................... .......... .................... 1,012.00 .................... 3,365.00 .................... .................... ................... . 4,377.00 
Ed Rice .................................................................... 5 /16 5 /19 Hungary ................................. ............... .................... 912.00 .................... 3,365.00 .................... .................... ................ .... 4,277.00 
Committee totals ....................................... ............. ................. .......................................... ..................... .................... 6,131.00 .................... 33,324.00 .................... .................... ....... ............. 39,455.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. MICHAEL R. TURNER, June 18, 2015. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1883. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-
retary, Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Admiral James A. Winnefeld, Jr., United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of admiral on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
1884. A letter from the Principal Deputy 
Assistant Secretary Performing the Duties of the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Af-fairs, Department of Defense, transmitting a legislative proposal that the Department of Defense requests be enacted during the first session of the 114th Congress addressing the military retirement recommendations of the Military Compensation and Retirement Mod-ernization Commission; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
1885. A letter from the Counsel, Legal Divi-
sion, Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-
tion, transmitting the Bureau’s final rule — Amendments to the 2013 Integrated Mort-gage Disclosures Rule Under the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (Regulation X) and the Truth In Lending Act (Regulation Z) and the 2013 Loan Originator Rule Under the Truth in Lending Act (Regulation Z) [Docket No.: CFPB-2014-0028] (RIN: 3170-AA48) re-ceived June 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Financial Services. 
1886. A letter from the Deputy Secretary, 
Securities and Exchange Commission, trans-mitting the Commission’s final rule — Com-
mission Guidance Regarding the Definition of the Terms ‘‘Spouse’’ and ‘‘Marriage’’ Fol-lowing the Supreme Court’s Decision in United States v. Windsor [Release Nos.: 33- 9850; 34-75250; IA-4122; IC-31684] received June 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Financial Services. 
1887. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-
viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a list of international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States to be transmitted to Congress within sixty days, in accordance with the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
1888. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 14-050; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
1889. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a letter regarding commit-ments in the Joint Plan of Action, pursuant to the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 Sec. 1245(d)(5) and 1245(d)(1); to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
1890. A communication from the President 
of the United States, transmitting notifica-tion that the national emergency, with re-spect to the Western Balkans, originally de-clared in Executive Order 13219 of June 26, 2001, is to continue in effect beyond June 26, 2015; (H. Doc. No. 114–44); to the Committee 
on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed. 
1891. A communication from the President 
of the United States, transmitting notifica-tion that the national emergency, with re-
spect to North Korea, originally declared on June 26, 2008, by Executive Order 13466, as amended and extended, is to continue in ef-fect beyond June 26, 2015; (H. Doc. No. 114– 45); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed. 
1892. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting the Department’s Office of In-
spector General Semiannual Report to Con-gress for the 6-month period of October 1, 2014 — March 31, 2015; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1893. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
Office of General Counsel, Department of Transportation, transmitting a report pursu-ant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1894. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting pursuant to the Inspector General Act of 1978, the semiannual reports to Congress from the Treasury Inspector General and the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration, during the reporting period of October 1, 2014, through March 31, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
1895. A letter from the Executive Director 
for Operations, Nuclear Regulatory Commis-sion, transmitting a letter providing the Web site address where the U.S. Nuclear Regu-latory Commission has posted its commer-cial activities inventory, pursuant to the Federal Activities Inventory Reform Act of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JN7.076 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4591 June 23, 2015 
1998 and the Office of Management and Budg-
et Circular No. A-76, ‘‘Performance of Com-mercial Activities’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1896. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Child Welfare Outcomes 2010-2013 Report to Congress, pur-suant to Public Law 105-89, Sec. 203(a); (111 Stat. 2127); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
1897. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Update of Weighted Average Interest Rates, Yield Curves, and Segment Rates [No-tice 2015-42] received June 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
1898. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Additional no-rule area — grantor trusts and Sec. 1014 basis step-up (Rev. Proc. 2015-37) received June 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
1899. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Applicable Federal Rates — July 2015 (Rev. Rul. 2015-15) received June 22, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
1900. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Application Procedures for Approval of Benefit Suspensions for Certain Multiem-ployer Defined Benefit Pension Plans under Sec. 432(e)(9) (Rev. Proc. 2015-34) received June 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. S. 971. An act to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to pro-vide for an increase in the limit on the length of an agreement under the Medicare independence at home medical practice dem-onstration program (Rept. 114–172, Pt. 1). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. H.R. 387. A bill to provide for certain land to be taken into trust for the benefit of Morongo Band of Mission Indians, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–173). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. CONAWAY: Committee on Agri-
culture. H.R. 2620. A bill to amend the United States Cotton Futures Act to exclude certain cotton futures contracts from coverage under such Act; with an amendment (Rept. 114–174). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. H.R. 805. A bill to prohibit the National Telecommunications and Informa-tion Administration from relinquishing re-sponsibility over the Internet domain name system until the Comptroller General of the United States submits to Congress a report on the role of the NTIA with respect to such system; with an amendment (Rept. 114–175). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. H.R. 2576. A bill to modernize the Toxic Substances Control Act, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–176). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BURGESS: Committee on Rules. House 
Resolution 333. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 2822) making ap-propriations for the Department of the Inte-rior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 2042) to allow for judi-cial review of any final rule addressing car-bon dioxide emissions from existing fossil fuel-fired electric utility generating units before requiring compliance with such rule, and to allow States to protect households and businesses from significant adverse ef-fects on electricity ratepayers or reliability; and providing for proceedings during the pe-riod from June 26, 2015, through July 6, 2015. Referred to the House Calendar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. S. 971 referred the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mrs. CAPPS (for herself and Mr. 
BOUSTANY ): 
H.R. 2846. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for coverage of cancer care planning and coordination under the Medicare program; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ROYCE (for himself, Mr. E
NGEL , 
Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, and Ms. 
BASS): 
H.R. 2847. A bill to encourage African coun-
tries provide first-time access to electricity and power services for at least 50,000,000 peo-ple in sub-Saharan Africa by 2020; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. BARLETTA: 
H.R. 2848. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to penalize aliens who overstay their visas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Penn-
sylvania (for himself and Mr. S
MITH 
of New Jersey): 
H.R. 2849. A bill to amend the Animal Wel-
fare Act to ensure that all dogs and cats used by research facilities are obtained legally; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
By Ms. EDWARDS (for herself, Mr. 
C
ARNEY , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. C LARK  
of Massachusetts, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
CUMMINGS , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. E LLI-
SON, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. K EATING , Mr. 
LEWIS, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New 
Mexico, Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY  
of New York, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. 
MOORE , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. O’R OURKE , 
Ms. P INGREE , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. R USH, 
Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. 
VANHOLLEN , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , 
Mr. W ELCH , and Ms. L EE): 
H.R. 2850. A bill to prevent deaths occur-
ring from drug overdoses; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ELLISON (for himself and Mr. 
P
OCAN ): 
H.R. 2851. A bill to require each insurer 
that considers marital status in the rating or underwriting of an insurance policy to consider the proposed insured to be married if the proposed insured is legally married under the laws of any State, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana (for him-
self, Mr. B
OUSTANY , Mr. A BRAHAM , 
Mr. R ICHMOND , and Mr. P ALAZZO ): 
H.R. 2852. A bill to provide for the eligi-
bility for burial in Arlington National Ceme-tery of certain members of reserve compo-nents of the Armed Forces; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HARPER (for himself and Mr. 
T
ONKO ): 
H.R. 2853. A bill to amend the Safe Drink-
ing Water Act to reauthorize technical as-sistance to small public water systems, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
By Mr. HECK of Nevada (for himself 
and Mr. A
MODEI ): 
H.R. 2854. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to repeal the occupational tax on gambling with respect to wagers au-thorized under State law; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. HIGGINS (for himself and Mr. 
T
AKANO ): 
H.R. 2855. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to eliminate the time limita-tion for use of eligibility and entitlement to educational assistance under certain pro-grams of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: 
H.R. 2856. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to establish certain procedures for conducting in-person or telephonic inter-actions by Executive branch employees with individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LARSON of Connecticut: 
H.R. 2857. A bill to facilitate the addition 
of park administration at the Coltsville Na-tional Historical Park, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Ms. M
CSALLY (for herself, Mr. 
BEYER , Mr. H ECKof Nevada, and Mr. 
CA´RDENAS ): 
H.R. 2858. A bill to phase out cosmetic ani-
mal testing and the sale of cosmetics tested on animals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. M
CSALLY (for herself, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona, Ms. S INEMA , Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. S ALM-
ON, and Mr. G OSAR ): 
H.R. 2859. A bill to amend the Intermodal 
Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 to designate the Sonoran Corridor con-necting Interstate 19 to Interstate 10 south of the Tucson International Airport as a fu-ture part of the Interstate System, and for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L23JN7.000 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4592 June 23, 2015 
other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-
portation and Infrastructure. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 2860. A bill to direct the Mayor of the 
District of Columbia to establish a District of Columbia National Guard Educational As-sistance Program to encourage the enlist-ment and retention of persons in the District of Columbia National Guard by providing fi-nancial assistance to enable members of the National Guard of the District of Columbia to attend undergraduate, vocational, or tech-nical courses; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. 
A
SHFORD , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. R USH, 
Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
JONES , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. H AHN, Ms. 
FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. K ILMER , Ms. 
BASS, Mr. H ECKof Washington, and 
Ms. M CCOLLUM ): 
H.R. 2861. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend the work oppor-
tunity credit to certain recently discharged veterans, to improve the coordination of vet-eran job training services between the De-partment of Labor, the Department of Vet-eran Affairs, and the Department of Defense, to require transparency for Executive de-partments in meeting the Government-wide goals for contracting with small business concerns owned and controlled by service- disabled veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices, Small Business, Education and the Workforce, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ROONEY of Florida (for him-
self, Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. 
BRADY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. 
RIGELL ): 
H.R. 2862. A bill to authorize the amend-
ment of the Federal sentencing guidelines to provide for an increase in 2 levels if the de-fendant intentionally selected any victim or any property as the object of the offense of conviction because of the victim’s military service or status as a veteran; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. ROONEY of Florida (for him-
self, Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. 
BRADY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. 
RIGELL ): 
H.R. 2863. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to prohibit unrecognized indi-viduals from charging fees for legal services provided to veterans related to appeals be-fore the Department of Veterans Affairs or the Board of Veterans’ Appeals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: 
H.R. 2864. A bill to prohibit the Adminis-
trator of the Environmental Protection Agency from extending the renewable fuel program past 2022 if the Administrator waives applicable volume requirements in prior years; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. SESSIONS (for himself and Mr. 
M
CDERMOTT ): 
H.R. 2865. A bill to amend the FAA Mod-
ernization and Reform Act of 2012 to make a technical correction relating to the amend-ments made by Public Law 113-243; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN (for her-
self, Ms. A
DAMS , Ms. B ASS, Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, 
Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. J UDYCHU 
of California, Ms. C LARK of Massa-chusetts, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. C LYBURN , 
Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C ON-
YERS , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. D ANNY K. 
DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. 
DELAURO , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. 
FARR, Mr. F OSTER , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. 
GARAMENDI , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
HONDA , Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, 
Ms. K APTUR , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Ms. K USTER , Mr. 
LANGEVIN , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. L EE, 
Mr. L EVIN, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. T EDLIEU 
of California, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALO-
NEYof New York, Mr. S EANPATRICK  
MALONEY of New York, Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. M EEKS , 
Ms. M OORE , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. N AD-
LER, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. N ORCROSS , 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. P AS-
CRELL , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. 
RUSH, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mr. S IRES, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. T HOMPSON  
of Mississippi, Mr. T ONKO , Mrs. 
TORRES , Mr. V AN HOLLEN , Mr. 
VARGAS , Mr. V ELA, Ms. M AXINE  
WATERS of California, Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. 
BONAMICI , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. P ETERS , and Ms. 
CLARKE of New York): 
H.R. 2866. A bill to amend title XXVII of 
the Public Health Service Act to provide for a special enrollment period for pregnant women, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Oversight and Government Re-form, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HARPER: 
H. Res. 334. A resolution designating the 
Ulysses S. Grant Association as the organi-zation to implement the bicentennial cele-bration of the birth of Ulysses S. Grant, Civil War General and 2-term President of the United States; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. QUIGLEY (for himself, Mr. R
OS-
KAM, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , 
Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. S HIMKUS , 
Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. R OD-
NEY DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, 
Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS 
of Illinois, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. 
DOLD, Mr. B OST, and Mr. R USH): 
H. Res. 335. A resolution congratulating 
the Chicago Blackhawks on winning the 2015 Stanley Cup Championship; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
f 
MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials 
were presented and referred as follows: 
68. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of 
the House of Representatives of the State of Illinois, relative to House Resolution 527, urging President Barack Obama and Con-gress to make federal funds available to the Illinois Community College System; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
69. Also, a memorial of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the State of Delaware, rel-ative to House Resolution No. 17, reaffirming the commitment to the strong and deepening relationship between Taiwan and Delaware; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mrs. CAPPS: 
H.R. 2846. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitutional authority in which this 
bill rests is the power of the Congress to reg-ulate Commerce, as enumerated by Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Con-stitution. 
By Mr. ROYCE: 
H.R. 2847. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States 
By Mr. BARLETTA: 
H.R. 2848. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4. 
By Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Penn-
sylvania: 
H.R. 2849. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This law is enacted pursuant to Article 1, 
Section 8, Clauses 1 and 3 to the U.S. Con-stitution. 
By Ms. EDWARDS: 
H.R. 2850. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress is authorized to enact this legis-
lation under the Commerce Clause, Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, ‘‘to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ Addi-tionally, Congress has the authority to enact this legislation pursuant to the Preamble of the Constitution, ‘‘to promote the general welfare.’’ 
By Mr. ELLISON: 
H.R. 2851. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, Clause 3 and 
Clause 18. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana: 
H.R. 2852. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. HARPER: 
H.R. 2853. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII, Clause I 
By Mr. HECK of Nevada: 
H.R. 2854. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Con-
stitution. 
By Mr. HIGGINS: 
H.R. 2855. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: 
H.R. 2856. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18,—‘‘To make 
all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L23JN7.100 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4593 June 23, 2015 
Constitution in the government of the 
United States, or in any department or offi-cer thereof.’’ To better ensure the due proc-ess rights guaranteed in Fifth and Four-teenth Amendments to the United States Constitution 
By Mr. LARSON of Connecticut: 
H.R. 2857. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
Constitution; 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
Constitution; and 
Clause 2 of Section 3 of Article IV of the 
Constitution. 
By Ms. M
CSALLY: 
H.R. 2858. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
By Ms. McSALLY: 
H.R. 2859. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clauses: 1) ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To . . . 
provide for the common defense and general Welfare of the United States’’ 
3) ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-
tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’ 
7) ‘‘To establish Post Offices and post 
Roads’’ 
18) ‘‘To make all Law which shall be nec-
essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested in this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’ 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 2860. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clauses 12, 13, 14, 16, 17, and 18 of section 8 
of article I of the Constitution. 
By Mr. PETERS: 
H.R. 2861. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. ROONEY of Florida: 
H.R. 2862. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
To make Rules for the Government and 
Regulations of the land and naval Forces 
To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. ROONEY of Florida: 
H.R. 2863. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
To make Rules for the Government and 
Regulations of the land and naval Forces 
To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: 
H.R. 2864. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. SESSIONS: 
H.R. 2865. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 Specifically, Clause 1, Clause 3, Clause 18 
By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: 
H.R. 2866. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 6: Mr. G IBBS, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. 
WOMACK , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. 
DIAZ-BALART , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. 
CAPUANO , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. T IBERI , Ms. 
HERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. 
GUINTA , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , and Mr. S IMPSON . 
H.R. 12: Mr. L EVIN. 
H.R. 24: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 167: Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. 
ESTY, Mr. P OLIS, and Mr. F ATTAH . 
H.R. 169: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 188: Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . 
H.R. 197: Mr. B ERA. 
H.R. 232: Ms. S LAUGHTER and Ms. L ORETTA  
SANCHEZ of California. 
H.R. 244: Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 247: Mr. A LGREEN of Texas. 
H.R. 263: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 276: Mrs. H ARTZLER and Mr. D UNCAN of 
Tennessee. 
H.R. 359: Mr. T AKANO and Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 402: Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H.R. 427: Mr. S TUTZMAN . 
H.R. 510: Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H.R. 540: Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 563: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. 
NUGENT , Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Ms. M CCOL-
LUM. 
H.R. 581: Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 602: Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. M ACARTHUR , and 
Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 605: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 612: Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 616: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 624: Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 653: Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 662: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 664: Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H.R. 672: Mr. H ARPER . 
H.R. 699: Mr. F INCHER . 
H.R. 702: Mr. S TUTZMAN . 
H.R. 745: Mr. H INOJOSA . 
H.R. 756: Mr. I SRAEL . 
H.R. 767: Ms. S LAUGHTER and Mr. M ICHAEL  
F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 774: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. 
H.R. 800: Mr. C OURTNEY . 
H.R. 812: Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 815: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri and Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida. 
H.R. 822: Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 823: Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 824: Mrs. L UMMIS . 
H.R. 829: Ms. M ATSUI and Mr. C ARSON of In-
diana. 
H.R. 835: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 842: Mr. E NGEL , Mr. C OSTELLO of Penn-
sylvania, and Mr. C RAWFORD . 
H.R. 855: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 865: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia and Mr. 
POMPEO . 
H.R. 879: Mrs. B LACKBURN . 
H.R. 885: Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 893: Mr. H ARDY . 
H.R. 910: Mrs. D INGELL . 
H.R. 918: Mr. O LSON and Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 920: Mr. C URBELO of Florida. 
H.R. 921: Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 923: Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H.R. 931: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 932: Mrs. D AVIS of California and Mr. 
HINOJOSA . 
H.R. 969: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 972: Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . 
H.R. 985: Mr. R OYCE , Mrs. B USTOS , and Mr. 
TONKO . H.R. 986: Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. 
H.R. 990: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. 
H.R. 1002: Mr. D UFFY , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. 
HUIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. 
DIAZ-BALART , and Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 1061: Mr. G IBSON and Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 1087: Mr. D ESANTIS . 
H.R. 1091: Mr. C RAMER , Mr. H ASTINGS , and 
Ms. F RANKEL of Florida. 
H.R. 1098: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 1101: Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 1130: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 1178: Mr. H ARPER and Mr. M EEHAN . 
H.R. 1185: Mr. T IPTON . 
H.R. 1197: Mr. L AMALFA . 
H.R. 1202: Mr. G UTIE´RREZ and Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 1221: Mr. D ESJARLAIS and Mr. L OBI-
ONDO . 
H.R. 1250: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 1258: Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 1288: Ms. H AHNand Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 1299: Mr. O LSON and Mr. A DERHOLT . 
H.R. 1321: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 1338: Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. L ANGEVIN , and 
Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 1342: Mr. C LAY. 
H.R. 1343: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 1369: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 1378: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 1387: Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 1388: Mr. R ENACCI and Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 1401: Mr. L UCAS . 
H.R. 1427: Ms. C LARKE of New York. 
H.R. 1439: Ms. C LARKE of New York. 
H.R. 1448: Mr. K EATING and Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 1462: Mr. C OOPER . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
CRAMER , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. R OYCE , and Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 1477: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 1479: Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 1487: Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 1506: Ms. C LARKE of New York. 
H.R. 1515: Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 1516: Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. G IBSON , Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY , and Mr. M ARINO . 
H.R. 1549: Mr. W ALBERG . 
H.R. 1555: Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. 
H.R. 1567: Mr. F ARRand Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 1581: Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 1595: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Ms. 
BROWN of Florida, and Mr. D IAZ-BALART . 
H.R. 1610: Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 1644: Mr. M CCLINTOCK . 
H.R. 1665: Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 1671: Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 1726: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 1737: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
COLLINS of New York, Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. 
COURTNEY , and Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 1739: Mr. P ITTENGER . 
H.R. 1752: Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. 
LOUDERMILK , and Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 1753: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 1760: Mr. F ITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 1769: Mr. P IERLUISI , Mr. L ARSEN of 
Washington, Mr. H IGGINS , and Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 1786: Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. D AVID 
SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, 
and Mr. L EWIS. 
H.R. 1814: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. 
DELAURO , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. M ICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. S CHRA -
DER, Ms. F UDGE , and Mr. L EWIS. 
H.R. 1817: Mr. C ALVERT . 
H.R. 1818: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 1832: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. 
H.R. 1846: Mr. C OOPER . 
H.R. 1853: Mr. T ROTT , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , and 
Mr. Pittenger. 
H.R. 1856: Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 1859: Mr. H ECKof Nevada. 
H.R. 1920: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 1930: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY and Ms. L OF-
GREN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JN7.044 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4594 June 23, 2015 
H.R. 1937: Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 1941: Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 1968: Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 1994: Mr. T IPTON , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. 
OLSON , and Mr. R OONEY of Florida. 
H.R. 2023: Mr. C OOPER , Ms. D ELBENE, and 
Mr. C OSTA . 
H.R. 2061: Mr. S MITH of Missouri and Mr. 
CRENSHAW . 
H.R. 2072: Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 2140: Mr. F ITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 2147: Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 2152: Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 2156: Ms. M CCOLLUM and Miss R ICEof 
New York. 
H.R. 2169: Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H.R. 2193: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 2197: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. L EVIN, 
Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. 
SERRANO , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. C UMMINGS , 
Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Ms. B ASS, Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 2216: Mrs. B USTOS and Mr. L EVIN. 
H.R. 2259: Mr. P ITTENGER and Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H.R. 2287: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. 
H.R. 2302: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 2303: Mr. S CHIFF and Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 2315: Mr. O LSON , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. 
STEWART , and Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H.R. 2342: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 2358: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska and Mr. 
JONES . 
H.R. 2360: Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 2362: Mr. T IPTON and Ms. M AXINE  
WATERS of California. 
H.R. 2382: Mr. C OLLINS of New York and Mr. 
OLSON . 
H.R. 2400: Mr. L ANCE and Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 2404: Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. 
CAPUANO , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. 
AMODEI , and Mr. H OLDING . 
H.R. 2405: Mr. P AULSEN and Mrs. B LACK -
BURN . 
H.R. 2410: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 2412: Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 2449: Mr. C OHEN , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , and Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 2466: Mr. M ICAand Mr. S TEWART . 
H.R. 2493: Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. H INO-
JOSA, Mrs. N APOLITANO , and Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida. 
H.R. 2501: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida. 
H.R. 2513: Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. H EN-
SARLING , and Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 2514: Mr. N UNES . 
H.R. 2520: Mr. F ITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 2530: Ms. M OORE , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. M EEHAN , and Mr. C OSTELLO of 
Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2539: Mrs. C APPS . 
H.R. 2560: Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 2568: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 2576: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. R ICH-
MOND , Mr. R USH, and Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-
sissippi. 
H.R. 2588: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 2602: Ms. S PEIER and Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN . 
H.R. 2606: Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
MOOLENAAR , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT 
of Georgia, Mr. O LSON , and Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H.R. 2615: Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. W ASSERMAN  
SCHULTZ , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. BORDALLO , Mr. B ECERRA , Ms. B ROWN of Flor-
ida, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, and Mr. D AVID 
SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 2639: Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 2646: Mr. H ANNA and Mrs. B LACKBURN . 
H.R. 2652: Mr. R OKITA . 
H.R. 2654: Mrs. L OWEY and Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 2658: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. O LSON , 
and Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 2660: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 2669: Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. M ATSUI , and 
Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 2689: Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Ms. 
ROYBAL -ALLARD , and Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 2698: Mr. G UTHRIE . 
H.R. 2716: Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.R. 2726: Mr. K ILMER and Mr. C RENSHAW . 
H.R. 2737: Mr. T AKANO , Mr. S MITH of Wash-
ington, and Mr. A LGREEN of Texas. 
H.R. 2738: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 2742: Mr. C OOPER , Mr. C RAMER , Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 2748: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 2767: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida and Mr. 
ENGEL . 
H.R. 2768: Mr. L EVIN. 
H.R. 2770: Mr. H IGGINS . 
H.R. 2773: Ms. M ATSUI and Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 2790: Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H.R. 2798: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 2800: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan and Mr. 
COFFMAN . 
H.R. 2802: Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. B ROOKS of 
Alabama, Mr. O LSON , and Mr. D ESJARLAIS . 
H.R. 2810: Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 2813: Mr. K ILMER and Mr. A LGREEN of 
Texas. 
H.R. 2815: Ms. G RAHAM and Ms. L ORETTA  
SANCHEZ of California. 
H.R. 2820: Mr. G RIJALVA and Mr. 
HUELSKAMP . 
H.R. 2826: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. 
H.R. 2838: Mr. N EAL. 
H.R. 2841: Ms. D EGETTE . 
H.J. Res. 25: Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.J. Res. 36: Ms. K USTER . 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana. 
H. Con. Res. 33: Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H. Con. Res. 50: Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. T HOMP -
SONof California, and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H. Res. 12: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois 
and Ms. F UDGE . 
H. Res. 28: Mr. S HERMAN . 
H. Res. 50: Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H. Res. 56: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania. 
H. Res. 102: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H. Res. 147: Mr. D ESANTIS and Mr. M URPHY  
of Florida. 
H. Res. 204: Mr. C OHEN . 
H. Res. 209: Mr. G OHMERT and Mr. 
PITTENGER . 
H. Res. 210: Ms. M OORE and Mr. L ARSEN of 
Washington. 
H. Res. 227: Mr. C OHEN . 
H. Res. 291: Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. W ASSERMAN  
SCHULTZ , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. 
BORDALLO , Mr. B ECERRA , Ms. B ROWN of Flor-
ida, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, and Mr. D AVID 
SCOTT of Georgia. 
H. Res. 294: Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. Z INKE, Ms. 
NORTON , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. L EVIN, and, Mr. 
ENGEL . 
H. Res. 310: Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. F RANKS of Ari-zona, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. H IGGINS , 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H. Res. 316: Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H. Res. 318: Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. H ENSARLING , and 
Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN . 
H. Res. 327: Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. 
FARR, Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. 
LEE, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, and Ms. N ORTON . 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-
ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Rep-
resentative P ALLONE or a designee to H.R. 
2042, the Ratepayer Protection Act of 2015, does not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
f 
AMENDMENTS 
Under clause 8 of rule XVIII, pro-
posed amendments were submitted as follows: 
H.R. 2822 
OFFERED BY: MR. BABIN 
AMENDMENT NO. 1: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
OFFSHORE DRILLING PERMITS  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Interior to block approval of offshore drilling permits. 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MR. HUELSKAMP  
AMENDMENT NO. 2: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS TO IMPLEMENT OR  
ENFORCE THE THREATENED SPECIES LISTING  
OF THE LESSER PRAIRIE -CHICKEN  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to implement or en-force the threatened species listing of the lesser prairie chicken under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MR. HUELSKAMP  
AMENDMENT NO. 3: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR PROPOSED  
RULE FOR LESSER PRAIRIE CHICKEN  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Secretary of the Interior to write or issue under section 4 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533) a proposed rule for lesser prairie chickens ( Tympanuchus pallidicinctus ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JN7.049 H23JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4523 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JUNE 23, 2015 No. 101 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. O God, You are from everlasting to 
everlasting. Keep us under Your watch-ful eyes, that we may dwell in Your eternal presence. 
Lord, into Your care we entrust our 
lawmakers. Help them to feel the com-panionship of Your presence, as they labor for liberty. Give them safety from all danger and the wisdom to re-member that You will never leave or forsake them. 
Be with the members of their staffs. 
Control their thoughts as You fill them with peace. Surround them with the shield of Your Divine favor, sustaining them in all they do and say. Be present in their hearts as a Spirit of power, joy, and contentment. 
We pray in Your merciful Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C OT-
TON). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR—H.R. 160 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand there is a bill at the desk that is due for a second reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 160) to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, in 
order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I ob-ject to further proceedings. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The bill will be placed on the cal-
endar. 
f 
TRADE FACILITATION AND TRADE 
ENFORCEMENT ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask that the Chair lay before the Sen-ate the House message accompanying H.R. 644. 
The Presiding Officer laid before the 
Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, That the House agree to the 
amendment of the Senate to the title of the bill (H.R. 644) entitled ‘‘An Act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to perma-nently extend and expand the charitable de-duction for contributions of food inventory,’’ and further 
Resolved, That the House agree to the 
amendment of the Senate, with an amend-ment. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to insist upon the Senate amend-ment, agree to the request by the House for a conference, and authorize the Presiding Officer to appoint con-ferees. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-
tion is pending. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
send a cloture motion to the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to insist upon the Senate amendment, agree to the request by the House for a con-ference, and authorize the Presiding Officer to appoint conferees with respect to H.R. 644. 
Mitch McConnell, Johnny Isakson, David 
Perdue, Chuck Grassley, Thom Tillis, Marco Rubio, Daniel Coats, John Cor-nyn, Mike Crapo, Michael B. Enzi, Kelly Ayotte, Orrin G. Hatch, Roger F. Wicker, Deb Fischer, Rob Portman, Cory Gardner, Richard Burr. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that following leader remarks, the time until 11 a.m. this morning be equally divided be-tween the leaders or their designees, and that the second-degree filing dead-line for H.R. 2146 and H.R. 1295 be 10:30 a.m. this morning. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TRADE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, yes-
terday, the Senate’s top Democrat on trade announced his support for the bi-partisan trade legislation we will vote on today. 
It adds to the renewed momentum we 
are seeing for America’s workers. It is showing that Democrats can join Re-publicans to knock down unfair inter-national barriers that discriminate against America’s middle class—bar-riers that for too long have prevented American workers from selling more of what they make and American farmers from selling more of what they grow. It is demonstrating that both parties can work together to strengthen America’s national security at home and Amer-ica’s leadership abroad, instead of sim-ply ceding the future and one of the world’s fastest growing regions to Chi-nese aggression. 
It is proving that our friends can 
rally with us and support 1.4 million 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JN6.000 S23JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4524 June 23, 2015 
additional jobs in our country—includ-
ing over 18,000 in Kentucky alone—as one study estimates new trade agree-ments with Europe and the Pacific could well support. These are the rea-sons a bill is gaining steam that would help advance all of these objectives—a bill that would enhance Congress’s role in the trade process while ensuring Presidents of either party have the tools to secure strong and enforceable trade agreements. 
That is the bipartisan trade bill be-
fore us today. It passed the Finance Committee with strong bipartisan sup-port in April. It passed the full Senate with strong bipartisan support in May. It just passed the House with backing from across the political spectrum as well, gaining the support of everyone from Chairman R
YAN and Representa-
tive H ENSARLING on one side to Rep-
resentative K INDon the other. 
Now it is time for the next step. I urge all of our colleagues to vote 
for cloture on this bipartisan trade bill today. That will open the way for final passage of TPA tomorrow. It will open the way for final passage of TAA and the AGOA and preferences measure the following day, too. 
Earlier this morning, Speaker B
OEH-
NERreaffirmed his commitment to tak-
ing up TAA once it passes the Senate. He stated his desire to see both TAA and TPA on the President’s desk by the end of this week, and he underlined the House’s readiness to go to conference on the Customs bill. Speaker B
OEHNER  
is clearly committed to building trust across the aisle on this issue, and I am as well. That is why I just moved to go to conference on the Customs bill. 
So this is where we are. Let’s vote 
today. Let’s vote today to move ahead on TPA, an important accomplishment for the country. Then we can vote to move ahead on TAA, AGOA, and pref-erences, and then we can vote to move ahead on Customs. 
If we all keep working together and 
trusting each other, then by the end of the week the President will have TPA, TAA, and AGOA and preferences on his desk, with Customs in the process of heading his way as well. 
Today is a very big vote. It is an im-
portant moment for the country. It sets in motion the completion of a project we set out on literally months ago, completing work on all four of the bills reported by the Finance Com-mittee. That is what my friends on the other side have said they wanted, and that is what can be achieved by con-tinuing to work together. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
RACISM IN AMERICA  
Mr. REID. Mr. President, our Na-
tion’s heart remains broken over the senseless tragedy last week in Charles-ton, SC. A young man full of hate took the lives of nine worshippers after they welcomed him into their Bible study. 
Once again, someone motivated by 
ignorance and hatred got his hands on a gun and inflicted pain on innocent 
Americans. Once again, we must wit-ness the people of a community as they struggle to reconnect and put the pieces of their lives back together. Once again, we are looking at our newspapers, watching our TV screens, and talking at our dinner tables about why—why did this happen? 
As the painful details emerge, we 
cannot turn away from the hard truth this tragedy lays bare: Racism still ex-ists in our society. 
We have to accept that reality. If we 
ever hope to change it, we have to ac-cept that reality. I watched this week-end as pundits and the Nation’s thought leaders attempted to address this issue by sidestepping the truth. This violent attack was racially moti-vated, plain and simple. It was in-tended to terrorize the African-Amer-ican community both in Charleston and around this Nation. 
Fifty years after Dr. Martin Luther 
King led a March in Washington, 50 years after Congress passed the Civil Rights Act, 50 years after the march for voting rights in Selma, 50 years after Congress passed the Voting Rights Act, we must still face the hard truth about race in America. The truth is that we still have much to do. We must overcome. We have no choice. One cannot ignore this underlying issue. 
It deeply troubles our Nation that 
hatred and bigotry exist. The harsh re-ality of hatred and bigotry in this country, in addition to the consistent lack of opportunities in communities of color, have left far too many men and women of color feel that their lives really don’t matter. It is easy to feel that your life doesn’t matter when the odds are stacked against you every place you look, on every hand. 
Here are some of the facts African 
Americans face on a daily basis. Nearly half of all African-American families have lived in poor neighborhoods for at least two generations—50 percent com-pared to 7 percent of White families. An African-American man is far more likely to be stopped and searched by police, charged with crimes, and sen-tenced to longer prison terms than a White male—10 percent longer for the same crimes in the Federal system. In the State system, the numbers are even more skewed than that. 
These facts alone illustrate that 
countless men and women face unprec-edented challenges and are still judged by the color of their skin, not the con-tent of their character. 
We have a moral obligation to change 
these realities. We must do everything within our power to ensure that all Americans know that their lives mat-ter. This means standing for what is right, calling out bigotry and hatred when it is seen and felt, and then tak-ing action to address the bigotry. 
It is hard to fathom that even as the 
community of Charleston grapples with the devastation of this hateful act, Af-rican-American men and women have to walk under a Confederate flag when 
they step on the grounds of the South Carolina statehouse in Columbia, SC. 
The Confederate flag is a symbol of 
the dark past from which our country has come. It does not and should not represent our values or the way we treat our fellow Americans. It is a sym-bol of slavery. It is a symbol of White supremacy. There is no other way to explain it. It often flew high as vile or-ganizations such as the Ku Klux Klan torched African-American churches. 
This symbol of the past has no place 
atop buildings that govern Americans. It is just not who we are, and certainly it shouldn’t be who we want to be. The flag should be removed and now. 
Yesterday, Governor Nikki Haley of 
South Carolina said that in the Capitol of South Carolina the flag should not be flown. She said: We will do this in spite of what the State legislature feels. 
We have tried this in the past, and 
the State legislatures have said: No, we are keeping the flag flying. 
So I applaud her. I appreciate her 
courageous act so that the Confederate flag has no future in the future of South Carolina. It belongs in the past in every place in America, not just South Carolina. Anyone who desires to fly that flag on private property can do so, of course, but no State in our great Nation should allow this flag to soar above its capitol. It shouldn’t soar in public places. 
We must always stand for what is 
right. We must stand for equality and justice and act to defend them. We must preserve and protect the rights of every American, not because it is the safe thing to do, not because it is pop-ular or because it has political benefit. We must stand and defend equality and justice because that is the right thing to do. 
We must take meaningful action to 
ensure the safety of our citizens. 
Once again, our hearts are broken as 
another community struggles to re-cover from a mass shooting. I am going to mention now just a few of them: Fort Hood, 13 Americans killed, and this was on a military base; Tucson, AZ, 6 Americans killed; Carson City, NV, 4 Americans killed; Newtown, CT, 27 Americans dead, and 22 of them were innocent little children; Aurora, CO, in a movie theater, 12 killed; the Navy Yard, maybe a mile from here at the most, in the District of Columbia, 12 killed; Charleston, SC—of course we know 9 were killed while in a Bible study class. And these are not all of the violent acts; these are but a hand-ful. All of these violent events occurred within the past few years. 
Our country, the United States, is 
the only advanced country where this type of mass violence occurs—the only country. Per capita, in America we kill each other with guns at a rate 297 times higher than Japan, 49 times higher than France, 33 times higher than Israel, and we outdistance every other country by far too much. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JN6.003 S23JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4525 June 23, 2015 
We can do something about this sad, 
violent reality. Let’s do something. We can expand, for example, background checks for people who want to buy guns to prevent the mentally ill and criminals from buying guns. Is that asking too much—the mentally ill and criminals? More than 80 percent of the American people support this. Why can’t we in Congress support it? The American people support it. It has bi-partisan support. I say it over and over again. The American community is overwhelmingly in support of not giv-ing guns to people who are mentally ill or felons. They shouldn’t be able to buy guns. We should act to save lives by ex-panding these background checks. Isn’t that the least we can do? 
I know people will come and say: 
Well, he wasn’t a felon. Maybe so. But couldn’t we do something? Couldn’t we at least do this minimal thing to stop people who are sick in the head and people who are criminals from pur-chasing guns? Couldn’t we at least do that? 
Einstein’s definition of insanity is 
continuing the same thing over and over while expecting a different result, and that is what we are doing. For the future of our country, we have to change. In the face of racism and big-otry, we must act. We can’t do nothing. We must prevent felons and the men-tally ill from gunning down even more Americans in broad daylight. If we do not, we will be here again. Our hearts will be broken again. Again we will have to ask ourselves how we allowed another senseless tragedy to take place while we stood by doing nothing to pre-vent other deaths. 
Mr. President, what is the business 
before the Senate today? 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the time until 11 a.m. will be equally divided. 
The Senator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, later 
today the Senate will once again have an opportunity to vote on whether to renew trade promotion authority. The Senate has already considered this issue once and the House has voted on it twice, each time demonstrating strong bipartisan support for TPA. My hope is that we can get to a similar re-sult with today’s vote in the Senate. 
We need to be clear about what is at 
stake. The United States is currently negotiating a number of trade agree-ments with some of our most impor-tant trading partners in the world. If the Senate fails to approve this bill, neither Congress nor the American people will have a strong voice during these negotiations. As a result, our Na-tion will not be able to get the best trade agreements possible, if we are able to advance any trade agreements at all. Some people, including some of 
our colleagues, may be fine with that result. They do not think we need trade agreements to promote a healthy economy. But nothing could be further from the truth. 
As we all know, most of the world’s 
consumers live outside our borders—95 percent of them. In addition, the vast majority of economic growth in the world is likely to occur outside of the United States over the next decade. If our workers, farmers, ranchers, and service providers are going to be able to compete in these growing markets, we must have open access to these markets and fair trade rules to boot. Without strong trade agreements, nei-ther of these is possible. 
When it comes to international 
trade, we cannot stand still. If we don’t lead and set the rules of the game, other nations will and our economy will be left behind. 
The United States continues to be a 
leader in agricultural exports through-out the world. In fact, we still export more agricultural goods than any other country. In addition, the United States continues to boast an enormous manu-facturing base that supplies consumers in every corner of the globe. 
We also lead the world in technology, 
digital services, and innovation. In-deed, not only do we lead the world in creation of intellectual property, America essentially created the mod-ern digital landscape. 
The United States also continues to 
lead in trade in services, exporting more than $700 billion in services in 2014 alone. That is more than twice as much as the United Kingdom, the world’s second highest services ex-porter. 
I ask that the Parliamentarian let 
me know when my 10 minutes has ex-pired. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator will be so notified. 
Mr. HATCH. In other words, we know 
we can compete on the world stage when the rules are fair and the playing field is level. That is why I am such a strong proponent of this TPA legisla-tion. This bill, which is the product of a great deal of work and a lot of bipar-tisan cooperation, will have a powerful and positive impact on industries throughout our economy, on con-sumers, and, of course, on American workers as well. 
In an America that embraces inter-
national trade, I believe even those in-dividuals who encounter a temporary setback can find new opportunities, can out-work, out-produce, out-think, and out-innovate our global competi-tion so long as the groundwork has been laid to give them those opportuni-ties. That is why we need strong trade agreements, and that is why we need TPA. 
As you can surely tell, I feel very 
passionately about free trade, and I know many of my colleagues are just as passionate in their opposition. But as Congress has considered this legisla-tion, I think we have had a full and fair 
debate on these issues. We have been transparent on the substance of the bill and in the way things have moved for-ward. Both sides have been able to make their case to the American peo-ple. 
It is at times such as these when 
working in Congress is the most re-warding. We have the opportunity to hear so many different accounts, sift through mountains of data and re-search, meet with hundreds of inter-ested parties representing thousands of our constituents, and work through hotly contested differences. Then, after all of that work, when circumstances are right, we are able to come up with bipartisan legislation that addresses the needs of our country, our constitu-ents, and our economy. That is what we have been able to do with this TPA debate, which is a debate that has been going on for many years now. 
I still want to work with those who 
may not share all my views on all these issues. One way we have agreed to do that is to help ensure that trade adjustment assistance, or TAA, will be extended. As you know, TAA has been included in the trade preferences bill the Senate will hopefully vote on later this week after we pass TPA. 
I have said many times that I am not 
a fan of TAA. Personally, I think the program is redundant and ineffective. However, after 38 years here in the Senate, believe me, I am well aware that everything is not about me. I un-derstand TAA is a priority for a num-ber of my colleagues and that it con-tinues to be the price of admission for many who want to support TPA. The Senate majority leader recognizes this as well, which is why he has committed to ensuring that TAA gets a fair vote here in the Senate and a fair oppor-tunity to pass. 
Throughout this process, we have 
done all we can, within reason, to ac-commodate the concerns of Senators. I am very appreciative of all the support we have received from Members on both sides of the aisle. We couldn’t have gotten this far without that sup-port. 
Now it is time to finish the work—to 
pass this bill and get it to the Presi-dent’s desk. We need this bill to ensure that our constituents’ voices are heard in the trade negotiating process. We need this bill to give our trade nego-tiators the tools they need to get a good deal. And we need this bill to ex-pand access to foreign markets so that we can grow our economy and create new and high-paying jobs here at home. That is what this bill is all about and why we have been working on this process for so long. We are very close to the finish line, and we need just one more burst of energy and a few more steps to get us there. 
I urge all my colleagues who support 
free trade, open markets, and the ad-vancement of American values and in-terests abroad to join me once again in supporting TPA and working with me 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JN6.006 S23JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4526 June 23, 2015 
and with my colleague Senator W YDEN  
to get all the pending trade bills passed in the Senate and signed into law. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, over the 
last several weeks on the floor of both this body and the House, we have heard Members, colleagues, say they are tired of the old 1990s North American Free Trade Agreement playbook on trade. They are concerned that the package which is once again before the Senate is more of the same. 
Here is my message on why this leg-
islation needs to move forward. If you believe those policies of the 1990s failed to protect American workers and strengthen our economy, this is our chance to set a new course. This is our chance to put in place higher standards in global trade on matters such as labor rights and environmental protec-tion, to shine some real sunlight on trade agreements and ensure that our country writes the rules of the road. 
The fact is, in 2015, globalization is a 
reality. The choice is whether to sit back and allow globalization to push and pull on our economy until in ways dictated by countries in China. So our choice is either to move now and get into the center of the ring and fight for a stronger economic future, protect our workers and promote our values, or re-main tethered to many of those old policies of the 1990s. 
I say to the Senate today: If you be-
lieve, like me, that it is time once and for all to close the books on the North American free-trade era in trade, this legislation deserves your support. 
In my hometown paper recently, 
there was an opinion article, and it stated that this trade bill lays out ‘‘a hard-and-fast checklist for the TPP, holding the Obama administration ac-countable for meeting its goals and conditions.’’ The article goes on to say that this legislation ‘‘will reorient pri-orities and improve the process for the TPP and other trade agreements in the future.’’ I completely agree with that view, but the Senate doesn’t have to take my word for it. Those are the words of Tim Nesbitt, the past presi-dent of the Oregon AFL–CIO, who has disagreed with me on trade often over the years. Yet now he states that this legislation we will vote on today pro-vides a fresh opportunity for trade done right. 
When it comes to core American val-
ues—labor rights, environmental pro-tection, and human rights—this legis-lation raises the bar and demands more from our trade negotiators than ever before. 
We have talked a lot about a race to 
the bottom. My view is that if our country doesn’t fight to protect worker rights and the environment with tough, enforceable trade agreements, those priorities are going to wither away. China is certainly not going to take up the banner for American val-ues in trade. So if you believe America should stop a race to the bottom on 
labor rights, environmental safeguards, and human rights, this legislation is our chance to lift up global standards. 
I want to talk for a moment about 
the economic potential of this legisla-tion. What we all understand we need to do is make things here, grow things here, add value to them here, and then ship them somewhere. My State knows how to make this happen, and so do many others. About one out of five jobs in Oregon depends on international trade. Almost 90 percent of them are small and medium sized. And what we know is that in many instances those jobs pay better. 
The fact is, if our farmers want to 
sell their products in Japan—and this is true of agriculture all over America. A lot of our farmers face average tar-iffs of 40 percent. That is right. If you want to export some jam to Vietnam, it will be marked up by 90 percent. If you want to sell a bottle of wine—and we have wine growers with prosperous businesses all over the country—they have to fork over 50 percent of the value to the government. So if we be-lieve other countries should open their markets to American exports, like the U.S. is open to theirs, this is our chance to break down the tariffs and other barriers. 
I want to touch for a moment again 
on how different this is than the 1990s. In the 1990s, nobody could have imag-ined the right tools to protect the mod-ern Internet. Twenty-five years ago, it was impossible to make a living by set-ting up a business online. A cell phone was as big as a brick. In fact, the NAFTA negotiations began a year be-fore the first Web site was set up. Today, Internet commerce is at the heart of our economy. If we want to ce-ment America’s leadership in the dig-ital economy, this is our chance to vote for trade policies that will protect a free and open Internet. 
Now, I wish to mention again, apro-
pos of how different this is, that I have felt for some time that critics of past trade policy have been spot on with re-spect to a lot of this secrecy which is just gratuitous. If we believe deeply in trade, as Chairman H
ATCH and I do, and 
want more of it, why should we have all this unnecessary secrecy which just makes people cynical about trade? 
So we have brought sunshine to this 
trade debate in a way that is unprece-dented. For the first time, before the President can sign a deal, the full text has to be released to the public for 60 days. Before we can have votes in the other body and in the Senate, there will be no fewer than 4 months where people can open a proposed trade deal and read it for themselves. 
So picture that: For 4 months, the 
American people will have in their hands—starting with the TPP—what the trade agreement is all about. That is simply unprecedented. 
I wish to close the question of how 
we are going to proceed from here. This has obviously been a complicated piece of legislation. I appreciate the Senate 
and House leaders have committed to moving trade adjustment assistance alongside trade promotion authority as well as a proposal that originated with Senator B
ROWN to strengthen our criti-
cally important trade enforcement laws. While the goal of enacting trade policies is a tool to give all Americans a chance to get ahead, trade adjust-ment assistance is an absolute must- pass bill, and I am confident it is going to get through Congress to the Presi-dent’s desk. That bill includes the vi-tally important program also that cre-ates new opportunities for impover-ished nations in Africa. 
The Customs enforcement bill is also 
moving forward on a bipartisan basis, and there is important work there to be done. The Senate must resolve dif-ferences in the enforcement bill with the other body. I wish to make it clear this morning that I expect that con-ference to respect Democratic prior-ities. My Democratic colleagues and I will be laying down markers on several of our top priorities. I discussed those priorities with Chairman R
YAN last 
night. Those priorities include provi-sions in the Senate bill championed by Senator S
HAHEEN to help our small 
businesses, provisions authored by Sen-ator B
ENNET to address enforcement 
environmental laws, and Senator C ANT-
WELL ’s important trade enforcement 
trust fund. 
In my view, the Congress has an op-
portunity in this legislation to show it can work in a bipartisan way to take on one of the premier economic chal-lenges of our time. Our job is to get past the policies of the 1990s and move toward getting trade done right. 
Colleagues, let’s pry open foreign 
markets and send more of our exports abroad. Let’s fight for the American brand and the Oregon brand against the trade chiefs and the bad actors who are blocking our way, and let’s raise the bar for American values and open our trade policies to sunlight. 
I urge all in the Senate to vote yes 
on cloture today and to support this package as it advances this week. In ef-fect, we get three important bills done this week and set in motion. 
I yield the floor. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I rise to 
oppose the motion to invoke cloture on TPA, the so-called fast-track legisla-tion. I am still incredulous, as I have watched this trade nondebate, if you will, at the speed at which, time after time, the majority leader has tried to 
shut down debate. It has happened again and again, and that is com-pounded by the secrecy of this whole process. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JN6.008 S23JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4527 June 23, 2015 
I can’t count the number of times in 
my State of Ohio and in meetings in Washington, with people from all over the country, that people have said we have little or no access to the Trans- Pacific Partnership. TPA, in the past— fast-track—has actually been sort of a rule book for how we should negotiate trade agreements and, at the same time, has been a direction on how to negotiate these trade agreements and a rule book on how it is presented on the Senate floor. Yet none of the Trans-Pa-cific Partnership negotiations by Am-bassador Froman have been informed at all by a TPA because we haven’t had a TPA yet. We haven’t even had an in-struction booklet in the past. At the 
same time, we have gotten the worst of both worlds because we are voting on TPA, and we really haven’t been able to see what is in TPP. I know sup-porters of TPP will say we are going to have 60 days now, but Members are casting their votes now—where 60 votes are required and they have maximum leverage—to put no final point on it, just giving up the leverage they have as we are still kept in the dark on what is happening. 
Let me give one example before I get 
to where I think we are making a mis-take by moving so quickly today, in es-sence, fast-tracking fast-track. 
One example, my office and I person-
ally have repeatedly spoken to the President of the United States and the U.S. Trade Representative, Ambas-sador Froman, repeatedly asking them to fix some of the language on tobacco. Because one of the things that appar-ently—we really don’t know for sure— the Trans-Pacific Partnership does is it gives even more power to American to-bacco companies—more power to American tobacco companies to have influence over laws in particularly small countries which don’t have the wherewithal and can’t afford the huge legal bills a large tobacco company can afford to write public health law. 
If a small country wants to write a 
law to protect their children from mar-keting of tobacco products—which is what we have done in this country—the U.S. tobacco company or British to-bacco company can—let’s keep it here. The U.S. tobacco company can threat-en a lawsuit against those countries, and those countries are probably going to back off because they probably can’t afford to go to court with the big American tobacco company. Even something as clearly violative of the public interest and of public health as what damage Big Tobacco inflicts on children has not, to our knowledge, been addressed. Again, so much of this is secretive that we don’t even know that. 
That is why there is anger in this 
country and why there is—so many people in this country tell me, so many in my State: Why are you moving so fast? Why is this coming up right now? Why don’t we know more about this whole process? 
Yet again, the majority leader is 
shutting down debate. He will be joined, I assume, by a small number, a 
distinct, small number of minority Democrats, getting up over the 60-vote margin so they can shut down debate, so they can move the TPA—the fast- track—forward, so they can get the Trans-Pacific Partnership down the road. 
No matter which side of the TPP de-
bate, no matter which side of the trade promotion authority, TPA, fast- track—no matter which side you are on, it is clear that our trade policy cre-ates winners and losers. It is clear. Even the most vigorous cheerleaders for free trade—the Wall Street Journal editorial board, for instance—even the strongest free-traders, even though people who reflectively support these free-trade agreements acknowledge there are winners and losers. 
They will argue that these trade 
agreements create more jobs than they lose. I don’t agree with that. They argue that. Put that aside. But they also acknowledge that people lose jobs because of decisions we make. 
We are about to pass fast-track here. 
We are about to pass trade promotion authority, leading probably to the Trans-Pacific Partnership having a reasonable chance of passage. We are about to do that. We are making that decision here. Members of Congress, people who are well paid, with govern-ment-financed retirements and health care—we are about to make those deci-sions, and we know—we are knowingly making that decision, acknowledging that some people will lose their jobs because of a decision we make, but we are not going to take care of those workers. We are going to pass today the TPA, the trade promotion author-ity, fast-track. We are going to pass that and ignore those workers. How shameful is that that we know the de-cisions we are making in this body—we are making the decisions, the Presi-dent of the United States makes this decision, the House of Representatives has made this decision, the Senate is about to make this decision, we are making this decision, knowing people will lose their jobs because of our ac-tions. Yet we are unwilling to provide for those workers who lose their jobs. 
Let me give a little history, a special 
message to Congress. In January of 1962, President Kennedy said: 
When considerations of national policy 
make it desirable to avoid higher tariffs, those injured by that competition should not be required to bear the full brunt of the im-pact. Rather, the burden of economic adjust-ment should be borne in part by the Federal Government. 
That is President Kennedy at the ad-
vent, at the beginning, at the creation of the trade adjustment assistance, the support for workers who lose their jobs because of—again, I repeat—decisions we make in this body, in the House of Representatives, in the White House. We make decisions on trade. We know people will lose their jobs. We should help them. It should be our moral re-sponsibility to help them. Senator Vance Hartke of Indiana 
said: ‘‘No small group of firms and workers should be made to bear the full burden of the costs of a program whose great benefits enrich the Nation as a whole.’’ 
This is as true today as it was 53 
years ago. It is not a Democratic idea. It is not a Republican idea. Everyone from the Cato Institute—a libertarian- oriented think tank in Washington, a bunch of well-paid scholars who make pronouncements from on high about various kinds of public policy issues— to the Wall Street Journal—a similar body but one with greater ability to disseminate information—even those two venerable institutions admit the trade agreements do not create winners everywhere. 
A Cato Institute trade briefing says, 
‘‘All of those job losses are a painful but necessary part of the larger process of innovation and productivity in-creases.’’ 
I am always a bit amused when peo-
ple who—again, well-educated, good pay, dress like this, good benefits, good retirement, good health care—make pronunciations saying: Well, job losses are painful—not to us, of course. The same as editorial writers who make these decisions, these pronouncements on trade, they are not losing their jobs. People in my State are losing jobs on these fair trade agreements. We are going to inflict this pain. As the Cato Institute and the Wall Street Journal say, by the decisions we make, we are going to inflict pain on these workers. People are going to lose jobs in my town of Mansfield, OH. People are going to lose jobs where I grew up. Peo-ple are going to lose jobs in Cleveland where I live now. People are going to lose jobs in Zanesville and Newark be-cause of decisions we make today on fast-track, because of decisions we will make next year on the Trans-Pacific Partnership. People are going to lose their jobs, but we are going to vote today to cut off debate, and we are going to forget, at least temporarily, about helping those workers who lose jobs because of decisions we make. How immoral is that? How shameful is that? What a betrayal we are inflicting on those workers if we make this decision today. 
Former Wall Street Journal econom-
ics editor David Wessel writes, ‘‘Even [free trade’s] most fervent admirers concede trade creates winners and los-ers.’’ 
I will debate until the cows come 
home the net benefits of these trade agreements. I think they are net job loss. But even if you believe these trade agreements are net job-gainers— I don’t think there is a lot of evidence of that—but even if you believe that, we know people lose their jobs because of decisions we make. That is why Re-publicans in the past have supported trade adjustment assistance in prin-ciple and in policy going back decades. 
Fifteen years ago, President George 
W. Bush said, ‘‘I recognize that some 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JN6.010 S23JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4528 June 23, 2015 
American workers may face adjust-
ment challenges’’—that means they get thrown out of work. It is a nice way a President might talk about people he has left behind. Put that aside. ‘‘I rec-ognize that some American workers may face adjustment challenges as a result of trade.’’ 
At least to President Bush’s credit— 
I wish his words would be followed today on this floor by the majority leader, by Republican Leader M
CCON-
NELL as he cuts off debate and leaves 
behind trade adjustment assistance. President Bush said, ‘‘I support helping these workers by reauthorizing and im-proving trade adjustment assistance programs that will give workers im-pacted by trade new skills, help them find new jobs quickly, and provide them with financial assistance.’’ 
I can give lots of stories about people 
I know in Youngstown, Lima, Dayton, Hamilton, and people in Portsmouth who lost their jobs because of trade, but at least they have gotten a helping hand from a government that used to have their backs and believe in them— at least until today—from a govern-ment that actually will extend that hand and help them retrain. Maybe they can become a nurse, maybe they can work in information technology, maybe they can become a radiology technologist at the local hospital. 
Earlier this year, my colleague J
OHN 
CORNYN —Republican from Texas, the 
senior Senator and assistant Repub-lican leader—told reporters that ‘‘there is no doubt that the benefits of more trade do not fall uniformly. There are some segments of the economy that don’t prosper as well.’’ 
We know that. We have seen that ac-
knowledgement across the board. Yet today Leader M
CCONNELL is going to 
cut off debate, even though decisions we have made have cost people their jobs. That is why we have a moral obli-gation. It is not a new idea. It is not a partisan idea. It is universally accept-ed. Trade deals don’t benefit every-body. That is why this moral obliga-tion to include trade adjustment as-sistance in any package with TPA is so important. 
We can’t send a framework for a new 
trade deal to the President’s desk with-out assistance for the workers who will be left behind, but that is not what we are doing today. Today, it is full-speed ahead, cut off debate, move ahead on fast-track, move ahead on trade pro-motion authority. 
I assume a number of my Democratic 
colleagues are going along with it. I hope the wrath of people in this coun-try—if the House and Senate refuse to do what some of their leaders say they will, that they will pass trade adjust-ment assistance, that they will take care of those workers—if they don’t live up to that promise—and many times in the past they haven’t lived up to similar promises—a lot of my col-leagues are going to go home and face people who say: Wait. You made a deci-sion. I got thrown out of a job because of a decision you made, because of a de-
cision you made as a House Member, because of a decision you made as a Senator, because of a decision you made, Mr. President. I was thrown out of work, and you passed on June 23—or whatever today is—fast-track without taking care of me, even though it was your decision that I lose my job. 
What kind of government—what kind 
of principles do we live under here? 
In March, conservative columnist 
Charles Krauthammer wrote in Na-tional Review Online: 
To be sure, any trade deal, while a net plus 
overall, produces winners and losers. But the TPP will be accompanied by so-called Trade Adjustment Assistance, training and sub-sidies to help those negatively affected. 
Again, Krauthammer, as he is about 
95 percent of the time, is wrong. He is wrong that it is going be accompanied by the trade adjustment assistance. The assumption all along, even among TPP proponents, has been that TPA would be passed in tandem with aid for workers. But you know, even though that is what we did first here, Repub-licans in the House of Representatives are unwilling to vote for them to-gether. They are just not going to vote. Speaker B
OEHNER , for some reason, ac-
quiesced to the President of the United States, pulled them apart, and had sep-arate votes. Think about the message we will send. If we put another huge trade deal—parenthetically, once-ma-jority leader, Republican leader Trent Lott said: You can’t pass a trade agree-ment in an even-numbered year. Do you know why he said that? He said that because people don’t like trade deals in this country. People know NAFTA sold them out. They know CAFTA sold them out. They know PNTR with China sold them out. They know Korea sold them out. We heard these promises over and over. 
With NAFTA, we were promised 
200,000 jobs in 2 years. Thank you, President Bush 1, and thank you, Presi-dent Clinton, for that. We lost 680,000 net jobs. Central America Free Trade Agreement—thank you, President Bush 2, for that. Promises were made, big promises about job increases, big prom-ises about wages going up. It didn’t happen. Wages stayed flat. Jobs were lost. Thank you, President Bush 2, for that. 
Korea, South Korea Free Trade 
Agreement, negotiated in part by President Bush, pushed through the Senate by President Obama—thank you, Mr. Presidents of both parties, for that. They told us 70,000 jobs would be created out of the South Korea Free Trade Agreement. No, we have lost 75,000 jobs. 
Using the same formula that we 
have—we have seen this over and over. We know what happens. The Bureau of Labor Statistics reported that between 2009 and 2012, two-thirds of displaced manufacturing workers who did find new jobs ended up taking lower paying jobs. Most of those workers saw wage losses of more than 20 percent. You can debate whether the gains 
others experienced make these losses worth it. I don’t think they do. I think if you have traveled darned near any-where—if Members of Congress spent a little more time with people who can’t contribute to them, with people who don’t belong to a local rotary club, with people who might just work hard, play by the rules, not make a lot of money, barely make it, sometimes have their house foreclosed on, some-times lose their job—if we would spend a little more time with people like that, I think we would see how these trade agreements are working. 
There is a debate to be had. I will 
cede it is debatable, whether these trade agreements—whether the evi-dence is that they create jobs or lose jobs. I think it is pretty clear they lose jobs. But there is no debate. There is no debate on what actually happens here. Because of decisions—I will re-peat—before this vote coming up in about 60 seconds, because of decisions we make in this body—the President makes, Senators make, Congress men and women make—because of decisions we make in this body, people in our States, whether it is Arkansas or Ari-zona, Oregon, Utah or my State of Ohio, people lose jobs because of deci-sions we make. There is no question people lose jobs because of decisions we make. Anything short of providing for those workers who lose their jobs today, not doing this on a promise—we are basically trusting the majority leader who doesn’t really like, I under-stand, the Trade Adjustment Assist-ance Program. We are relying on the word of Speaker B
OEHNER , who doesn’t 
particularly like trade adjustment as-sistance. We know most of the Mem-bers of his party in the House of Rep-resentatives do not particularly like trade adjustment assistance. We are going to rely on their promise. 
We are voting today on the fly. We 
are saying to workers in this country: Yes, we have made decisions that may have cost you your job. We are going to try to help you when you lose that job, but we are still going to go ahead today and do that. That is why I asked my colleagues to vote no on this mo-tion today to invoke cloture on trade promotion authority. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant 
to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JN6.012 S23JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4529 June 23, 2015 
Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby 
move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 2146, an act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow Federal law enforcement officers, firefighters, and air traffic controllers to make penalty-free withdrawals from govern-mental plans after age 50, and for other pur-poses. 
Mitch McConnell, Johnny Isakson, David 
Perdue, Chuck Grassley, Thom Tillis, Marco Rubio, Daniel Coats, John Cor-nyn, Michael B. Enzi, Kelly Ayotte, Orrin G. Hatch, Roger F. Wicker, Deb Fischer, Rob Portman, Cory Gardner, Richard Burr, Roy Blunt. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on the motion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 2146 shall be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ) and the 
Senator from Utah (Mr. L EE). 
Further, if present and voting, the 
Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C ORKER ) 
would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ) is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 60, 
nays 37, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 218 Leg.] 
YEAS—60 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Cantwell Capito Carper Cassidy Coats Cochran Coons Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Enzi Ernst Feinstein 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kirk Lankford McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski 
Murray Nelson Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shaheen Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Warner Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—37 
Baldwin Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cardin Casey Collins Cruz Donnelly Durbin Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Hirono King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey Merkley Mikulski Murphy Paul Peters Reed Reid 
Sanders Schatz Schumer Sessions Shelby Stabenow Tester Udall Warren Whitehouse 
NOT VOTING—3 
Corker Lee Menendez 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 60, the nays are 37. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. 
VOTE EXPLANATION  
∑Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I 
was necessarily absent for rollcall vote No. 218, the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 2146, trade promotion author-ity. Had I been present, I would have voted nay. ∑ 
f 
DEFENDING PUBLIC SAFETY 
EMPLOYEES’ RETIREMENT ACT 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
House message to accompany H.R. 2146, an 
act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow Federal law enforcement offi-cers, firefighters, and air traffic controllers to make penalty-free withdrawals from gov-ernmental plans after age 50, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
McConnell motion to concur in the amend-
ment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill. 
McConnell motion to concur in the amend-
ment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with amendment No. 2060 (to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill), to change the enact-ment date. 
McConnell amendment No. 2061 (to amend-
ment No. 2060), of a perfecting nature. 
McConnell motion to refer the bill to the 
Committee on Finance, with instructions, McConnell amendment No. 2062, to change the enactment date. 
McConnell amendment No. 2063 (to (the in-
structions) amendment No. 2062), of a per-fecting nature. 
McConnell amendment No. 2064 (to amend-
ment No. 2063), of a perfecting nature. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Cloture 
having been invoked, the motion to refer falls. 
The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
would just like to announce that Sen-ator C
ORKER was inadvertently de-
tained in getting to the floor of the Senate. Had he been here, he would have voted yea on the cloture motion. 
Mr. President, I also just want to say 
to our colleagues that this is a very important day for our country. We have demonstrated we can work to-gether on a bipartisan basis to achieve something that is extremely important for America. Not only when we confirm this trade promotion authority will we have the mechanism in place for the President to finalize an extraordinarily important deal with a number of dif-ferent Asian countries, but it will indi-cate that America is back in the trade business. It will also send a message to our allies that we understand that they are somewhat wary about Chinese com-mercial and potentially military domi-nation and that we intend to still be deeply involved in the Pacific. 
So I want to congratulate Senator 
H
ATCH and Senator W YDEN . This has 
been a long and rather twisted path to where we are today, but it is a very im-portant accomplishment for the coun-
try. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I would 
like to mention that as to the other two absences, Senator M
ENENDEZ had 
voted no on cloture before, and Senator L
EEhad voted no on cloture before. So 
the vote would have been 61 to 39. 
More importantly, this is a day of 
celebration in the corporate suites of this country, to be sure, because they have another corporate-sponsored trade agreement that will mean more money in some investors’ pockets. It will mean more plant closings in Ohio, Arizona, Delaware, Rhode Island, West Virginia, Maine, and all over this coun-try. 
Most importantly, what I didn’t un-
derstand about the vote today is that even though the Wall Street Journal, the CATO Institute, and others ac-knowledge that, as to the decisions we make here on trade agreements—while they say it is a net increase in jobs— people lose their jobs because of the de-cisions we make. So we make decisions here today that throw people out of work. We know that. Across the polit-ical spectrum that is acknowledged. But we today don’t do anything to help those workers that lose their jobs. We make a decision to throw people in Mansfield, OH, and Cleveland, OH, out of work, but then we don’t take care of those workers that lost their jobs be-cause of our decisions. It is shameful. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, let me 
just concur with the Senator from Ohio. This trade agreement was sup-ported by virtually every major cor-poration in this country, the vast ma-jority of whom have outsourced mil-lions of jobs to low-wage countries all over the world. This trade agreement is supported by Wall Street. This trade agreement is supported by the pharma-ceutical industry, which wants to charge people in poor countries higher prices for the medicine they des-perately need. 
This agreement was opposed by every 
union in this country, working for the best interests of working families, and by almost every environmental group and many religious groups. 
In my view, this trade agreement will 
continue the policies of NAFTA, CAFTA, and Permanent Normal Trade Relations with China—agreements that have cost us millions of decent-paying jobs. 
We need a new trade policy in Amer-
ica—a policy that represents working families and not just the big money in-terests. 
I strongly disagree with the majority 
leader, who called this a great day for America. It is not a great day. It is a great day for the Big Money interests, not a great day for working families. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority whip. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JN6.015 S23JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4530 June 23, 2015 
ORDER FOR RECESS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate re-cess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. today for the weekly conference meet-ings, as well as from 4 p.m. to 5 p.m. today for an all-Senators briefing, and that all time in recess count postcloture. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, it is no 
secret that Republicans on this side of the aisle don’t agree with President Obama about everything. In fact, I would say that on balance most Repub-licans disagree with the policy choices made by this President. But occasion-ally—occasionally—even the leader of the Democratic Party, the President of the United States, gets things right. 
Occasionally, the President of the 
United States gets his policy choices right, and he did so with regard to trade promotion authority. 
I would point out to our friends and 
to anybody listening that this actually is a 6-year trade promotion authority. This extends well beyond the tenure of the current occupant of the White House, and it will be available for the next President of the United States to negotiate trade deals that are in the best interests of the United States. 
So I agree with the majority leader. 
This latest vote is just another exam-ple of the Senate getting back to work and restored to regular working order. This is a dramatic departure from the old Senate, because there has actually been a lot of time for consideration of important pieces of legislation—from the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act to the Justice for Victims of Human Trafficking Act to the budget. 
By moving this trade promotion au-
thority bill forward, we can ensure that American workers and businesses can get the best deal in trade agree-ments with countries from Asia to South America to Europe. 
I believe we have actually kept the 
campaign promises we made last year that, if the American people entrusted the Republicans with the new major-ity, we would work together with our allies where we could on the other side of the aisle where we have common cause to deliver results for the Amer-ican people, to legislate in their best interest—not just to obstruct for ob-struction’s sake or gain some tem-porary tactical or political advantage but to promote a functioning, delibera-tive Senate. I see one of the leaders of this effort, the Senator from Delaware, who has done great work trying to find that common cause and producing a re-sult, as exemplified by the TPA. I am going to yield for him in just a mo-ment. 
But let me just talk briefly about my 
response to the Senator from Vermont and the Senator from Ohio, who said there is nothing good to be had out of this trade promotion authority or any potential trade deals that we might ne-gotiate. My home State of Texas relies heav-
ily on international trade. We are the number one trading State in the Na-tion, which is just one reason why our economy grew at the rate of 5.2 percent in 2014. Our economy in Texas grew at the rate of 5.2 percent in 2014. Do you know the rate at which the U.S. econ-omy grew? The U.S. economy grew at just 2.2 percent. So why wouldn’t we want to do anything and everything we can to stimulate the growth of the economy to benefit people looking for work and people looking for higher wages? This important trade pro-motion authority is the first step to doing that. 
I will conclude because the distin-
guished Senator from Delaware is here and others who want to speak. 
Trade is an engine of growth. It 
keeps our economy growing. These up-coming trade agreements, whether it is the Trans-Pacific Partnership or the transatlantic investment treaty, serve as a great opportunity to turbo-charge that growth. 
Our economy actually contracted 
last quarter by 0.7 percent. As long as our economy is shrinking and not growing, we are not going to be able to create the jobs to put America back to work. We are not going to be able to create the sorts of wages that we want for all working Americans. This legis-lation represents an important step in that direction. I am glad that in the exercise of a little mutual trust and comity, we have reached this impor-tant point. 
We are not through yet because there 
are other parts of this trade package that we are going to need to process this week. But the promise and com-mitment we made on this side of the aisle was that if our colleagues across the aisle trust us to move through the trade promotion authority bill, we will continue to work with them and keep our commitments to them, and, hope-fully, more than just the trust that produces these pieces of legislation will result from this increased confidence and trust in one another. 
We know we are going to find meas-
ures we will disagree on, and we will 
fight like cats and dogs when we need to. But when we actually agree on the policy and can find it within ourselves to work together, the American people are the beneficiaries. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware. 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, while 
the Senator from Texas is still on the floor, let me say, if I could—he men-tioned the word ‘‘trust’’ a number of times. It is an important word in Con-gress. One of my favorite sayings is ‘‘Integrity—if you have it, nothing else matters. Integrity—if you don’t have it, nothing else matters.’’ The same is true for trust. 
In order to get things done here— 
there is a lot we need to get done. Ev-erybody realizes that. 
My takeaway from the election last 
November was threefold: No. 1, people want us to work together; No. 2, they 
want us to get stuff done; and No. 3, they want us to get things done that will actually strengthen the economic recovery. 
One of the ways to strengthen the 
economic recovery, frankly, is to make sure that those markets overseas will actually allow us to sell into them, whether it is products or goods or serv-ices, that we have access to those mar-kets. 
The other thing is that my colleague 
from Texas is as big believer, as am I, in the Golden Rule, and that is to treat people the way we want to be treated. And I think most of the people in this country support what we are doing. Most of the Democrats in our country support what their President has pro-posed, and the Republicans as well. 
But what we need to do while we 
move forward with trade promotion au-thority is we need to keep in mind that not everybody will be helped by this and that there are some people who will to be disadvantaged, and we have an obligation to them to treat them how we would want to be treated if we were in their shoes. 
There is a sister piece of legislature 
to go along with trade promotion au-thority, and I would ask the Repub-lican whip from Texas to give us some assurance or reassurance so we build trust around this issue. When we are contacted by folks from around the country today, tomorrow, or the next day, what are we going to do to provide assistance to those people who may be disadvantaged because of trade pro-motion authority and the trade deal that is going to be negotiated? Can you give us some assurance there? Is this like the end of the road or are there some more pieces to follow this week? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority whip. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I would 
respond to the question by our col-league from Delaware that assurances have been given that we understand that the trade promotion authority and the trade adjustment assistance travel together. 
I think we have seen examples where 
the benefits of trade are not uniformly felt across the country. There are some people who will be displaced. But the importance of trade adjustment assist-ance—I wish we could negotiate some-thing a little more frugal that would actually get the job done. But a nego-tiation took place between Chairman R
YAN in the House and the ranking 
member, Senator W YDEN , in the Senate 
on this important piece of the package. 
We all recognize that these travel in 
pairs and that trade adjustment assist-ance is part of the price you pay for getting trade promotion authority done. But most importantly to my col-league’s point from Delaware, for those people who are displaced, this guaran-tees that they will have access to the sort of job training and skills enhance-ment that they will need in order to get even better jobs in this economy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JN6.018 S23JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4531 June 23, 2015 
that, on net, will benefit the entire 
country. That is the intent on this side of the aisle and I think the intent of trade adjustment authority and mak-ing sure that we finish our work—not here today but through the rest of the week—on this important package of pieces of legislation. 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I thank 
the Republican whip for those words and for his work on this. I would just close with this thought: Whenever I talk to people who have been married a long time—like 50, 60, 70 years—I al-ways ask them, what is the secret to being married a long time? I get some very funny answers, and I get some very poignant ones as well. The best answer I have ever heard to that ques-tion, what is the secret to being mar-ried 50, 60, or 70 years, is the two c’s— not ‘‘Cornyn’’ and ‘‘Carper’’ but ‘‘com-municate’’ and ‘‘compromise.’’ I would add maybe a third to that, and that is ‘‘collaborate.’’ 
We need to demonstrate the ability 
to communicate and to compromise and to collaborate. And those aren’t al-ways the secret to a vibrant marriage, but they are the secret to a vibrant de-mocracy. 
This is a confidence-building meas-
ure. I think we have taken an impor-tant step here, working with Demo-crats and Republicans and working with a Democratic President, and the next step is one we have just talked about, trade adjustment assistance. We need to do that. If we can actually work through these issues this week and produce a bipartisan product that the President is going to sign, we will actually build some trust. And when we turn to the issue of transportation and having a robust, vibrant transpor-tation system and how to fund that, how to pay for that, what to do, this will be helpful. 
So my applause to Senator R
ON 
WYDEN , Senator M URRAY on our side, 
Senator H ATCH , the leader on the Re-
publican side, and to Senator C ORNYN  
for good work—not done but a very good start today. 
I yield back the remainder of my 
time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia. 
Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I have 
the utmost respect for my colleagues, and I think they make compelling ar-guments. I just have a hard time. I really have a hard time, with this. I have not had one West Virginian—aver-age, working West Virginian—who had a good job at one time and lost a job who thinks this type of approach to trade is good. Not one. And I am hear-ing them talking about how much trade we do from our States. I would like to know what type of trade. Manu-factured products? I don’t see many manufactured products leaving this country. I see an awful lot of resources, such as oil that has been refined into diesel fuel or gasoline. It probably comes from Texas, I would say. I think that is probably a big part of their trading, and those types of things. But 
how many people actually benefit from that who really have a good manufac-turing job? That is all I have asked. 
We talked about TAA. We are all 
hung up on TAA. Do you know why we are hung up? Because we all under-stand we are going to lose more jobs. We have already lost 6 million jobs since NAFTA. We have all lost 6 mil-lion jobs across this country. I lost 31,000 manufacturing jobs. 
I understand NAFTA hasn’t been en-
forced, and they had some rules in there. And then you take this piece of legislation, TPA—there was more secu-rity around this piece of legislation than there was around the Iran nuclear deal we were talking about. My staff could go there, they could take notes, we were briefed, and we were able to ask questions. We couldn’t even take a note or take a note out. 
They are telling me: Well, you know, 
we all depend on trade and the market shrinking. We are at $18 trillion GDP. Think about this. We in the United States of America have the greatest economy the world has ever seen—$18 trillion. Do you know that of all these 11 countries we are talking about, the closest one to us is Japan—$4.5 trillion. It falls off the Richter scale. But yet we have to be very secretive because somebody might leave us. 
Well, let me tell you, I have been a 
businessperson all of my life. If I want-ed to get into a market, I will assure you, I would be able to evaluate my competition, the people with whom I want to do business. If that was the big person on the block, I had to make more adjustments than they had to make. But yet we are so concerned about the secrecy of this deal that none of us are able to see it, work it, define it, dissect it, and improve upon it. Now we are just voting basically carte blanche and saying: OK, sure, you are going to get a 60-day review. You can’t do a thing about it if you don’t like it. 
I didn’t think we were elected to do 
that. I really didn’t. 
When you start looking at every-
thing this stands for and you look at basically—and my father—my grand-father had a grocery store and my dad had a little furniture store, so I was raised in retail. One thing my dad al-ways encouraged was competition. He enjoyed having it. He said: J
OE, listen, 
good competition brings out more buy-ers. More buyers gives us more of a chance to sell our goods. 
What he never did like and what he 
thought was unfair was when you had unfair competition—didn’t pay their taxes, didn’t live by the rules or play by the rules. And if we didn’t enforce those, it gave them an unfair competi-tive advantage. 
If you believe our past performance 
in our trade deals makes us an expert at enforcing and making sure people play by the rules so that America is treated right, then you probably would have voted for this. I don’t. I can only judge off of our past performance, 
where we are today. 
When you go shopping for whatever 
types of goods—household goods, cloth-ing goods, furniture—the greatest fur-niture markets in the world were in the United States. We make very little furniture in this country today. They still want our wood products, so you know what, yes, we ship logs out of West Virginia around the world so peo-ple can make the furniture that they want to send back to America. So I guess they say: Oh, yes, that is good trade. The only reason they are buying our logs is because they don’t have the quality logs we have. They don’t have the quality hardwood forests. 
The best coal in the world, the best 
metallurgical coal—coking—that makes the steel, the best in the world comes out of West Virginia. Sure they are going to buy it because they don’t have it. They are going to make their products and send them back to us and come into these markets subsidized. 
I would just say sooner or later we 
ought to do something for America. You have to rebuild this country, and you don’t build the wealth of a country based on basically moving paper back and forth. Moving paper back and forth—there are some people, with the wealth they accrue from this, I am sure they are very satisfied and happy with that. And we see the income inequality over the last 20 years. We have never seen this big of a spread. Never. 
You see the flatline of workers all 
over America, just as flatline as can be. I don’t know how we can look them in the eye and say we have done the best because now we have opened up 11 new countries. 
Vietnam—58 cents an hour is what 
they are going to pay their workers. And we said: Whoa, whoa, NAFTA is going to be basically bringing the whole North American trade up to par. Twenty-two years later, I understand that Mexico’s minimum wage is still under $1 an hour, around 80 cents. 
You think a person who makes 58 
cents an hour or 80 cents an hour or $1.50 an hour—7 out of 11 countries make less than $2—that those people will have disposable income to buy the products we would like to sell so that we can expand our economy and our jobs? I am sorry, I don’t think that is going to happen. I really don’t. It doesn’t make any sense to me at all how we expect a person who can barely survive to have disposable income to buy products that we in the United States of America wish to sell to really lift our manufacturing base. But I guess that is why we have TAA that we are arguing about because we know we have given that up. We just about wrote that off 22 years ago, so I guess we are going to write the rest of it off now. 
Technology is great. I am all for in-
novation, creation, technology. I am for every bit of that. But sooner or later, you have to make something, you have to build something, you have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JN6.019 S23JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4532 June 23, 2015 
to reinvest, and there have to be people 
making these products, being able to support their families and to have a benefit package that gives them a de-cent life. 
When I was growing up in little 
Farmington, WV, we had manufac-turing, mining. We had people who could go to work, work hard, make a living, take their family on vacation, pay the bills. And we let all of that slip away from us. I am not saying they will be the jobs of the past, but we could have the jobs of the future— steel, manufacturing. 
So I am not willing to give up on 
this. You don’t find me chastising my colleagues on the Republican side or my colleagues on the Democratic side. I think we are all here for the right reason. Sometimes we get a little bit off track, and I think this is one time we have gotten off track. Something that would really help the United States of America, working families all over this country, we have kind of for-gotten about, and I am concerned about that. 
I am concerned about going home to 
my beautiful State of West Virginia and telling the people: I am sorry, we are going to have a harder time com-peting with some of these countries be-cause there is just no way. 
We have opened up our borders. We 
have let international trade, an inter-national manufacturing base go wher-ever they get the best deal. And I guar-antee you that in every developing country, they are not going to be as tough as we are on human rights and on the environmental quality they should be aspiring to. They are not going to be tough on those things. They are trying to build an economy. They are trying to build, basically, a nation, bring it up. And they are going to be a little bit lax on these things. That is unfair competition, which my dad always warned me against. 
When we talk about European trade, 
I am not worried about European trade because they are basically on the same level playing field that we are. But when you are trying to build up a coun-try, should you sacrifice and tear down your country? Should you give away everything you have worked hard for and built? 
I want to help these countries. I have 
not a bit of problem helping these countries. I am not an isolationist. But I basically would have put something in there that would have protected our manufacturing base. I would have put something in that said that when we fell below certain jobs in manufac-turing, it stops. You don’t give it all away. It is hard to regain that and re-capture it. 
I am sure Wall Street is very happy 
today. I have a lot of friends who work on Wall Street. There are a lot of good people who work on Wall Street, but there are a lot of people who basically are just driven by the almighty dollar. They are not driven by Main Street. They are not worried about West Vir-ginia. They are not worried about my 
little town of Farmington or any part of my State. And they are going to be very happy. They are not worried about 99 percent of the people who are still on Main Street trying to survive. 
We talked about the Export-Import 
Bank. They said: Trust us; we are going to get a vote on Export-Import Bank. Maybe we will sometime. I would hope that comes to fruition. That helped a lot of small businesses. We haven’t got-ten that vote yet. So you would have thought there would have been a pri-ority to get a vote on that. It has done an awful lot to get us in the market so we can compete on a more level play-ing field. That hasn’t happened. 
But here we go again. We are going 
to have some votes tomorrow, and the votes tomorrow are going to be based on the TAA because the House couldn’t pass TPA fast-track with TAA in it. It is basically what we are dealing with. So they think we can do a backdoor. What makes you think TAA would be acceptable in any way, shape, or form in the House? What makes you think now, since we have carved this out— but we were promised a vote here on the TAA, which we know we are going to need—it is going to make it more acceptable on the House side when they made them take TAA out and couldn’t pass TAA in the TPA bill? Doesn’t make any sense to me. 
So I think it is a sad day today. I 
really do. And I am concerned. I am concerned about our country. I am con-cerned about my hard-working people in West Virginia—and I know you are— and all the other States we have. These are good people. They deserve an op-portunity. They deserve fair trade. They really deserve a fair trading country, people who will trade hon-estly with us and who have a quality or standard that they have to live up to in order to get into our markets. I don’t think we should sacrifice our markets basically just to build them up. I think we should assist them, but they are going to have to find their own mar-kets to the point where we don’t sac-rifice. 
So I think this could be a troubling 
thing. I am hoping it is not, but it could be. I have concerns. And I have said that if I can’t explain it back home, I can’t vote for it. And this is one I could not explain back home. I could not make the people feel com-fortable that this is really going to im-prove quality of life and opportunities for them and their families. I couldn’t do it because I don’t see it. I don’t be-lieve in it. And I said I wouldn’t vote for it, and I didn’t. 
With that, Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
RUZ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I just 
want to say a few things about the vote we just took on cloture to proceed with TPA. 
The Senator who just spoke talked 
about some of the problems with the deal and the dislocations that happen when we have trade. We all recognize there are dislocations. There are dis-locations whenever an economy adjusts and moves ahead with or without trade. But trade overall is necessary. It is good. Free trade is good. 
Ninety-five percent of the world’s 
consumers live outside our boundaries. Seventy percent of the world’s eco-nomic output happens outside of our boundaries. We need to trade. We can’t just say: Well, we are just going to live within ourselves here, have an econ-omy that doesn’t reach out or pull in. We benefit. We benefit from better services and cheaper goods when we trade. Our manufacturers benefit when we are able to export our products. 
It was said before that we haven’t 
seen any good outcomes after NAFTA. We have. It is rewriting history to say that we haven’t seen good outcomes as a result of NAFTA. I think the last speaker said Mexico has not improved since NAFTA. It has. I can tell you, as a representative of a State that borders with Mexico, the economy is consider-ably bigger and better. Arizona is one of our biggest trading partners. It has improved since NAFTA. 
These trade agreements work. We 
haven’t had a trade agreement nego-tiated without the TPA process—with the exception of one—I think in over 30 years. That one was a deal I believe with Jordan, and it had far more to do with defense than commerce. 
So we need to have TPA—this proc-
ess—in order to negotiate these trade agreements. The vast majority of our trade—I believe it is close to 90 percent of our trade—is with countries with which we have free-trade agreements. 
So I applaud those who have worked 
so hard to bring this to pass here—Sen-ators H
ATCH and W YDEN and others— 
and the compromises that took place. I am not a particular fan of trade adjust-ment assistance. When economies move forward, there are dislocations. We can’t account for all of them. In fact, we have seen some of the prob-lems with previous TAA assistance. I believe some of it went to those who were laid off at Solyndra and to some of these things that had very little to do with trade. Because of the way you seek such assistance, we don’t do the best that we could to keep track of where those jobs were lost to. But hav-ing said that, we all recognize, as the Senator from Texas said earlier, that TAA is the price we pay to get TPA. We all recognize in this body that there are compromises that need to be made. That is how we move legislation, and that is how we get important legisla-tion such as TPA passed so that we can 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JN6.021 S23JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4533 June 23, 2015 
have more free trade, and our economy 
will benefit because of it. 
With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:31 p.m., 
recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
DEFENDING PUBLIC SAFETY EM-
PLOYEES’ RETIREMENT ACT— Continued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire is recog-nized. 
PERMANENT INTERNET TAX FREEDOM ACT  
Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, I want-
ed to come to the floor today to talk about Internet tax freedom and to talk about ensuring that our online busi-nesses remain competitive. 
First of all, I commend the House of 
Representatives for recently passing the Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act, which would permanently extend the current ban on Internet access taxes. The current tax moratorium will expire on October 1, and if we fail to renew it, it could cost taxpayers nearly $15 billion in new fees and taxes next year. In addition, as importantly, it would make Internet access less afford-able to hard-working families and ham-per small businesses’ ability to grow and create jobs using the Internet be-cause essentially it would allow all of these jurisdictions to tax the Internet. So when you get on the Internet, you can expect many more taxes if we do not do what the House of Representa-tives did and extend the Internet Tax Freedom Act. In fact, I think we should make it permanent. 
I am a cosponsor of a Senate com-
panion bill of which I hope this Senate will follow the House’s lead to pass and send a permanent extension to the President’s desk. 
Unfortunately, one of the things we 
have heard is that some see this exten-sion of the moratorium on Internet taxation as an opportunity to attach another piece of legislation that, in fact, would burden our online busi-nesses and would tremendously dis-advantage a State like my home State of New Hampshire that has made the legislative decision not to have a sales tax. 
We have seen this playbook before. It 
was called before the Marketplace Fairness Act. Of course, there is noth-
ing fair about this act when it comes to our online businesses having to collect taxes for nearly 9,000 taxing jurisdic-tions. You can imagine the bureau-cratic nightmare that would occur. So this so-called Marketplace Fairness Act—I always used to like to call it the ‘‘Online Sales Tax Act’’ or the ‘‘Online 
Sales Tax Collection Act.’’ That would be a more accurate description of that particular act. 
So here we are. We have a rerun of 
this particular bill that would have re-quired businesses in the State of New Hampshire—even though we do not have a sales tax—our online businesses to collect for all these other tax juris-dictions. Again, it is not even just States that have sales taxes. In some States, it goes down to the municipal level when it comes to municipalities and local jurisdictions actually col-lecting a separate tax, so it would have ended up being over 9,000 taxing juris-dictions. So here you have a nice on-line business out there having to be the tax collector for all these different ju-risdictions. You can imagine that this would really be a huge burden on these online businesses. 
The individuals who have been sup-
porting this new sales tax collection scheme in this new burden on the Internet—by the way, one of the rea-sons I am such a strong proponent of permanently extending the tax free-dom and the lack of taxes on the Inter-net, on Internet access, is because we have seen not only consumers’ access to the Internet but the ability of busi-nesses and the ability of us to create jobs and to see real growth on the Internet. This has allowed people to start businesses from their home. It has allowed so much creativity. It has been very positive for our economy. 
So lo and behold in all of that there 
are some talking about attaching to this Internet Tax Freedom Act this in-credibly burdensome collection scheme to require businesses to be out there collecting all these sales taxes throughout the Nation. The latest pro-posal the proponents of this type of tax collection scheme have come up with is one that again creates even more issues—certainly as many if not more issues—than the prior proposal that was called the so-called Marketplace Fairness Act. Of course, we know there is nothing fair about it if you are a business having to collect all these taxes. 
What this rerun would do is actually 
create this reporting system and re-quire businesses to purchase this soft-ware and then require States to actu-ally have what are called certified soft-ware providers. Here is what would happen: Under this latest scheme, the certified software providers for these States would actually collect all the sales information for every sale—every online sale in a State—and then they would manage the collection of these taxes. Well, can you imagine? So now we are going to say to businesses: Yes, you have to purchase this certain soft-
ware. And guess what. Every sale you make is going to be held by the central government in each State. 
Can you imagine, with all the things 
we have seen happen in terms of breach of privacy of individuals? We have seen cyber attacks, all these issues we are facing. We have seen it in our govern-ment with OPM. We have seen it with the IRS. We have seen it with private companies in data breach. 
Now this latest scheme is, let’s send 
all the sales information to one place, and we will have some company—I guess some private companies will stand to benefit from this—they will now collect all these taxes, and they will hold all this information. Imagine how much information they would hold in each State. 
So that is how we are going to create 
this new taxing scheme. You can imag-ine how a State such as New Hamp-shire would feel about that as a State that has decided not to have a sales tax—that suddenly our State has to keep all this information, has to hire some private company to do this, to collect all these taxes, and then that each of our online businesses has to purchase this software which is sup-posed to interface with its State gov-ernment. What a massive bureaucracy, and how unfair it is in terms of State sovereignty that the Federal Govern-ment would impose this on a State such as New Hampshire that has made a decision not to have a sales tax. 
This, to me, would be the opposite of 
what we are trying to accomplish under the Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act, which I fully support, which is about Internet tax freedom, and to attach this proposal to that Internet Tax Freedom Act, which some people, I think, are scheming around here to do, which with the right hand we are going to give you Internet free-dom and with the left hand we are going to take that freedom away from States like mine that have chosen not to have a sales tax. And our online businesses would now have to be part of this huge bureaucratic scheme to collect taxes for other States and other localities. 
So I would hope my colleagues would 
not go down this road because I think the Internet should be free. I think on-line businesses should be able to con-tinue to thrive and grow. I think online businesses should not be required to collect for over 9,000 taxing jurisdic-tions. And certainly I think all of us should have concerns about all of the sales data being collected by some kind of third party and being held in one place just so we can collect more taxes on online businesses. 
In fact, what I have heard from our 
businesses in New Hampshire pre-viously when the so-called Marketplace Fairness Act was on the floor of the Senate—many of the businesses in New Hampshire that have online sales told me then how unfair they thought this taxing scheme was, and those concerns 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JN6.022 S23JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4534 June 23, 2015 
remain, great businesses such as Gar-
net Hill in Franconia, NH. Russ Gaitskill, who is the president and CEO of Garnet Hill, told me previously: ‘‘It’s going to be a nightmare.’’ 
I heard in the past from E&R Laun-
dry and Dry Cleaners, a small business founded in Manchester in 1921. About 70 
percent of E&R’s sales are now Inter-net based. The company’s president said he would not have the resources to calculate, collect, and deliver sales taxes for thousands of jurisdictions across the country. 
There is a great bakery, certainly, in 
the Nashua and Amherst area, Fred-erick’s Pastries. Anybody who has been there—I can tell you, Frederick’s is a great bakery. Susan Lozier Roberts of Frederick’s expressed concern that this taxing scheme would create mass con-fusion, keeping up with all the indi-vidual tax codes. 
There is the fact that we are going to 
have to have software and have some third party hold all of the sales infor-mation for all these online businesses. That creates so many other additional burdensome issues, as well as privacy issues. 
Travis Adams with whaddy.com, 
based in Nashua, said previously: One tax audit from another State or juris-diction would completely crush us. Be-cause what happens under this so- called taxing scheme is now all of our online businesses can be audited in all of these taxing jurisdictions. So you can be an online business in New Hampshire, and what the proponents of this new tax scheme would like to have is this opportunity that businesses in New Hampshire can now be audited in all these other jurisdictions. You can imagine what kind of burdens that would create on businesses that are trying to focus every day on the bot-tom line and creating jobs. 
So I would say that as we look at this 
new proposal that some people behind the scenes are talking about trying to attach to the Internet Tax Freedom Act—I hope we will not go down this road. It would be bad for business, it would be bad for people’s privacy, it would be a big power grab, I think, from Washington to require States such as New Hampshire to collect these taxes from throughout the country, and it certainly would not be positive to create more jobs through online businesses. 
In fact, the Competitive Enterprise 
Institute said of this latest proposal, which is a cousin to the so-called Mar-ketplace Fairness Act: 
[This] new tax grab erodes healthy tax 
competition among states, puts consumers’ information at higher risk, and ushers in a regime of taxation without representation. It’s like the Blackwater of tax collection, state-paid mercenaries with sales tax charts. Under the Marketplace Fairness Act busi-nesses are threatened by the prospect of being audited and prosecuted in every state into which they sell. 
This issue is one I think we all 
should care about. I know in my home State of New Hampshire, where we have chosen not to have a sales tax, it 
would be completely unfair for us to consider passing this proposal which is a brandnew tax grab that erodes New Hampshire’s competitive status of choosing not to have a sales tax. Also, there is the concern we all should have about a central taxing authority hold-ing all of this private sales information in each of the States and what could be done with that information and how will consumers’ information be pro-tected. New Hampshire’s residents and Internet retailers cannot afford this radical Federal invasion of our State. 
I hope my colleagues will see the im-
portance of extending the Internet Tax Freedom Act to encourage innovation and job creation, but under no cir-cumstances should the Internet access tax moratorium be held hostage by a new and invasive sales tax that would not only undo the benefits of the tax moratorium but also burden our small businesses with becoming tax collec-tors for other States. That is wrong, 
and I hope this body will not go down that road. I certainly will be doing ev-erything I can within my power in the Senate to make sure this new sales tax collection regime does not get attached to a very positive proposal, which is the Internet Tax Freedom Act. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana. 
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, it is 
an honor to follow my colleague from New Hampshire, who has done such an eloquent job. 
EXPORT -IMPORT BANK  
I want to talk about the Export-Im-
port Bank. I said this during the un-necessary 2013 Government shutdown, and I will say it again: Most Americans think Congress can do something to help create jobs and strengthen our economy—even if it is simply not doing any harm. Yet here we are again, will-fully allowing an important tool for economic growth to expire by not tak-ing commonsense action. 
On June 30, the charter for the Ex-
port-Import Bank will expire. During its 80-plus years of existence, the Bank has garnered support from every Presi-dent during that span and repeatedly been renewed by Congress, often with-out any objection. The Export-Import Bank is not a Democratic program or a Republican program. It is a program to help American businesses. President Reagan’s words from 30 years ago still ring true: 
Exports create and sustain jobs for mil-
lions of American workers and contribute to 
the growth and strength of the United States economy. The Export-Import Bank contrib-utes in a significant way to our nation’s ex-port sales. 
The Gipper was right then, and he is 
right today. 
Those who oppose the Ex-Im Bank 
for ideological reasons may make their case in the abstract, but I have to oper-ate in the reality, where I have heard over and over from Indiana small busi-ness owners and workers about the im-portance of the Ex-Im Bank. Jon, the vice president of Specialty 
Hardwoods of Indiana, in Nappannee, told me about their small company, which has around 40 employees. They got through the financial downturn of 2008 and 2009 but suffered during that time, as all small manufacturers did, not only here in this country but worldwide. As they returned to profit-ability, they made a decision to try to diversify markets. 
Up until 2008, they mostly sold their 
products to the recreational vehicle in-dustry. Since then, they have started to sell to cabinet companies that mar-ket to the kitchen and bath industry nationally and made a direct attempt to go after export sales. Lumber prod-uct exports now account at Specialty Hardwoods for more than 45 percent of their current sales. Jon told me: 
We could not have done this without the 
support of EXIM bank. I personally have helped other small companies in our indus-try contact EXIM and establish relationships with EXIM to market their products. It lev-els the playing field for smaller companies to enter this market segment of our industry. 
We have grown our business and survived 
because of EXIM bank and the efforts of the 40–45 people that we employ. 
The stories continue. 
Mark, the vice president and co- 
owner of Agrarian Marketing Corpora-tion, told us about his company that makes feed additives and nutritional supplements for the livestock industry. They have a very large distributor in Cairo, Egypt, that represents nearly 30 percent of their business. For this Hoo-sier business, nearly 30 percent of their business comes from Cairo, Egypt. 
The credit insurance they purchase 
through Ex-Im Bank allows them to source this business by extending bene-ficial credit terms to their Egyptian customer. It would not be possible if they required their customer to prepay for those orders. 
Mark said: 
Although we are a small business, this seg-
ment of our business is very important to us and provides excellent profitability and jobs here in Indiana as well as jobs for our con-tract manufacturers in Iowa, Illinois, and Ohio. All would suffer if we lost this busi-ness. 
Bruce, the CEO and chairman of Sul-
livan-Palatek in Michigan City, noted that not only are the 140 jobs at his company impacted but several hundred more at local suppliers. 
Bruce said: 
In the event that the Ex-Im Bank were to 
be shut down, the impact to us would be im-mediate. I believe we would have very much difficulty in getting any new orders. 
In fact, the orders that we have in house, 
many of them we would not be able to ship. We would have to shut them down right in the middle . . . of the order process. 
Jon, Mark, and Bruce are three of 
many in Indiana, many around the country. In my home State, the Hoo-sier State, since 2010 the Export-Import Bank has directly helped more than 100 companies that have exported more than $3 billion in goods and services. 
The Ex-Im Bank costs zero in tax-
payer dollars. In fact, it turns a profit. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JN6.029 S23JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4535 June 23, 2015 
Since 1992, the Bank has returned more 
than $7 billion in profits to the Treas-ury. Last year, $675 million was re-turned to the Treasury. And the de-fault rate is 0.175 percent. That is less than one-fifth of 1 percent. That is an effort to manage it in a fiscally pru-dent, fiscally responsible manner. 
In fiscal year 2014, the Ex-Im Bank 
authorized around $20.5 billion for 3,746 transactions, which contributed to $27.5 billion of U.S. exports and more than 164,000 jobs right here in the United States. 
These are not, for the most part, 
huge corporations. They are small companies that wouldn’t be able to af-ford financing elsewhere. In 2014, 90 percent of the transactions approved by the Bank were in support of small businesses. 
So what happens if Ex-Im’s charter is 
to expire? It will be forced to shut down, unwind current obligations, and the loss of future financing could result in a significant amount of business being lost overseas. That directly af-fects the bottom line for many busi-nesses, leaving them with less revenue to reinvest and less revenue to pay wages or create new jobs. It becomes difficult—if not nearly impossible—for the private sector to replace the loans, the guarantees, and the insurance pro-vided by the Ex-Im Bank. 
At a time when American companies 
are competing in a game that is often rigged by foreign currency manipula-tion, intellectual property theft, and insurmountable regulatory barriers, unilaterally eliminating our export credit agency further handcuffs U.S. job creators and allows competitors in foreign countries to pick up the busi-ness. 
If Ex-Im no longer provides financ-
ing, foreign companies and countries are still going to buy their goods and products. They need the products. But instead of buying that product from Muncie, IN, they will purchase it in Russia or China. 
This is, to me, the direct opposite of 
what Congress should be doing. It seems as if up is down and down is up in this discussion. Nearly every other major country has a credit export agency. Many are larger and much more aggressive than the Export-Im-port Bank. Unilaterally eliminating our export credit agency hurts not only the United States and handcuffs our job creators, but it also helps competi-tors in foreign countries to capitalize and seize that business. 
Our global competitors, including 
China, Brazil, and India, are investing more in export financing every single day. They are investing in their compa-nies and in their economy. If we take this measure, we are stepping back. They are rooting for America’s Export- Import Bank to close because it means more business for them. 
Even our neighbor Canada is pro-
viding far more export financing than the United States. Canada’s economy is one-tenth the size of the U.S. economy, and their export-import agency already 
provides far more export financing than we do at the present time. The Ex-Im Bank is a tool that helps Amer-ican companies compete in the global economy. 
In Indiana, we pride ourselves on 
what we call Hoosier common sense. It does not get more common sense than creating more American jobs in a fis-cally responsible way. That is what the Export-Import Bank does. 
Congress needs a dose of that Hoosier 
common sense, which is the same as the common sense in the Presiding Of-ficer’s home State of Ohio. We should act quickly to reauthorize the Export- Import Bank to help our companies, to help our employees, to help workers around our country, and to help our Nation. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. GARDNER. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. GARDNER. Madam President, 
our country stands on the brink of a great opportunity in the Asia-Pacific. Since 2008, the United States and 11 other Pacific nations, including Japan and New Zealand, have worked to con-clude negotiations on the Trans-Pacific Partnership. This agreement rep-resents nearly 40 percent of the global gross domestic product, or GDP, and is the most ambitious free-trade agree-ment in history. By upending anti-quated international tariff systems and tearing down barriers to trade, we can unleash American ingenuity and send our Nation’s products from Main Street to Malaysia. 
Much has been said about the na-
tional benefits of concluding TPP, but I want to focus on some of the par-ticular benefits for my home State of Colorado. Colorado, like most States, benefits immensely from international trade, particularly with Asia. Accord-ing to the Business Roundtable, more than 265,000 Colorado jobs are sup-ported by the countries that would be affected by TPP. These trade-related jobs include the farmworker harvesting world-famous melons down in Rocky Ford and the meatpacker shipping American beef from Greeley. They are the electrical engineer designing com-puter systems in Boulder and the nat-ural gas worker maintaining a rig in Parachute. Collectively, these every-day working Americans help drive the economic and trade engine of Colorado. Last year, my State exported more than $8 billion worth of goods all across the world. Approximately half of them, or $4 billion, went directly to TPP countries. 
While nations like Vietnam and 
Japan have imposed hefty tariffs on our Colorado goods in the past, TPP 
presents an opportunity to level the playing field. American goods would flow more freely to the region and American workers stand to benefit. That is why I strongly support grant-ing the President trade promotion au-thority, or TPA, and finalizing a high- standard TPP. A vote for TPA is a vote 
for the American worker. It is a vote for more active engagement in the world and a higher standard of living, and it is a vote to recognize that through increased trade, we can indeed deliver upon the promise of a better to-morrow. 
Unfortunately, however, some in 
Congress have opted for isolationism and retreat. They have sounded the alarm over supposed failure of past trade agreements and argued in favor of taking cover rather than taking charge, and they have doubled down on the false notion that trade is always bad for the American economy and the American worker. But a quick review of the facts will dispel these myths very quickly. According to the U.S. De-partment of Agriculture, national beef exports to Colombia and Panama have more than tripled since 2011 when we enacted free-trade agreements with these countries. National wheat ex-ports to Chile more than doubled from the enactment of our 2003 free-trade agreement through 2014, while dairy exports increased more than 20 times to that country, and our beef exports have increased more than eight times to the participant countries of the Cen-tral America and Dominican Republic free-trade agreement. 
Colorado businesses have played a 
large role in expanding overseas as well. My State witnessed a 37-percent increase in goods exported to countries with free-trade agreements between 2003 and 2013. Exports to Korea have in-creased 61 percent since the conclusion of our free-trade agreement with that nation in 2011. And NAFTA, which anti-trade forces frequently dismiss as the poster child for trade deals gone awry, has resulted in a 293-percent— that is right, 293 percent—increase in Colorado exports to Canada and Mexico since 1994. 
Beyond the numbers, though, it is 
important to meet with the workers and business owners who understand that freer trade helps their bottom line. Just a few days ago, I traveled to Eastern Colorado on my annual wheat tour. It is a tradition that Senator Wayne Allard started in the 1990s— then a U.S. Representative—and one I was excited to continue in the Senate. I invited my colleague from Colorado Senator B
ENNET , so we could both hear 
the needs directly from Coloradans and see the positive impacts that agree-ments such as TPP could have not only on Eastern Colorado but farmers across this country. 
On the tour, we had the chance to 
marvel at the truly incredible produc-tion level of Colorado wheat growers. We are just about 2 weeks away from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JN6.031 S23JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4536 June 23, 2015 
the height of the winter wheat harvest 
in Colorado—a time when I have al-ways enjoyed working at our family implement dealership in Yuma—and a reminder that Colorado helps feed the world. The vast majority of Colorado’s wheat crop is exported. In fact, in 2013, we shipped more than $235 million worth of wheat across the globe. Eighty percent of the wheat we produce in Colorado is exported. Most of the wheat growers we met on the Eastern Plains aren’t interested in re-treating from the international mar-ketplace. In fact, they want to expand the international marketplace. They understand that freer trade means im-proved opportunities to place their product. And with a high-standard TPP, Colorado wheat growers could penetrate notoriously difficult markets in countries such as Japan and begin to ship from Thurman to Tokyo and be-yond. 
It isn’t just wheat either. Colorado 
farmers and ranchers already export millions of dollars in Western Slope beef, Southern Colorado onions, and San Luis Valley potatoes. In fact, ac-cording to the Department of Agri-culture, Colorado potatoes represent around 70 percent of all U.S. potato ex-ports to Mexico. That market stands to grow significantly if TPP is success-fully concluded, considering that Mex-ico is a member nation in the negotia-tions. 
There is no question that trade bene-
fits rural America. We should be pro-moting Palisade peaches in Perth and Olathe sweet corn on the streets of Singapore. Growing up in rural Colo-rado, I saw the potential that our hard- working farmers and ranchers created for Colorado and for Colorado products abroad. Their determined spirit and hard-working attitude are what keep America at the top of the global econ-omy, and TPP will expand that prom-ise in the Asia-Pacific. 
Urban and suburban America succeed 
with increased trade as well. As do their rural counterparts, urban and suburban Coloradans benefit from a wider selection of cheaper goods. The mechanics of free trade stretch dollars a little bit further for the teenager with a part-time summer job as well as for the family struggling to make ends meet. 
Aside from the benefit of cheaper 
products, increased trade creates jobs here at home. A couple of months ago, I was fortunate enough to visit a com-pany in Boulder, CO, that manufac-tures zip lines and other adventure equipment. This company has success-fully expanded their business to Europe and Asia, helping people across the globe enjoy rain forest canopy tours, free falling, and more. 
As this business expanded overseas, 
they had the ability to hire more em-ployees and boost the local economy in Boulder. They doubled their Colorado office and are still looking to grow. An agreement such as TPP will open fur-ther opportunities for this company in the Asia-Pacific and beyond, perhaps 
facilitating world-class bungee jump-ing in New Zealand or advanced rock climbing in Peru, and with those new opportunities come more Colorado jobs. 
That is the essence of free trade. It 
encourages innovation and entrepre-neurship. It connects the world while growing our workforce at home, and it presents an opportunity for Colorado and our country to spread our goods and ideas across the globe. 
That is why I have supported free- 
trade agreements in the past—agree-ments that have yielded significant economic and strategic benefits for our Nation. That is why I supported the latest generation of trade promotion authority and look forward to sup-porting it again. We will continue to support it this week as it goes to the President’s desk to be signed into law. That is why I urge my colleagues to continue their support for free-trade agreements, so the United States can help grasp the great opportunity that awaits us in the Asia-Pacific. 
We have held several hearings over 
the past couple of months in the For-eign Relations Committee and beyond talking about the benefits of free trade. A couple of weeks ago, we were joined by experts from Asia and economic leaders around this country, all of whom believe we have an important role to play in expanding trade and ex-panding the opportunities that the Trans-Pacific Partnership will lead to when that agreement comes to this floor, thanks to trade promotion au-thority. It is an important measure that we must enact. It is an important statement of good faith that the United States truly is interested in the Asia region, the Asia-Pacific region, making good on our efforts to truly pivot to Asia to rebalance policy we all support but making good on our word that we are indeed in the region to stay. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Dakota. 
REPUBLICAN -LED SENATE  
Mr. THUNE. Madam President, last 
fall, Republicans promised that if we were elected to the majority, we would get Washington working. That wasn’t a campaign slogan, that was a commit-ment. After 6 months of Republican control, I am proud to report we are de-livering on that promise. 
The past 6 months in the Senate have 
been the most productive months in a long time. We passed bipartisan legis-lation to approve the Keystone Pipe-line. We passed a bipartisan bill to help prevent suicides among veterans. We passed the first significant bipartisan reform of Medicare in years, which will ensure that our seniors have access to physicians and that those physicians are judged by the quality rather than the quantity of the care they provide. We passed bipartisan legislation to give law enforcement new tools to fight human trafficking and provide support for trafficking victims. We passed a bi-
partisan bill to authorize funding for our national defense to provide for the needs of our men and women in uni-form. 
Those are just some of the high-
lights. 
Every piece of legislation I men-
tioned passed with bipartisan support. One reason that happened is because the Republican majority has been com-mitted to ensuring that all Senators, whatever the party, have the oppor-tunity to make their voices heard. 
Under Democratic leadership, not 
only were Members of the minority party shut out of the legislative proc-ess, but many rank-and-file Democrats were as well. During all of 2014, the Democratic leadership in the Senate allowed just 15 amendment rollcall votes—15 votes in an entire year. That is barely more than a vote a month. 
By contrast, the Republican-led Sen-
ate has taken more than 130 amend-ment rollcall votes so far this year or more than 21 votes a month. That is not only more amendment rollcall votes than last year, it is more amend-ment rollcall votes than the Senate has taken in the past 2 years combined. That is through the first 6 months of 2015. We have another 6 months to go. 
This week, the Senate is considering 
what I hope is going to be our next bi-partisan achievement; that is, the leg-islation to help expand U.S. trade with other countries and increase the oppor-tunities that are available for Amer-ican businesses and American workers. 
Over the past few years, exports have 
been a bright spot in our economy, sup-porting an increasing number of Amer-ican jobs each and every year. In 2014, exports supported 11.7 million U.S. jobs and made up 13 percent of our Nation’s economy. We need to continue to open markets around the globe to American goods and services, and the best way to do that is through new trade agree-ments. 
Countries with which we have free 
and fair trade agreements purchase substantially more from us than other countries. In fact, in 2013, free-trade agreement countries purchased 12 times more goods per capita from the United States than nonfree-trade 
agreement countries—12 times more goods per capita. 
For American workers, increased 
trade means more opportunity and in-creased access to high-paying jobs. Manufacturing jobs tied to exports pay, on average, 13 to 18 percent more than other jobs in our economy. 
Unfortunately, while trade agree-
ments have proliferated around the globe over the past several years, the United States hasn’t signed a new trade agreement in 8 years. A big rea-son for that is the fact that trade pro-motion authority expired in 2007. Since 1934, almost all of the U.S. free-trade agreements have been negotiated using trade promotion authority or a similar streamlined, expedited process. 
Trade promotion authority is de-
signed to put the United States in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JN6.033 S23JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4537 June 23, 2015 
strongest possible position when it 
comes to negotiating trade agree-ments. Under TPA, Congress sets guidelines for trade negotiations and outlines the priorities the administra-tion must follow. In return, Congress promises a simple up-or-down vote on the resulting trade agreement instead of the long amendment process that could leave the final deal looking noth-ing like what was initially negotiated. 
That simple up-or-down vote is the 
key. It lets our negotiating partners know that Congress and trade nego-tiators are on the same page, which gives other countries the confidence they need to put their best offers on the table. That, in turn, allows for a successful and timely conclusion of ne-gotiations. 
Currently, the administration is ne-
gotiating two major trade agreements that have the potential to vastly ex-pand the market for American goods and services in the European Union and in the Pacific. The Trans-Pacific Part-nership is being negotiated with a number of Asia-Pacific nations, includ-ing Australia, Japan, New Zealand, Singapore, and Vietnam. If this agree-ment is done right, it could have huge benefits for American agriculture, among other industries. 
Agriculture producers in my State of 
South Dakota and in the Presiding Of-ficer’s State of Iowa understand that trade promotion authority is the most effective way to secure trade agree-ments that will benefit our farmers and our ranchers. One pork producer in my State of South Dakota contacted me to tell me that a successful TPP deal could increase U.S. pork exports to just one of the Trans-Pacific Partnership countries by literally hundreds of mil-lions of dollars in a year. 
Discussions of the benefits of trade 
tend to focus on the economic benefits, and with good reason—it helps our economy. It creates good-paying jobs and raises the standard of living for people in this country and gives access for consumers to lower cost goods and services. But new trade agreements also have the potential to result not just in economic gains for America’s farmers, ranchers, and manufacturers but in national security gains for the country. 
When we make trade deals with other 
countries, we are not just opening new markets for our goods, we are also de-veloping and cementing alliances. Trade agreements build bonds of friendship with other nations that ex-tend not only to cooperation on eco-nomic issues but to cooperation on se-curity issues as well. 
It is also important to remember 
that just because the United States isn’t negotiating trade agreements doesn’t mean other countries will not be. In fact, the United States hasn’t signed a single new trade agreement over the past 8 years, but that hasn’t prevented other countries from signing numerous trade agreements over the same period. If America fails to lead on trade, other nations such as China will 
step in to fill the void, and these na-tions will not have the best interests of American workers and American fami-lies in mind. 
The bill before us today will help 
pave the way for the United States to cement alliances with friendly nations through trade and will help ensure that any trade deals the United States en-
ters into will be favorable to our eco-nomic and our national security inter-ests. 
The Senate passed a version of this 
bill last month with a bipartisan ma-jority, and I am hopeful we will have a similarly strong bipartisan vote yet this week. Republicans believe our Na-tion’s problems are best solved when Members of both parties come together to find solutions for the American peo-ple. 
Republicans’ plans for our second 6 
months in the majority are the same as those for the first 6 months of our ma-jority; that is, to make sure we con-tinue to move forward in a way that addresses the challenges that are fac-ing our country. Unfortunately, last week we saw an unfortunate return to partisanship on the part of the Demo-crats when they blocked an appropria-tions bill to fund our troops. It is not that Democrats have a problem with this bill; in fact, many of them voted to support the funding this bill pro-vides when they voted in favor of the National Defense Authorization Act last week. The authorization act is the first step in a two-step process which has to be followed by the appropria-tions bill that actually provides the funding. But Democratic leaders and the President, even though many of them supported the Defense authoriza-tion bill, are upset that government agencies such as the EPA and the IRS aren’t receiving the Democrats’ pre-ferred level of funding, so they have de-cided to hold appropriations bills hos-tage in an effort to get what they want. 
It is unfortunate that Democrats are 
holding money for our troops hostage in order to get more funding for the EPA and the IRS. If Democrats believe the funding levels in the appropriations bills are not acceptable, they will have the opportunity to offer amendments to increase the funding. But in order to do that, they have to allow us to actu-ally proceed to consideration of these bills on the Senate floor. What they are, in effect, doing now is filibustering any attempt to bring any spending bill to the floor; most recently, as I men-tioned, the funding bill for our troops. The bill that funds our national secu-rity interests in this country is cur-rently being held hostage. We can’t even get it on the floor to debate it. We are not only talking about ultimately passing it, we are talking about even having a discussion on the floor of the Senate about something as important as funding our troops and the impor-tant military objectives we have as a nation. Yet, right now, we have a fili-buster being conducted by the Demo-crats—again, because they want to get 
more funding for their favorite agen-cies. Well, that is a bad way to go about this. 
I am hopeful that this obstruction— 
which is largely driven by the Demo-cratic leadership—that most rank-and- file Democrats will rethink a strategy that involves opposing every oppor-tunity to fund our Nation’s priorities and to get things done for the Amer-ican people. 
After years of stagnation in the Sen-
ate under Democratic leadership, I think even most Democrats have en-joyed governing in a functioning Sen-ate again. We have dozens of bipartisan bills to show for the first 6 months of this year, and our record of accom-plishment can continue if the Demo-crats abandon their strategy of ob-struction and continue to work with us to solve the challenges facing our Na-tion. They can start by not objecting to proceeding to even getting a bill that funds our national security inter-ests here on the floor of the Senate so we can debate it. As I said, if they don’t like the funding levels in there, we will have an open amendment proc-ess in which they will be able to offer amendments to change those funding levels. But what they are doing right now is fundamentally wrong, not even allowing consideration of an appropria-tions bill that funds our military and pays our troops on the floor of the United States Senate. I hope that will change. 
I hope that the Democrats will join 
us in making the next 6 months of 2015 as productive as the first 6 months have been and that we can point to bi-partisan achievements that are good for the American people, that focus on their basic daily needs, and that will promote policies which will grow our economy and create jobs and lead to a higher standard of living and increased take-home pay for middle-income fami-lies across this country. 
I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I 
would like to take a few minutes to un-derscore the importance of trade and trade promotion authority to the American manufacturing industry. 
Despite some claims to the contrary, 
U.S. manufacturers have been among the principal beneficiaries of our exist-ing free-trade agreements. One in four U.S. manufacturing jobs depends on ex-ports. On average, the wages of those in export-supported manufacturing jobs are 18 percent higher than those of other factory workers. 
Furthermore, since the last TPA bill 
passed through the Congress in 2002, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JN6.034 S23JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4538 June 23, 2015 
U.S. goods exports have more than dou-
bled, reaching $1.6 trillion in 2013 alone. While we hear a constant drum-beat decrying our trade deficits, the United States enjoys a nearly $60 bil-lion yearly manufacturing surplus with our 20 existing partners to the free- trade agreements. Consumers and busi-nesses in those 20 countries purchased $658 billion of U.S. manufactured goods in 2013 alone, which represents nearly 48 percent of all exports produced by the 12 million Americans employed in manufacturing. 
Clearly, in places where we have free- 
trade agreements, where our manufac-turers can compete on a level playing field, they are winning. We need to build on that track record of success and enact more high-standard, 21st- century free-trade agreements. That is yet another reason why we need TPA. 
It is no wonder, then, that our TPA 
bill is supported by manufacturers throughout the country. We have re-ceived letters or statements of support from groups such as the National Asso-ciation of Manufacturers, the National Electrical Manufacturers Association, the Grocery Manufacturers Associa-tion, the American Forest and Paper Association, the Association of Equip-ment Manufacturers, the Semicon-ductor Industry Association, the Soci-ety of Chemical Manufacturers & Af-filiates, the National Council of Textile Organizations, and many others. 
On top of that, a number of iconic in-
dividual manufacturing companies have weighed in publicly in support of our bill, including Boeing, Cummins, Dow Chemical, Honeywell, Intel, Texas Instruments, Xerox, and, of course, many others. 
Caterpillar, which is based in Peoria, 
IL, is the world’s leading manufacturer of construction and mining equipment, diesel engines, and gas turbines. Cater-pillar knows the value of trade to a healthy economy, having exported nearly $88 billion in goods and services over the past 5 years. They know that if we pass TPA, they can do even bet-ter. 
Upon introduction of our bill, the 
company issued a statement saying, ‘‘Passage of TPA will provide the United States with the strongest pos-sible hand when negotiating future trade agreements and will help elimi-nate the current high tariffs and trade barriers that companies like Cater-pillar currently face.’’ 
It is not just big companies that ben-
efit. Ninety-eight percent of nearly 300,000 American exporters are small and medium-sized businesses. Let me say that again. Ninety-eight percent of all U.S. exporters are small and me-dium-sized businesses. There are 300,000 of them. That fact escapes many peo-ple. 
Let me give an example of one of 
those small businesses from my home State of Utah. Kimber Kable is owned and operated by Ray Kimber. Ray’s story is emblematic of the American dream. In the late 1970s, Ray figured out a way to weave audio cables to re-
duce unwanted noise and improve fidel-ity. The company he started in his ga-rage over 35 years ago is now a driver of economic growth and a source of jobs. Today, he employs 30 people in Ogden, UT. He sells his cables to the world. Two-thirds of Ray’s cables are shipped to customers overseas. 
Ray is not only a friend of mine, he 
is also an outstanding example of a larger truth: The U.S. manufacturing 
sector is the most innovative in the world, and American workers are un-surpassed in manufacturing produc-tivity. Because of U.S. innovation and productivity, where U.S. manufac-turing competes on an equal footing, it always succeeds. 
We can help people like Ray reach 
more markets and maintain healthy small businesses across America—busi-nesses that will grow our economy and create more jobs—but we can only do that if our trade negotiators have the tools to set fair trade rules for our ex-porters. That is what our TPA bill pro-vides. 
For example, a big part of the ability 
of small companies like Kimber Kable to sell around the world is digital trade. That is why the TPA bill that is again before us directs our trade nego-tiators to ensure that electronically delivered goods and services are classi-fied with the most liberal trade treat-ment possible and that our trading partners allow the free flow of data across borders. 
Using the Internet to market, sell, 
and transmit digital products is only part of the story. Companies like Ray’s are also innovators, and their innova-tions must be protected. Too many small businesses have experienced firsthand the destructive impact of in-tellectual property theft. Companies like Kimber Kable have to contend with counterfeiters stealing their com-pany name to sell inferior products. This TPA bill, therefore, will also en-sure that U.S. trade agreements reflect a standard of intellectual property rights protection similar to that found in our own U.S. law. The bill calls for an end to the theft of U.S. intellectual property by foreign governments, in-cluding piracy and the theft of trade secrets, and for the elimination of measures that require U.S. companies to locate their intellectual property abroad in return for market access. These are strong provisions that will help U.S. manufacturing compete and sell their products around the world. 
Companies from Caterpillar to 
Kimber Kable recognize the impor-tance of trade and trade agreements to the future of American manufacturing. They recognize that 95 percent of the world’s consumers live outside of the United States and that if we want to sell American-made products to these customers, we need strong agreements to break down barriers and level the playing field. We simply cannot do that without the TPA. 
We can do better and we must do bet-
ter for American manufacturers. If we really want to support the American 
manufacturing industry, then we should vote today to pass this TPA leg-islation once and for all. 
Madam President, I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I wish 
to take a few minutes to talk about the importance of international trade to my home State of Utah and how Utahns will benefit from the passage of the TPA bill. 
Despite having a relatively small 
population, the State of Utah is a very significant player in international trade. In 2014 alone, Utah exported more than $12 billion in goods. That number has more than doubled over the past decade, despite the economic downturn that took place during that time. 
Goods exports account for more than 
11 percent of Utah’s GDP. More than 50,000 Utah jobs are directly tied to goods exports, as more than 3,400 Utah- based companies export goods to coun-tries around the world. By the way, nearly 86 percent of those exporting companies are small or medium-sized businesses. 
These Utah exports include a number 
of key manufacturing exports, includ-ing primary metal products, computer and electronics products, chemicals, processed foods, and transportation equipment, just to mention a few. 
There are a number of Utah compa-
nies that I could single out here today. As I said, there are more than 3,400 Utah-based exporters, but let me talk about one in particular—Albion Lab-oratories, which is based in Clearfield, UT. 
Albion is a leading, global manufac-
turer of chelated minerals for human and plant nutritional applications. The company is incredibly innovative, own-ing more than 100 patents from manu-facturing processes to food applica-tions. Over the years, Albion has en-joyed strong growth in large part be-cause of its expanded exports. Today, Albion exports to more than 100 dif-ferent countries, which has allowed the company to regularly add new jobs to accommodate its increased output. As of right now, the company employs ap-proximately 150 people. This is just one example of the many unique and inno-vative Utah companies that have bene-fited from international trade and will benefit even more from expanded ac-cess to foreign markets in the future. 
Now, there has been a lot of talk 
about the potential benefits of our pending trade agreements with coun-tries in the Asia-Pacific region and the European Union. As of right now, more than half of Utah’s exports already go 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JN6.043 S23JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4539 June 23, 2015 
to these two markets. Therefore, I 
think it is safe to say that Utah-based exporters will benefit greatly from the expanded market access they will un-doubtedly see if we can get both the Trans-Pacific Partnership and the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership over the finish line. 
Of course, without TPA, these two 
important trade agreements, which are among the largest and most ambitious agreements in our Nation’s history, don’t stand a chance. TPA gives our negotiators the tools they need to get the best deals possible. TPA gives Con-gress and our constituents a strong voice in the negotiating process, and, of course, TPA assures that once an agreement is reached, our country will be able to deliver on the deal. 
Utahns depend on international 
trade. Utah’s job creators, like those throughout the country, need greater access to foreign markets in order to compete. Put simply, they are not going to get that access without TPA. 
So for the sake of the thousands of 
Utah companies that export goods around the world and the tens of thou-sands of Utahns whose jobs depend on those exports—and for the hundreds of thousands of companies all over this country and more—I urge my col-leagues to join me one more time in supporting our TPA legislation. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The remarks of Mr. G
RASSLEY per-
taining to the introduction of S. 1648 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under 
‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 5 p.m. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 4 p.m., re-
cessed until 5 p.m. and reassembled when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Ms. A
YOTTE ). 
f 
DEFENDING PUBLIC SAFETY EM-
PLOYEES’ RETIREMENT ACT— Continued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin. JASON SIMCAKOSKI MEMORIAL OPIOID SAFETY  
ACT 
Ms. BALDWIN. Madam President, I 
rise not to speak about an issue that divides this Chamber but rather one that unites us; that is, the care of those who have served and sacrificed for our Nation, America’s veterans. 
Today, I take great pride in the fact 
I have worked across the aisle to intro-duce bipartisan VA reform legislation, the Jason Simcakoski Memorial Opioid Safety Act. I am pleased to be joined in offering this legislation by my friend and colleague Senator C
APITO of West 
Virginia. 
This legislation is aimed at address-
ing the problem of overprescribing practices at the VA and providing safer and more effective pain management services to our Nation’s veterans. It is named in honor of a Wisconsin veteran, U.S. Marine veteran Jason Simcakoski. 
On August 30, 2014, Jason tragically 
died at Wisconsin’s Tomah Veterans Affairs Medical Center as a result of what was medically deemed mixed- drug toxicity. I call this a failure to serve someone who has faithfully served our country. 
At the time of his death at the VA, 
Jason was on 14 different prescription drugs. Yet this Marine’s heartbreaking story is just one example of the over-prescribing problem at the VA. 
After two, decade-long, wars, a large 
number of our servicemembers are coming home with the damage of com-bat, and our veterans and their fami-lies are facing the difficult challenge of physical injuries, PTSD, and other mental illnesses. 
Unfortunately, I believe the VA’s 
overreliance on powerful and highly ad-dicting opioids has resulted in getting our veterans hooked rather than get-ting them help. Jason’s story is a trag-ic example of the devastation caused by addiction—addiction whose roots are, regrettably, at the VA. 
To me, overprescription of opioids at 
the VA is a root problem, and it is growing into a weed—a weed of addic-tion whose impact is being felt beyond the walls of VA facilities. The ripples are indeed being felt across America in the communities we work for every day in our Nation’s Capital. 
The families whom we have a respon-
sibility to represent—families of those who have bravely served our country— are struggling with the loss of a son or a daughter, a father or a mother, a sis-ter or a brother to addiction whose root is planted within the VA system. It is our job to make sure they do not feel alone, and I believe we have a shared responsibility to do everything we can to pull out this weed by its roots. 
Jason’s family is in Washington 
today, and I am so honored to have worked with them and others in put-ting these reforms together to provide the VA with the tools it needs to help prevent this type of tragedy from oc-curring to other veterans and their families. I what to thank the Simcakoski fam-
ily and let them know I have a tremen-dous amount of respect for the courage they have shown in telling theirs and Jason’s story and working to make a difference in the lives of other veterans and their families. 
Their story is one of a sacred trust 
we must have with our veterans and their families. It is a story of how that trust has been broken, and it is a tragic story of loss. 
My message to my colleagues comes 
from Jason’s widow Heather, who has said: 
When I look back at the past, I want to 
know we made a difference. I want to believe we have leaders in our country who care. I want to inspire others to never give up be-cause change is possible. 
Her words have inspired me, and it is 
my hope they will inspire my col-leagues to join us in taking action. I hope I speak for all of us when I say there is no room for politics when it comes to ensuring that our Nation’s veterans receive the timely, safe, and highest quality care that they have earned. 
Our legislation takes steps to give 
veterans and their families a stronger voice in their care by strengthening opioid prescribing guidelines and other measures. It also works to improve co-ordination and communication throughout the VA and puts in place stronger oversight and accountability for the quality of care we are providing our veterans. 
Our goal is simple: put these bipar-
tisan reforms in place to prevent trage-dies like Jason’s from occurring to other veterans and their families. 
I wish to thank and recognize Sen-
ators B
LUMENTHAL , B ROWN , H IRONO , 
JOHNSON , K AINE, M ANCHIN , M ARKEY , 
MORAN , MURRAY , SANDERS , and T ESTER  
for joining Senator C APITO and me, 
signing on as original cosponsors of this bipartisan effort. I also wish to thank the many veterans service orga-nizations and medical professionals for their invaluable support, insight, and input as we crafted this legislation. 
Today, I ask the rest of my col-
leagues to join us in working to con-front the problems of overprescribing practices at the VA and to provide more safe and effective pain manage-ment services to our Nation’s veterans. 
Let us work together to fix what has 
been broken and restore that sacred trust with our veterans and their fami-lies. Let us work together to give our veterans and their families a voice—a voice that is heard, respected, and rec-ognized. Let us be inspired by that voice to take bipartisan action on solu-tions to prevent these problems and tragedies from ever happening again and to provide our veterans and their families with the care they have earned and the care they deserve. 
Madam President, I yield time to my 
coauthor on this bill Senator C
APITO . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia. 
Mrs. CAPITO. Madam President, I 
come here before you today, joined by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JN6.041 S23JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4540 June 23, 2015 
my colleague Senator B ALDWIN from 
Wisconsin—but also by colleagues from both sides of the aisle, as she men-tioned—in support of legislation to pro-vide safer and more effective pain man-agement to our Nation’s veterans. 
Too many of our veterans have re-
turned from overseas duties only to fight another battle here at home. The Jason Simcakoski Memorial Opioid Safety Act takes the necessary steps to address challenges faced by our vet-erans. 
Again, I thank the Simcakoskis for 
their bravery and courage, as painful as it is for the family, in hopes that it will help—and it will help—the next generation of veterans who are being treated at the VA. 
This bill reforms the overreliance on 
painkillers by the VA while still ensur-ing that veterans receive appropriate medication. This legislation not only updates and strengthens the guidelines for opioid prescriptions, but it requires the Department of Veterans Affairs to expand the scope of research, edu-cation, delivery, and integration of al-ternative pain management. Chronic pain should not be something our vet-erans are forced to live with, and the VA must be on the cutting edge of de-veloping effective pain management. 
This bill will elevate the role of pa-
tient advocates—as I am sure Jason’s wife was a great patient advocate—re-quire community meetings hosted by the VA, and establish a joint DOD-VA working group to improve coordination and communication at all levels of gov-ernment. 
In an era where medical research and 
technological advancements have led to at least a 90-percent survival rate for our wounded soldiers, we must con-tinue to focus on the battles our vet-erans face when they return home, in-cluding treatment of those wounds that are not evidently visible. 
One marine in my hometown, Andrew 
White, returned home to West Virginia after serving in Iraq. Andrew displayed signs of PTSD, including insomnia, nightmares, constant restlessness, and pain related to an injury. In addition to antidepressant and antianxiety pills, doctors placed Andrew on a strong antipsychotic drug and, over time, in-creased his dosage from 25 milligrams to 1600 milligrams—more than twice the dosage recommended to treat schiz-ophrenia. Andrew White died in his sleep at the age of 23. 
Andrew is a reminder of the physical 
and mental side effects of the war. We must work together to provide the re-sources and care necessary to assist our veterans in their transition into ci-vilian life. 
Expansion of the Opioid Safety Ini-
tiative and further development of the opioid therapy risk support tool will do just that. These measures will enable the VA to use the patient record data-base to detect those at higher risk of opioid abuse and submit information to the State prescription drug monitoring programs. We really need all hands on deck. This real-time tracking of infor-
mation will enable medical profes-sionals to better diagnose and treat pa-tients. 
This legislation calls for more ac-
countability within the VA through in-ternal audits, reports to Congress, and increased information sharing. We can-not allow bureaucracy to get in the way of delivering quality care to vet-erans, and we must prioritize the effi-cient delivery of care. 
In my home State of West Virginia, 
the tragic effects of opioid abuse have left families devastated. I have met with other families who lost their loved ones who suffered from PTSD and traumatic brain injury, and I believe more can be done to find solutions. 
It is incumbent upon us in a bipar-
tisan way, as my colleague has said, to do right by our veterans. I wish to thank Senator B
ALDWIN . I have been at 
committee meeting after committee meeting with her where she has pounded the drum on the importance of this issue and how devastating it is to families across this country. I thank Senator B
ALDWIN . 
Our best is not just the least we can 
do. It is our duty to those who have served, of whom we have asked so much, to do more than our best, and this bill does that. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. 
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to address the Sen-ate as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
DATA BREACH AT OPM  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, earlier 
today the Financial Services and Gen-eral Government Appropriations Sub-committee, of which I am a member, conducted a hearing on the data secu-rity breach at the Office of Personnel Management. I am a member of that subcommittee, and we had several wit-nesses, including OPM Director Archuleta. Our goal was to learn about the latest data breach that was re-vealed earlier this month. 
I think that in many ways the hear-
ing was useful and in other ways it was inadequate. The hearing once again demonstrated that much more needs to be done to address the ongoing IT man-agement issues which plague so many agencies but in particular OPM. 
As our witnesses testified, the recent 
breach—and really, it is breaches—at OPM was not a resource issue but a management issue. Too often—and I certainly understand that how we ap-propriate money is important—the ex-cuse is we don’t have enough resources. Today, in my view, it was made clear 
that this is much more of a manage-ment issue than a resource issue. 
As Director Archuleta said in her 
confirmation hearing as well as in to-day’s hearing, IT security was her top priority when she entered the agency in November of 2013. But what has transpired since then has been trou-bling. She reminded me today that in her confirmation hearing—IT data se-curity was her top priority when she arrived at the agency in late 2013. 
Ms. Archuleta highlighted the fact 
that in March of 2014, OPM detected a sophisticated attack targeting sen-sitive information. While the hackers didn’t get information in that par-ticular instance, this should have been the first alarm to go off that somebody was trying to get access to very sen-sitive documents. 
I will reiterate what I am talking 
about in this case. This was March of 2014. We are talking about a hack at-tempt that occurred last year, not the ones that are making the news today. Unfortunately, it happened again a year ago—in June of 2014—when a com-pany that was involved in background checks for the government, U.S. Inves-tigation Services, USIS, suffered a breach impacting as many as 26,000 Federal employee records. It happened again in August of 2014—a third time. So we have March, June, and August. In August of 2014, another company in-volved in background checks, KeyPoint, was breached, and this time over 48,000 records were stolen. 
In both of these contractor breaches, 
OPM was required to send out notifica-tions to Federal employees who were affected. Clearly OPM knew about these breaches. Now we have learned that the credentials stolen in those original breaches were used to enter the OPM system and this time steal highly sensitive information. The in-formation stolen was Social Security numbers, military records, veteran sta-tus, addresses, birth dates, job and pay history, health insurance, life insur-ance, pension, age, gender, race, and union status. So these three separate examples should have been the stark warning to secure this highly sensitive data. 
When I asked the Director today 
about this topic, she merely pointed to an IT modernization plan that was drafted when she entered the agency about 20 months ago. My question was: Having seen these three attempts to breach the information at OPM, what then occurred at OPM following that which was different to further and bet-ter protect information at the Office of Personnel Management? The answer was really about pointing to a plan that was developed when the Director initially arrived at OPM some 20 months ago. 
In addition to those three breaches, if 
those were not warning enough, there were two other important reports which also could have and should have suggested that better management was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JN6.046 S23JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4541 June 23, 2015 
needed. In November 2014, the inspector 
general for OPM released its annual re-port on Federal information security. That report found that 11 of the 47 major information systems—23 per-cent—at OPM lacked proper security authorization. In fact, 5 of the 11 sys-tems were in the office of the Chief In-formation Officer, the person respon-sible for the agency’s data security. 
This morning, Ms. Archuleta was 
proud to claim that the agency had been upgraded to just ‘‘significant defi-ciency’’ with regard to its IT system, up from ‘‘material weakness.’’ And the inspector general testified this morn-ing that they had offered 29 rec-
ommendations in their November re-port, and to date only 3 of the 29 rec-ommendations had been adopted. 
In addition to the inspector general 
report in November of 2014, in Decem-ber—the following month—of 2014, the General Accounting Office, or GAO, issued a report highly critical of IT management at OPM. The report iden-tified best practices that OPM should implement to improve IT management. The report found that ‘‘OPM’s efforts to modernize retirement processing have been plagued by IT management weaknesses’’—another indication that OPM desperately needed to address IT management, which our witnesses argue is critical to ensuring agency- wide security. 
So my takeaway from this morning’s 
hearing is that all the warning signs were there. OPM was aware of the per-sistent issues. They knew about breaches to their contractors, and the agency knew they were a target. Yet the only evidence that OPM did any-thing was a plan that was written in the first 100 days of the new Director’s tenure at OPM. Planning is important, but execution matters a lot more. 
We still need lots of answers as to 
what OPM did following those original breaches last year. What security plan did they put in place? Have they identi-fied which information to secure? How did they secure these documents? Were they effective in preventing other at-tacks? How often did the OPM Director and the CIO, the Chief Information Of-ficer, meet and what were their discus-sions? 
I am encouraged to know that our Fi-
nancial Services and General Govern-ment Appropriations Subcommittee in-tends to have another hearing, and this time we will have the opportunity to present it in a secured setting so that no one can indicate that they are in-capable of answering the question be-cause of security issues. I look forward 
to that hearing. However, I will tell my colleagues that it is discouraging to know what I now know, and it is a dis-couraging time for IT security and the Federal Government. 
I hope we can use this as a lesson for 
other agencies that they need to be vigilant. We face real and serious threats. Inaction by agencies put Fed-eral workers, the American people, and, most importantly, our national security at risk. In my view, this is important. These 
hearings matter. The information we are garnering and attempting to garner is important for those who are employ-ees of the Federal Government. They need to know what has transpired so they can better protect themselves. Why are they at risk because of these hacks? Secondly, and perhaps more im-portantly, we need to know what has transpired here. Processes need to be in place to prevent additional challenges to our information technology, because it is a matter of our national security. 
So for the sake of our Federal em-
ployees and their well-being but also for the sake of the American citizens and our national security, this is not an issue that we have the opportunity to avoid. Answers need to be forth-coming and decisions need to be made system-wide—not just at OPM but throughout the entire Federal Govern-ment—as we work to protect those who work for the Federal Government and as we work to protect American citi-zens from a national security perspec-tive. 
With that, I thank the Chair for the 
opportunity to address the Senate. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
TRIBUTE TO THOMAS PARROTT 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I, as 
chairman of the Committee on Finance along with Ranking Member W
YDEN , 
recognize Thomas Parrott, a distin-guished executive at the Social Secu-rity Administration—or, SSA. Tom is currently the Assistant Deputy Com-missioner for Legislation and Congres-sional Affairs at SSA. He is a dedicated public servant who has served his coun-try for more than 40 years. 
Tom began his career at SSA in Jan-
uary 1975 as a claims representative in the Midtown Manhattan district office, before being assigned to district offices in Rochester, NY, and later in Redding, CA. He returned to his hometown of Baltimore in 1980 as a policy analyst in the predecessor office of what is cur-rently called the Office of Legislation and Congressional Affairs. Since that time, he has been in the same compo-nent office at SSA serving as the Asso-ciate Commissioner for Legislative De-velopment and Operations, as Acting Deputy Commissioner, and in his cur-rent position as the Assistant Deputy Commissioner. 
Tom is a 1972 graduate of Denison 
University in Ohio, and he completed the Federal Executive Institute’s Lead-ership for a Democratic Society pro-
gram in 2005. He was appointed in 2008, by then-SSA Commissioner Michael Astrue, to the Senior Executive Serv-ice. 
As testimony to Tom’s devotion to 
public service, prior to joining SSA, he was a VISTA volunteer and a field health inspector in western New York working with migrant farm workers in the potato and apple growing regions of the State. 
Sequences of staffers in the Finance 
Committee have had the pleasure of working with Tom on many issues re-lating to Social Security during his tenure at SSA. He has always been re-sourceful, insightful, and forthcoming. 
Tom will retire from the Social Secu-
rity Administration on July 3, 2015. He will be sorely missed by his colleagues and his many friends on the Hill. He will leave behind the numerous individ-uals he has mentored and encouraged over the years and who will now carry on this work. 
Both Ranking Member W
YDEN and I 
feel that it is important that we in Congress recognize those who devote their working lives to improving the lives of others. Career civil servants often do their work in quiet anonymity behind the scenes providing vital serv-ice to the American people. They are rarely recognized for their many con-tributions. Tom Parrott is one of those people. His record of leadership at the Social Security Administration and his commitment to providing the Amer-ican people with effective and compas-sionate service is a record of which he can be justly proud. 
Ranking Member W
YDEN and I wish 
Tom all the best in his retirement from Federal service and thank him for his many years of dedicated service. Tom will continue in many ways to serve people in his community, and we are all grateful for his efforts. We wish him all the very best in his future endeav-ors. 
f 
3RD ANNIVERSARY OF DACA 
PROGRAM 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, 
today I commemorate the 3-year anni-versary of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program, com-monly referred to as DACA. This pro-gram has played a vital role in empow-ering the Nation’s undocumented im-migrant youth population. 
Many of these young people were 
brought to the United States at a young age, through no fault of their own, and know no other home or coun-try. They are woven into the fabric of California and this country. At school, they are taught American history, cul-ture, and values. They strive to achieve the American dream. 
The DACA Program enables such 
youth to fulfill their potential and thus to maximize their contribution to their families, communities, and this coun-try. President Obama announced the DACA Program in June 2012 to protect 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JN6.048 S23JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4542 June 23, 2015 
eligible young people from deportation 
for a 2-year period, while Congress con-sidered comprehensive immigration re-form legislation. 
The Senate passed the Border Secu-
rity, Economic Opportunity, and Immi-gration Modernization Act with a strong bipartisan majority, 68 to 32. This bill would have provided a path-way to citizenship for DACA grantees and others similarly situated. But the House failed to act, and so here we are today without comprehensive immigra-tion reform. Although we have not yet succeeded in fixing our broken immi-gration system through congressional action, at least the DACA Program provides some temporary reprieve for these young immigrants so that they do not live in constant fear of deporta-tion. 
The program enables them to get 
work authorization, and thus to seek higher education and contribute to the American economy. To qualify, an in-dividual must have come to the United States when they were under 16 years of age and lived in the country con-tinuously for at least 5 years. The indi-vidual must also receive an education, pass a background check, and pay an application fee. 
The State of California is home to 
over a quarter of the estimated 1.8 mil-lion young immigrants who potentially meet the criteria of the DACA Pro-gram. Of the approximately 660,000 DACA applications that have been ap-proved since the program’s inception in 2012, about 30 percent reside in Cali-fornia. This is more than any other State. To help those who are eligible, nonprofits, religious organizations, pro bono legal networks, and other volun-teers in California and nationwide have risen to the occasion. They have helped, and continue to help, hundreds of thousands of DACA applicants to navigate the filing process. 
The benefits of DACA for these young 
individuals and for this country are un-deniable. A recent report published by the University of California, Berkeley School of Law found that 66 percent of students granted DACA noted a posi-tive change in post-graduate plans and greater hope for their future. All of the study’s participants come from low-in-come households, with 88 percent living below 150 percent of the Federal pov-erty level. Many students reported that parents could not assist them with edu-cational costs; and, in some instances, students contributed a portion of their own earnings to provide for their fami-lies. Several students had suffered the deportation of a close relative, and over a quarter had a parent or sibling with an active case in immigration court. 
Imagine the day-to-day stresses of 
being a college student: trying to excel in the classroom, paying for food and housing, and finding future employ-ment. For these students, they must also consider additional financial, psy-chological, and emotional challenges because they—despite spending their lives in this country—are undocu-
mented. The DACA Program gives these young people a measure of sta-bility so they can focus on their school work and professional growth and de-velopment, not on whether they or a loved one will be deported. The DACA Program allows them to do just that and look forward. 
The economic impacts of the 2012 
DACA Program show that the United States has much to gain from enabling eligible undocumented individuals to work lawfully within our borders. Ac-cording to the University of California, Los Angeles’ North American Integra-tion and Development Center ‘‘The DACA program of 2012–2014 appears to have spurred extraordinary growth in the earnings of DACA beneficiaries. Ac-cording to the results of two recent surveys, this wage growth surpassed 240 percent, a number that far exceeds the expectations in the literature.’’ 
All around the country, this time of 
year is punctuated by graduation cere-monies. Parents and grandparents beam as their children and grand-children earn their high school, col-lege, and graduate degrees. This year, I was one of those grandparents. My granddaughter, Eileen, graduated from Stanford, my alma mater, and I was so proud to attend the ceremony. DACA recipients and their families should have that feeling too—a feeling of hope for the future, accomplishment, and growth, and they should have it with-out fear of deportation right around the corner. That is what this is about. 
So I am pleased to commemorate the 
3-year anniversary of the DACA Pro-gram, and I very much hope we can renew our commitment to passing com-prehensive immigration reform legisla-tion. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 70TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE UNITED NATIONS 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I am 
pleased to take this opportunity to rec-ognize the 70th anniversary of the United Nations. 
As World War II came to a close, rep-
resentatives of 50 nations met in San Francisco to sign the United Nations’ founding charter, officially estab-lishing an international forum to pre-vent war, support human rights, re-spect international law, and promote social progress. These delegates hoped the creation of this new organization would prevent another devastating global conflict by addressing diplo-matic challenges and humanitarian crises around the world. 
Over the past seven decades, the 
United Nations has engaged in peace-keeping operations throughout the world, with more than 120 nations con-tributing military personnel, police, and civilians to these humanitarian ef-forts. Although there continue to be areas where armed conflict is all too prevalent, I am proud of the many suc-cesses achieved through this global mission. The United Nations has also played 
an important role in addressing the needs of the world’s most vulnerable populations by promoting health, nu-trition, and education. Through the work of the World Health Organization, the World Food Programme, and many other bodies, the United Nations has led efforts worldwide to reduce poverty and save lives. 
As United Nations Secretary-General 
Ban Ki-moon and leaders from around the world gather in San Francisco on June 26 to celebrate the 70th anniver-sary of the United Nations Charter, I want to congratulate the United Na-tions for its incredible achievements and dedicated commitment to fostering consensus, partnership, and unity among the nations of the world. 
f 
NEFFENGER CONFIRMATION 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, yester-
day I missed Senate rollcall vote No. 217, the nomination of Peter V. Neffenger, of Ohio, to be an Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security, be-cause of flight delay issues due to weather. Had I been here, I would have voted in favor of this nomination. 
I support the Senate’s confirmation 
last night of Coast Guard VADM Peter V. Neffenger who was confirmed to be the next Administrator of the Trans-portation Security Administration, TSA. 
The TSA has been without Senate- 
confirmed leadership for too long. John Pistole, the previous TSA Adminis-trator, announced on October 16, 2014, that he would be resigning in Decem-ber. Since the end of 2014, the TSA Ad-ministrator position has been vacant. In January, I along with Ranking Member N
ELSON , and Senators A YOTTE , 
CANTWELL , and F ISCHER , called on 
President Obama to send us a qualified, experienced, and dedicated individual to serve as TSA Administrator. Unfor-tunately, President Obama did not nominate Admiral Neffenger until April 28, 2015, over 6 months after John Pistole informed the administration that he would be leaving. I was dis-appointed at the length of time it took for the President to send us a qualified nominee. Even the New York Times editorial page, normally quite deferen-tial to the President, expressed the opinion that ‘‘the Obama Administra-tion has been disturbingly slow to give the TSA strong leadership at the top.’’ 
By comparison, the Senate has very 
rapidly moved the Neffenger nomina-tion, despite two separate committees being involved with his formal vetting. Since the TSA was transferred to the Department of Homeland Security, the Senate has abided by an understanding that TSA Administrator nominees would be vetted by the Commerce Com-mittee, which has primary jurisdiction over TSA, and also by the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, which oversees the Depart-ment of Homeland Security where TSA is organizationally housed. Some could 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JN6.040 S23JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4543 June 23, 2015 
say that this protocol could lend itself 
to unnecessary delay. However, Admi-ral Neffenger received three votes in less than 3 weeks, first by the Com-merce Committee on June 4, 2015, the second one on June 15, 2015, by the Homeland Security Committee, and last night when he was confirmed by a vote of 81 to 1. So the Senate has moved swiftly to confirm this impor-tant nomination, in comparison to the time the Obama administration has taken to send the Senate a qualified nominee. 
While I am disappointed at the 
length of time it took for the President to send the Senate a qualified nominee, I applaud the President’s selection of Admiral Neffenger to be the next TSA Administrator. Admiral Neffenger has served ably and well for 34 years in the U.S. Coast Guard, rising through the ranks to become the Vice Commandant when the Senate confirmed him last year for that distinguished position. 
During an assignment to Mobile, AL, 
he helped to lead the multi-agency re-sponse to the 1993 Amtrak Sunset Lim-ited train derailment into a remote wa-terway in the Mobile River Delta, which killed 47 people. Admiral Neffenger also has substantial experi-ence serving right here in the Senate, having been a Coast Guard fellow and detailee for 3 years at the Senate Ap-propriations Committee. 
Admiral Neffenger also served as 
Deputy National Incident Commander for the Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill. In that role, Admiral Neffenger coordi-nated and led over 50,000 people from Federal, State, and local agencies, trib-al representatives, non-governmental organizations, and the private sector throughout five Gulf Coast States in the clean-up and response effort. Clear-ly, Admiral Neffenger has the requisite background and experience to lead re-forms at the TSA. 
Admiral Neffenger has proven him-
self as a leader, and the TSA is an agency in dire need of strong, capable leadership. In May, the Department of Homeland Security’s Inspector General testified in the House of Representa-tives that, ‘‘[u]nfortunately, although nearly 14 years have passed since TSA’s inception, we remain deeply concerned about its ability to execute its impor-tant mission.’’ Then, earlier this month, news broke that undercover in-vestigators from the Inspector Gen-eral’s office had penetrated TSA secu-rity checkpoints while carrying illegal weapons or simulated bombs on 67 of 70 attempts. In other words, TSA failed 95 percent of the time to prevent illegal weapons or simulated bombs from being smuggled through TSA security checkpoints. This is unacceptable, and it is clear that the Inspector General is right to be concerned about TSA’s abil-ity to execute its important mission in a rapidly changing threat environment. 
TSA has also experienced a number 
of other troubling failures about which I have written to the agency. I have been concerned about the TSA’s over-sight of Secure Identification Display 
Area, SIDA, badges at the Nation’s air-ports. In December 2014, it was revealed that a Delta ramp agent in Atlanta al-legedly used his SIDA badge to bypass TSA security and facilitate an inter-state gun smuggling operation via commercial aircraft. TSA’s response to my letter of inquiry about its oversight of SIDA badges stated that TSA does not issue or manage SIDA badges and that this responsibility falls to airport operators—which raised even more con-cerns about TSA’s awareness about lost SIDA badges at our Nation’s air-ports. 
Another issue I have raised with TSA 
relates to the potential security gaps in its PreCheck initiative raised in re-ports by the inspector general. On Jan-uary 28, 2015, the inspector general re-leased an unclassified summary of a classified report concluding that PreCheck is a positive step towards risk-based security screening as a con-cept, but that TSA needs to modify its PreCheck vetting and screening proc-esses and improve its PreCheck com-munication and coordination. The De-partment of Homeland Security Office of the Inspector General report also stated that, ‘‘TSA did not concur with all recommendations and all rec-ommendations remain open.’’ 
In response to the conclusions and 
recommendations, I wrote to TSA along with Ranking Member N
ELSON on 
March 25, 2015, asking a series of ques-tions about potential security gaps in TSA PreCheck. TSA responded to this letter on April 14, 2015, but the issue of potential security gaps in PreCheck and other expedited screening initia-tives must still be addressed as TSA seeks to continue these initiatives, let alone expand them. 
Admiral Neffenger’s proven leader-
ship throughout the course of his serv-ice in the U.S. Coast Guard will un-doubtedly afford valuable perspective in his role as TSA Administrator. Ad-miral Neffenger understands the need for TSA to continuously evolve to meet the challenges presented by an ever- changing threat environment. Obvi-ously, the TSA is an agency that needs a strong leader who will bring cultural change to the agency. I am hopeful that Admiral Neffenger can be a leader who can fundamentally reform the 
TSA. He has a heavy burden, but I be-lieve he is capable of shouldering that burden and I pledge to work with him and my colleagues here in the Senate to see that those changes occur. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING ARKANSAS ELEC-
TRIC COOPERATIVE VOLUN-TEERS 
∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today 
I wish to recognize the work of 12 power linemen from nine electric co-operatives in Arkansas for their work to bring reliable electricity to citizens in Guatemala. The Arkansas linemen dedicated 
more than 2 weeks to completely change the lives of more than 1,390 residents in 2 villages in rural Guate-mala—Jolom I’Jix and Zapotal. Through construction activities such as installation of poles, distribution transformers, household connections, and meters, these volunteers extended the electric distribution system 4 miles, connecting homes to an electric grid powered by a small hydroelectric plant. 
Since 2013, Electric Cooperatives of 
Arkansas volunteers have worked to improve the lives of Guatemalans by providing electricity. The significance of this project stretches to impact nu-merous aspects of daily life for these residents. Electricity is a critical ele-ment in improving the quality of life and to providing health care, edu-cation, access to clean water, and eco-nomic growth. Equipped with this new-found source of electricity, hope for a brighter future exists for subsistence farmers whose main worry is simply providing food for their family. 
This effort, funded by participating 
co-ops and supporters in Arkansas, continues the State’s storied history of making an impact. By being a beacon of good for these villagers, the linemen were able to engrave a lasting impact, which will help future generations of Guatemalans. 
I offer my sincere gratitude to all 
those who contributed to make a dif-ference for those who are truly in need. Doug Evans, Will Glover, Kyle Metcalf, Andy Caywood, Michael Counts, Andy Ward, Brent Hufstedler, Kirk Kempson, Joey Burk, Kris Rankin, Paul Garrison and Ryan Hayes, thank you for your dedication and service to helping con-nect citizens of Guatemala to electric service. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING ALAN LEVIN 
∑Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, it is 
with great pleasure that I rise on be-half of the Delaware Delegation to honor the exemplary service of Alan Levin, director of the Delaware Eco-nomic Development Office, upon his re-tirement. Alan became director in Jan-uary 2009 and continued to serve with distinction in that capacity for 6 years. He assumed that position at a time when tens of thousands of Delawareans were losing their jobs, and the State’s top priority was putting them back to work. Throughout this tumultuous time, he has been a tremendous leader and true advocate for the State. 
Alan has a lifetime of experience 
when it comes to knowing what it takes to make a business successful. In 1987, he took over Delaware’s home-grown pharmacy chain Happy Harry’s, the business his father started, and grew it to become an iconic brand with 76 stores throughout the state. Prior to taking over the family business, he worked for United States Senator Bill Roth as his executive assistant and counsel. He is a graduate of Tulane 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JN6.030 S23JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4544 June 23, 2015 
University and Widener University 
Law School. 
When Delaware Governor Jack 
Markell tapped him to head the Dela-ware Economic Development Office, unemployment in Delaware was soar-ing. The State’s automotive plants were shuttering, and the State’s major oil refinery announced plans to idle op-erations. Alan got straight to work, and over the next 6 years, the Delaware Economic Development Office awarded more than $213 million in job creation grants and loans to corporations through its strategic fund, and courted big firms such as Amazon, Barclays, Capitol One, JP Morgan Chase, Kraft Foods, Purdue and Sallie Mae to ex-pand its current operations or relocate to Delaware. Alan was also instru-mental in reopening the shuttered Delaware City Oil Refinery, putting hundreds of people back to work at one of the State’s most significant indus-trial sites. 
Alan has been lauded as a bold risk- 
taker whose experience and innovative planning has helped Delaware have the fastest job growth in the Mid-Atlantic over the last 2 years. He can also be credited with helping to level the play-ing field for minority, women, and vet-eran business owners, as well as those with disabilities. On behalf of Senator C
HRIS COONS and Congressman J OHN 
CARNEY , I wholeheartedly thank Alan 
Levin for his service to the State of Delaware. His model leadership and dedication has improved the quality of life for countless residents and busi-nesses in our great State. We offer our sincere congratulations on a job well done, and wish him and his wife Ellen, their children Andrew, Daniel and Jason, and their granddaughter Han-nah, many happy, healthy and success-ful years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DETECTIVE COR-
PORAL MARK W. THALHAMMER 
∑Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I wish 
to honor Mark W. Thalhammer, Pueb-lo, CO, police detective corporal, and recognize his retirement after 34 years of service to his community and to his country. Detective Thalhammer has served with distinction in a variety of roles for the Pueblo Police Depart-ment. During his tenure, Detective Thalhammer has served as a police of-ficer, a criminal investigator, a nar-cotics enforcement officer assigned to a U.S. Drug Enforcement Administra-tion multiagency drug task force, a gang reinforcement detective, a felon enforcement officer, and a tactical offi-cer assigned to high-risk law enforce-ment endeavors. His dedication to law enforcement for more than three dec-ades has left an indelible mark on the community, the country, and the Pueb-lo Police Department. 
Please join me in honoring Pueblo 
Police Department Detective Corporal Thalhammer for his devotion to his community and our State’s law en-forcement profession. His years of cou-rageous service and commitment de-
serve great recognition and admira-tion. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 10:02 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House agrees to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 644) to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to permanently ex-tend and expand the charitable deduc-tion for contributions of food inven-tory, with an amendment, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate, and agrees to the amendment of the Senate to the title of the bill. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following bill was read the sec-
ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 160. An act to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–2026. A communication from the Regu-
latory Liaison, Office of Natural Resources Revenue, Department of the Interior, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Indian Oil Valuation Amend-ments’’ (RIN1012–AA15) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 17, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
EC–2027. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Summary of Bene-fits and Coverage and Uniform Glossary’’ ((RIN1545–BM53) (TD 9724)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 22, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee 
on Appropriations, without amendment: 
S. 1645. An original bill making appropria-
tions for the Department of the Interior, en-vironment, and related agencies for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–70). 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. BLUNT: 
S. 1643. A bill to require a report on actions 
to secure the safety and security of dis-sidents housed at Camp Liberty, Iraq; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. CRAPO (for himself and Ms. 
S
TABENOW ): 
S. 1644. A bill to permanently extend the 
private mortgage insurance tax deduction; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. 1645. An original bill making appropria-
tions for the Department of the Interior, en-vironment, and related agencies for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Ap-propriations; placed on the calendar. 
By Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. 
B
ROWN ): 
S. 1646. A bill to amend the FAA Mod-
ernization and Reform Act of 2012 to make a technical correction relating to the amend-ments made by Public Law 113–243; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. INHOFE (for himself, Mrs. 
B
OXER , Mr. V ITTER , and Mr. C ARPER ): 
S. 1647. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to authorize funds for Federal- aid highways and highway safety construc-tion programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and 
Mr. G
ARDNER ): 
S. 1648. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to create a sustainable future for rural healthcare; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself and Mr. 
FLAKE ): 
S. 1649. A bill to amend the Intermodal 
Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 to designate the Sonoran Corridor con-necting Interstate 19 to Interstate 10 south 
of the Tucson International Airport, as a fu-ture part of the Interstate System; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and 
Mr. R
OBERTS ): 
S. 1650. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to make changes to the Medicare home health face-to-face encounter requirements; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Ms. W ARREN , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. V ITTER , Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. R EED, 
Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. 
UDALL , and Mr. H ELLER ): 
S. 1651. A bill to amend title II of the So-
cial Security Act to repeal the Government pension offset and windfall elimination pro-visions; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. C
OR-
NYN, Mrs. S HAHEEN , and Ms. M IKUL-
SKI): 
S. 1652. A bill to designate an existing Fed-
eral officer to coordinate efforts to secure the release of United States persons who are hostages of hostile groups or state sponsors of terrorism, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. CASSIDY: 
S. 1653. A bill to amend the Patient Protec-
tion and Affordable Care Act to enhance ac-cess for independent agents and brokers to information regarding marketplace enroll-ment; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. D
URBIN , 
Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , and 
Mr. L EAHY ): 
S. 1654. A bill to prevent deaths occurring 
from drug overdoses; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JN6.005 S23JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4545 June 23, 2015 
By Mr. RUBIO: 
S. Res. 208. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the Senate regarding the requested release of convicted terrorist Juvenal Ovidio Ricardo Palmera Pineda, also known as ‘‘Simon Trinidad’’, from prison in the United States as a part of the Colombian peace proc-ess; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. BLUNT (for himself, Mrs. 
M
CCASKILL , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. 
WICKER , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. D URBIN , Mr. K IRK, Mr. S CHUMER , 
and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ): 
S. Res. 209. A resolution designating the 
Ulysses S. Grant Association as the organi-zation to implement the bicentennial cele-bration of the birth of Ulysses S. Grant, Civil War General and 2-term President of the United States; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. ENZI (for himself and Mr. B
AR-
RASSO ): 
S. Res. 210. A resolution celebrating the 
125th anniversary of the State of Wyoming; considered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 71 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 71, a bill to preserve open competition and Federal Government neutrality towards the labor relations of Federal Government contractors on Federal and federally funded construc-tion projects. 
S. 163 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 163, a bill to establish a grant pro-gram to help State and local law en-forcement agencies reduce the risk of injury and death relating to the wan-dering characteristics of some children with autism and other disabilities. 
S. 238 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
238, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to authorize the Director of the Bureau of Prisons to issue oleo-resin capsicum spray to officers and employees of the Bureau of Prisons. 
S. 267 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 267, a bill to authorize the transfer of certain items under the con-trol of the Omar Bradley Foundation to the descendants of General Omar Bradley. 
S. 298 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 298, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to provide States with the option of providing services to children with medically complex conditions under the Medicaid program and Children’s Health Insurance Program through a care coordination program focused on improving health outcomes for chil-dren with medically complex condi-tions and lowering costs, and for other 
purposes. 
S. 313 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ), the Senator from 
Nevada (Mr. H ELLER ) and the Senator 
from New York (Mr. S CHUMER ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 313, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to add physical therapists to the list of providers allowed to utilize locum tenens arrangements under Medicare. 
At the request of Mr. C
ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 313, supra. 
S. 314 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
314, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for cov-erage under the Medicare program of pharmacist services. 
S. 352 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 352, a bill to amend section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemp-tion from the individual health cov-erage mandate, and for other purposes. 
S. 370 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
370, a bill to require breast density re-porting to physicians and patients by facilities that perform mammograms, and for other purposes. 
S. 429 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 429, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide a standard definition of therapeutic fos-ter care services in Medicaid. 
S. 439 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 439, a bill to end discrimi-nation based on actual or perceived sexual orientation or gender identity in public schools, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 491 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 491, a bill to lift the trade em-bargo on Cuba. 
S. 498 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 498, a bill to allow reci-procity for the carrying of certain con-cealed firearms. 
S. 578 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. SCHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
578, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 613 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 613, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to improve the efficiency of summer meals. 
S. 684 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name 
of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K ING) 
was added as a cosponsor of S. 684, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of serv-ices for homeless veterans, and for other purposes. 
S. 689 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
689, a bill to provide protections for certain sports medicine professionals who provide certain medical services in a secondary State. 
S. 704 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
names of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) and the Senator from 
Nevada (Mr. H ELLER ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 704, a bill to establish a Community-Based Institutional Spe-cial Needs Plan demonstration pro-gram to target home and community- based care to eligible Medicare bene-ficiaries. 
S. 786 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the names of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) and the Senator 
from New York (Mr. S CHUMER ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 786, a bill to provide paid and family medical leave benefits to certain individuals, and for other purposes. 
S. 827 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
827, a bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to ensure the integrity of voice communications and to pre-vent unjust or unreasonable discrimi-nation among areas of the United States in the delivery of such commu-nications. 
S. 890 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 890, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide con-sistent and reliable authority for, and for the funding of, the Land and Water Conservation Fund to maximize the ef-fectiveness of the Fund for future gen-erations, and for other purposes. 
S. 891 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
names of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) and the Senator from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JN6.012 S23JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4546 June 23, 2015 
Ohio (Mr. P ORTMAN ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 891, a bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to facilitate the ad-ministration and enforcement of anti-dumping and countervailing duty or-ders, and for other purposes. 
S. 901 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
901, a bill to establish in the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs a national center for research on the diagnosis and treatment of health conditions of the descendants of veterans exposed to toxic substances during service in the Armed Forces that are related to that exposure, to establish an advisory board on such health conditions, and for other purposes. 
S. 928 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was withdrawn as a cospon-
sor of S. 928, a bill to reauthorize the World Trade Center Health Program and the September 11th Victim Com-pensation Fund of 2001, and for other purposes. 
At the request of Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 928, supra. 
S. 1119 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) and the Senator 
from Oregon (Mr. M ERKLEY ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 1119, a bill to estab-lish the National Criminal Justice Commission. 
S. 1143 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1143, a bill to make the au-thority of States of Washington, Or-egon, and California to manage Dunge-ness crab fishery permanent and for other purposes. 
S. 1252 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1252, a bill to authorize a com-prehensive strategic approach for United States foreign assistance to de-veloping countries to reduce global poverty and hunger, achieve food and nutrition security, promote inclusive, sustainable, agricultural-led economic growth, improve nutritional outcomes, especially for women and children, build resilience among vulnerable pop-ulations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1324 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1324, a bill to require the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Pro-tection Agency to fulfill certain re-quirements before regulating standards of performance for new, modified, and reconstructed fossil fuel-fired electric utility generating units, and for other purposes. S. 1362 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1362, a bill to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to clarify waiver authority regarding programs of all-inclusive care for the elderly (PACE programs). 
S. 1383 
At the request of Mr. P ERDUE , the 
names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) and the Senator from New 
Hampshire (Ms. A YOTTE ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1383, a bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to subject the Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection to the reg-ular appropriations process, and for other purposes. 
S. 1461 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1461, a bill to provide for the extension of the enforcement instruc-tion on supervision requirements for outpatient therapeutic services in crit-ical access and small rural hospitals through 2015. 
S. 1495 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1495, a bill to curtail the use of changes in mandatory programs affect-ing the Crime Victims Fund to inflate spending. 
S. 1507 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1507, a bill to amend section 217 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to modify the visa waiver program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1513 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1513, a bill to reauthorize the Second Chance Act of 2007. 
S. 1524 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1524, a bill to enable concrete ma-sonry products manufacturers to estab-lish, finance, and carry out a coordi-nated program of research, education, and promotion to improve, maintain, and develop markets for concrete ma-sonry products. 
S. 1611 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1611, a bill to authorize appropria-tions for the Coast Guard for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1617 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , her 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1617, a bill to prevent Hizballah and as-sociated entities from gaining access to international financial and other in-
stitutions, and for other purposes. 
At the request of Mr. R
UBIO, the 
names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator 
from Idaho (Mr. C RAPO ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1617, supra. 
S. 1618 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the 
name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1618, a bill to reallocate Federal Gov-ernment-held spectrum for commercial use, to promote wireless innovation and enhance wireless communications, and for other purposes. 
S. 1640 
At the request of Mr. S ESSIONS , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1640, a bill to amend the Immi-gration and Nationality Act to improve immigration law enforcement within the interior of the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 200 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. Res. 200, a resolution wishing His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama a happy 80th birthday on July 6, 2015, and rec-ognizing the outstanding contributions His Holiness has made to the pro-motion of nonviolence, human rights, interfaith dialogue, environmental awareness, and democracy. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself 
and Mr. G ARDNER ): 
S. 1648. A bill to amend title XVIII of 
the Social Security Act to create a sus-tainable future for rural healthcare; to the Committee on Finance. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I 
come to the floor today to discuss a bill I am introducing, the Rural Emer-gency Acute Care Hospital Act, or REACH Act. 
Since January 2010, 55 rural hospitals 
have closed their doors. It is even more troubling that the pace of rural hos-pital closures appears to be accel-erating. 
As you can see from this chart, the 
number of hospital closures has in-creased each year over the past 5 years. These closures are creating a health care crisis for hundreds of thousands of Americans across the country. 
The REACH Act will create a new 
rural hospital model under Medicare that will enable struggling rural hos-pitals to keep their doors open and maintain the most critical hospital service: emergency medicine. 
When a rural hospital closes, the 
community loses the lifesaving capa-bilities of the emergency room. Ac-cording to the National Conference of State Legislatures, 60 percent of trau-ma deaths in the United States occur in rural areas. After a traumatic event, access to an emergency room within 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JN6.013 S23JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4547 June 23, 2015 
hour can make a big difference between 
life and death. 
Take, for example, Portia Gibbs from 
North Carolina. At 48, Portia suffered a heart attack 75 miles from the nearest 
emergency room. She later died while waiting for a helicopter to arrive that would have taken her over the State line to Virginia, where the closest hos-pital was located. If Portia’s heart at-tack had occurred just 1 week earlier, Portia would have been transported to a hospital in Belhaven, NC, just 30 miles away. Unfortunately, the facility in Belhaven had closed just 6 days be-fore Portia’s heart attack, citing insur-mountable financial struggles. 
Then there is the tragic story of 18- 
month-old Edith Gonzalez who choked on a grape in her hometown of Center, TX. Edith’s frantic parents rushed her to their local hospital, Shelby Regional Medical Center, only to discover that it had closed just weeks earlier. By the time little Edith arrived at the next closest hospital, she had passed away. 
While we can’t say with certainty 
that both Edith and Portia would have survived if their local hospitals had not closed, we know the earlier people ac-cess care, the better their chances are. 
The term used by emergency medical 
practitioners is the ‘‘golden hour.’’ The golden hour is the hour following a traumatic event when lifesaving inter-vention—like that which can be pro-vided in an emergency room—has the best chance of impacting survival. In other words, the longer a patient has to wait to receive emergency medical care, the lower their chances will be for survival. 
Rural hospital closures mean pa-
tients have to travel longer distances to access emergency medical care. En-suring that rural communities keep their emergency care resources could make the difference between life and death. Rural hospital closures also ex-tend beyond the loss of emergency services to include economic con-sequences for rural communities. Hos-pital closures can mean the death of a rural community. Approximately 62 million Americans live in rural areas. Rural communities play an integral role in the economic stability of this country through their invaluable con-tributions in food production, manufac-turing, and other vital industries. 
In addition to supporting the medical 
needs of those who participate in rural industry, rural hospitals also serve as the single largest employer in a rural community. The economic impacts of closing a hospital when no other hos-pital is close by are devastating. If we care about the physical and economic health of rural communities, we must make a change that will reverse the trend of accumulating rural hospital closures. 
iVantage Analytics compiled a report 
for the National Rural Health Associa-tion which identified 283 additional hospitals at risk of closure based upon performance indicators that matched those of the 53 facilities that already closed. Allow me to direct the Presiding Of-
ficer’s attention to this map. This map depicts the approximate locations of 53 of the 55 hospitals that have closed in the last 5 years. 
I would like to point out that be-
tween the printing of this chart and today, two additional rural hospitals have closed. That alone is a clear indi-cation of the problem I am trying to convey. 
Now, imagine this same map depict-
ing five times the number of hospital closures you see here. That is what is what will happen if we do not act to protect America’s rural hospitals. Fur-thermore, the loss of those additional hospitals would not only impact local economies but would also result in a $10.6 billion loss in GDP. It must change, not only for the health of rural Americans but also for the health and stability of our economy. 
Payment cuts to hospitals are one 
contributing factor to rural hospital closures. More significant, however, is the current Medicare payment struc-ture that supports rural hospitals. Today, the Medicare payment struc-ture for hospitals is focused on inpa-tient volume. Emergency rooms act as a loss leader, and income is primary generated through inpatient stays. 
A RAND study published in 2013 
found that the average cost of an inpa-tient stay is 10 times the cost of an emergency room visit. Researchers at the University of North Carolina found that many of the at-risk rural hos-pitals around the country have an av-erage of two or fewer patients admitted to a hospital on any given day. These hospitals can have up to 25 inpatient beds, and if only 2 or fewer of those beds are filled every day, that is a uti-lization rate of 8 percent or less. 
Instead of letting these facilities 
close because they do not have the needed inpatient volume to generate enough revenue, why not let go of the underutilized inpatient services in favor of sustaining life-saving emer-gency care. That is what the REACH Act does. It provides a voluntary path-way for rural hospitals to eliminate their underutilized inpatient services and ensure residents have access to emergency medical care that saves lives. A key component of the bill that allows the rural emergency hospital model to function is the requirement for these facilities to have protocols in place for the timely transfer of pa-tients who require a higher level of care or inpatient admission. 
The value of the rural emergency 
hospitals in the case of a life-threat-ening emergency will be their ability to administer lifesaving measures in order to stabilize a patient before they are transferred to a higher level of care. 
In addition to providing lifesaving 
emergency care, rural emergency hos-pitals will have the flexibility to pro-vide a wide array of outpatient serv-ices, including observation care, skilled nursing facility care, infusion services, hemodialysis, home health, 
hospice, nursing home care, population health, as well as telemedicine serv-ices. This list is not all-inclusive but is just a sample of the outpatient services rural emergency hospitals could pro-vide to their communities. The door is left open for rural emergency hospitals to design their outpatient services to match the needs of their communities. 
There are roughly 1,300 critical ac-
cess hospitals in America, including 82 in Iowa, the second most just behind Kansas. I am not suggesting that 1,300 critical access hospitals will become rural emergency hospitals. Some hos-pitals may never consider giving up their inpatient beds, others may con-sider it in the future, but some critical access hospitals need this or something like it right now. 
The rural emergency hospital model, 
with its outpatient and emergency care services, will be good for the health of rural communities and our Nation be-cause of the critical care it will provide when and where rural Americans need it. When there is a farm accident in the afternoon or a heart attack in the mid-dle of the night, that emergency room can be the difference between life and death. Medicare needs a payment pol-icy that recognizes that simple fact. 
I look forward to continuing to work 
with my cosponsor Senator G
ARDNER , 
other colleagues, and stakeholders in building a sustainable future for rural health care. 
By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Ms. 
COLLINS , Ms. W ARREN , Ms. 
HIRONO , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. 
VITTER , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , Mr. R EED, Ms. 
BALDWIN , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. 
UDALL , and Mr. H ELLER ): 
S. 1651. A bill to amend title II of the 
Social Security Act to repeal the Gov-ernment pension offset and windfall elimination provisions; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I rise 
today to address America’s retirement savings crisis. A 2013 survey conducted by the Governors of the Federal Re-serve System found that roughly 31 percent of Americans have no retire-ment savings or access to a defined- benefit pension. In addition, 19 percent of respondents nearing retirement— those aged 55 to 64—reported having zero savings or pension to rely on in the coming years. 
In light of these figures it is more 
important than ever that Congress en-sure America’s seniors have access to the Social Security benefits they have earned. Yet provisions such as the Windfall Elimination Provision, WEP, and the Government Pension Offset, GPO, prevent millions of Americans— including teachers, firefighters, and po-lice officers—from receiving their full benefits. It is time Congress repealed them. 
This afternoon, I, along with Senator 
C
OLLINS and a number of my Senate 
colleagues from both sides of the aisle, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JN6.037 S23JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4548 June 23, 2015 
introduced the Social Security Fair-
ness Act. This bipartisan bill will re-peal both the WEP and GPO provisions which Congress enacted in 1983 and 1977, respectively. In December 2014, these unfair provisions chipped away at more than 2 million Americans’ Social Security benefits. That same month, in my State of Ohio, more than 200,000 Ohioans had their Social Security ben-efits reduced because of these provi-sions. 
Over the past 35 years, fewer and 
fewer workers have been given access to defined-benefit plans, and, today, only about half of the total U.S. work-force is covered by an employer-spon-sored retirement plan. That is why So-cial Security is critical for so many. Congress should make sure that every American has access to all the Social Security benefits he or she has earned. Repealing these provisions is an impor-tant step in that direction. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in re-
pealing the WEP and GPO by cospon-soring this legislation. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise 
to speak about the Social Security Fairness Act of 2015, which I am join-ing my colleague from Ohio in intro-ducing today. This bill would repeal both the windfall elimination provi-sion, WEP, and the government pen-sion offset, GPO. We believe that these two provisions in the Social Security Act unfairly penalize certain individ-uals for holding jobs in public service when the time comes for them to re-tire. 
The WEP affects individuals who 
have worked in both the private sector and in public sector jobs for which So-cial Security taxes were not withheld. For such individuals, the WEP applies a special formula to calculate benefits, reducing them compared to what would otherwise be paid. 
The GPO affects retired public em-
ployees whose spouses are entitled to Social Security benefits. When these individuals apply for Social Security spousal or survivor benefits, the GPO applies an offset, reducing the Social Security benefit based on the amount of that individual’s public pension. In some cases, the spouse will not be enti-tled to any spousal or survivor benefit because of the GPO. 
The WEP and the GPO have enor-
mous financial implications for many of our teachers, police officers, fire-fighters, postal workers and other pub-lic employees. Given their important responsibilities, it is simply unfair to penalize them when it comes to their Social Security benefits. These public servants—or their spouses—have all paid taxes into the Social Security sys-tem. So have their employers. They have worked long enough to earn their Social Security benefits. Yet, because of the GPO and WEP, they are unable to receive all of the Social Security benefits to which they otherwise would be entitled. 
The impact of these two provisions is 
most acute in 15 States, including Maine, which have state retirement 
plans that lack a Social Security com-ponent. However, it is important to point out that the GPO and WEP affect public employees and retirees in every state, including our emergency re-sponders, other Federal employees, and postal workers. Nationwide, more than 
1⁄3of teachers and educating employees, 
and more than 1⁄5of other public em-
ployees, are affected by the GPO and/or 
the WEP. 
As of 2013, one and a half million peo-
ple were affected by the WEP and 615,000 people had their benefits re-duced by the GPO. Many more public employees across the country stand to be harmed in the future. Moreover, at a time when we should be doing all that we can to attract qualified people to public service, this reduction in retire-ment benefits makes it even more dif-ficult for our federal, state and local governments to recruit and retain the public servants who are so critical to the safety and well-being of our fami-lies. 
What is most troubling is that this 
offset is most harsh for those who can least afford the loss: lower-income women. In fact, of those affected by the GPO, more than 80 percent are women. According to the Congressional Budget Office, the GPO reduces benefits for more than 200,000 individuals by more than $3,600 a year—an amount that can make the difference between a com-fortable retirement and poverty. 
Many Maine teachers, in particular, 
have talked with me about the impact of these provisions on their retirement security. They love their jobs and the children they teach, but they worry about the future and about their finan-cial security. 
Roxie Brechlin of Bar Harbor, Maine, 
is one of many examples of the effect that the GPO and the WEP have on our teachers when they retire. Mrs. Brechlin first began paying into Social Security when she took her first sum-mer job at age 16. After graduation, she continued to pay into Social Security for 18 more years before getting her first teaching job. Mrs. Brechlin worked as a teacher for 23 years, and for 14 of those years she worked full- time at another job during the sum-mer, paying more and more into Social Security each year. 
Mr. Brechlin recently contacted my 
office to explain the effect that the WEP and GPO will have on his wife. Mrs. Brechlin recently retired. When she applied for Social Security bene-fits, the WEP applied, and her benefit was reduced by two thirds. Mr. Brechlin is more concerned about what would happen to his wife if he were to predecease her. Normally, a widow would be eligible to continue to collect 100 percent of her husband’s benefit. Mrs. Brechlin, however, would not be able to collect any survivor benefit, due to the application of the GPO. Not only does this fact worry Mr. Brechlin, he also sees it as unfair. 
It is time for us to take action, and 
I urge all of my colleagues to join us in cosponsoring the Social Security Fair-
ness Act to eliminate these two unfair provisions. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. 
DURBIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , and Mr. L EAHY ): 
S. 1654. A bill to prevent deaths oc-
curring from drug overdoses; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, today, in 
an effort to decrease the rate of drug overdose deaths, I am pleased to be joined by Senators D
URBIN , W HITE-
HOUSE , M ARKEY , and L EAHY in intro-
ducing the Overdose Prevention Act. Representative D
ONNA EDWARDS is in-
troducing this bill in the other body. 
Throughout the country, the death 
rate from drug overdoses has been rap-idly climbing. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, CDC, drug overdose death rates have more than tripled since 1990, and more than 110 Americans died each day from drug overdoses in 2011. More than half of these deaths are attributable to opioids, like prescription pain relievers or heroin. Indeed, this tragic epidemic has hit particularly hard in my home state of Rhode Island, where in 2014, 239 individuals died from drug overdoses. 
Americans aged 25 to 64 are now more 
likely to die as a result of drug over-dose than from injuries sustained in motor vehicle traffic crashes. While overdoses from illegal drugs persist as a major public health problem, fatal overdoses from prescribed opioid pain medications such as oxycodone account for more than 40 percent of all overdose deaths. 
It is clear that we must do more to 
stop these often preventable deaths. Fortunately, the drug naloxone, which has no side effects and no potential for abuse, is widely recognized as an im-portant tool to help prevent drug over-dose deaths. Naloxone can rapidly re-verse an overdose from heroin and opioid medications if provided in a timely manner. Overdose prevention programs, including those that utilize naloxone, have been credited with sav-ing more than 26,000 lives since 1996, according to the CDC. 
Opioid abuse and overdose is not an 
abstract threat found in far-off corners. It is a national public health crisis and it’s taking place right here at home in our communities and our neighbor-hoods. 
Rhode Island is taking steps to com-
bat this scourge and is leading the way in adopting innovative solutions. Through a ‘‘collaborative practice agreement,’’ some Rhode Island phar-macies are dispensing naloxone, along with training about its proper use, to anyone who walks in and requests the treatment, no prescription necessary. In addition, the Rhode Island State Po-lice carry naloxone in every cruiser. 
The Overdose Prevention Act, which 
we are introducing today, would com-plement these efforts and take impor-tant steps towards addressing this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JN6.018 S23JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4549 June 23, 2015 
issue nationally and increasing access 
to naloxone in our communities. The legislation aims to establish a com-prehensive response to this epidemic that emphasizes collaboration between state and federal officials and employs best practices from the medical com-munity, as well as programs and treat-ments that have been proven effective to combat this startling national trend. This is an emergency and it re-quires a coordinated and comprehen-sive response. 
Specifically, the bill would authorize 
the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, HHS, to award fund-ing through cooperative agreements to eligible entities—like public health agencies or community-based organiza-tions with expertise in preventing over-dose deaths. As a condition of partici-pation, an entity would use the grant to purchase and distribute naloxone, and carry out overdose prevention ac-tivities, such as educating and training prescribers, pharmacists, and first re-sponders on how to recognize the signs of an overdose, seek emergency med-ical help, and administer naloxone and other first aid. 
As rates of overdose deaths continue 
to spike, public health agencies, law enforcement, and others are struggling to keep up without clear and timely in-formation about the epidemic. There-fore, the Overdose Prevention Act would also require HHS to take steps to improve surveillance and research of drug overdose deaths, so that public health agencies, law enforcement, and community organizations have an ac-curate picture of the problem. 
It would also establish a coordinated 
federal plan of action to address this epidemic. The Overdose Prevention Act seeks to bring together first respond-ers, medical personnel, addiction treat-ment specialists, social service pro-viders, and families to help save lives and get at the root of this problem. 
I am pleased that the Overdose Pre-
vention Act has the support of the American Association of Poison Con-trol Centers, the Drug Policy Alliance, the Harm Reduction Coalition, and the Trust for America’s Health. I look for-ward to working with these and other stakeholders, as well as our cosponsors to urge the rest of our colleagues to join us in supporting this crucial legis-lation. SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 208—EX-
PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING THE RE-QUESTED RELEASE OF CON-VICTED TERRORIST JUVENAL OVIDIO RICARDO PALMERA PINEDA, ALSO KNOWN AS ‘‘SIMON TRINIDAD’’, FROM PRIS-ON IN THE UNITED STATES AS A PART OF THE COLOMBIAN PEACE PROCESS 
Mr. RUBIO submitted the following 
resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 208 
Whereas the Revolutionary Armed Forces 
of Colombia-People’s Army (Fuerzas Arma-das Revolucionarias de Colombia—Eje ´rcito 
del Pueblo (FARC-EP) is a Marxist insur-gency group engaged in a bloody civil war with the Government of Colombia; 
Whereas FARC-EP has been designated a 
Foreign Terrorist Organization by the De-partment of State since 1997; 
Whereas fighting between FARC-EP and 
the Government of Colombia has claimed hundreds of thousands of lives, including United States citizens, since 1964; 
Whereas multiple FARC-EP terrorist have 
been indicted, captured, and extradited to the United States to face trial for their crimes against United States citizens; 
Whereas Juvenal Ovidio Ricardo Palmera 
Pineda, also known as ‘‘Simon Trinidad’’, joined FARC in the 1980s and later became a rebel leader within the FARC-EP; 
Whereas, on February 13, 2003, a small 
Cessna airplane carrying 5 people including a United States pilot named Thomas Janis, a Colombian national, Luis Cruz, and 3 other United States nationals, Marc Gonsalves, Keith Stansell, and Thomas Howes, crashed in Southern Colombia; 
Whereas heavily armed FARC-EP guer-
rillas immediately surrounded the plane and brutally executed Thomas Janis and Luis Cruz, then took the other men hostage; 
Whereas, on April 27, 2003, the FARC-EP 
issued a communique ´taking credit for the 
abduction of the three United States nation-als, made demands in exchange for the re-lease of the hostages, and appointed ‘‘Simon Trinidad’’ the spokesperson and negotiator for the FARC-EP; 
Whereas ‘‘Simon Trinidad’’ was captured 
in Ecuador’s capital of Quito 8 months later on January 2, 2004; 
Whereas ‘‘Simon Trinidad’’ was convicted 
by a court in Colombia for aggravated kid-napping and rebellion and sentenced to 35 years in prison on May 4, 2004; 
Whereas ‘‘Simon Trinidad’’ was convicted 
by a United States jury of plotting to hold 3 United States nationals hostage after they were captured in Colombia, and was sen-tenced to 60 years in prison on January 28, 2008; and 
Whereas FARC-EP has reportedly named 
‘‘Simon Trinidad’’ a member of their Colom-bian peace negotiating team and made a re-quest for President Barack Obama to release him: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) opposes the FARC-EP’s requested re-
lease of Juvenal Ovidio Ricardo Palmera Pineda, also known as ‘‘Simon Trinidad’’, who was convicted by a United States jury of plotting to hold 3 United States nationals hostage after they were captured in Colom-bia, and was sentenced to 60 years in prison; (2) extends deepest sympathies to all fam-
ily members of the victims of FARC-EP atrocities; and 
(3) recognizes this type of action would 
send a negative message to terrorists groups and undermines the United States judicial system. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 209—DESIG-
NATING THE ULYSSES S. GRANT ASSOCIATION AS THE ORGANIZA-TION TO IMPLEMENT THE BICEN-TENNIAL CELEBRATION OF THE BIRTH OF ULYSSES S. GRANT, CIVIL WAR GENERAL AND 2- TERM PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES 
Mr. BLUNT (for himself, Mrs. M
CCAS-
KILL, Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. 
BROWN , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. 
KIRK, Mr. S CHUMER , and Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND ) submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 209 
Whereas Ulysses S. Grant was born in 
southern Ohio on April 27, 1822, to Jesse Grant and Hannah Simpson Grant; 
Whereas the first line of the memoirs of 
Ulysses S. Grant proudly states: ‘‘My Family is American, and has been for generations, in all its branches, direct and collateral.’’; 
Whereas Ulysses S. Grant attended school 
in Georgetown, Ohio, graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1843, and entered the United States Army; 
Whereas Ulysses S. Grant served in a vari-
ety of military posts from the Atlantic Coast to the Pacific Coast, including posts in New York, Michigan, and California, and a post at the famous Jefferson Barracks in Missouri; 
Whereas Ulysses S. Grant distinguished 
himself in combat during the Mexican-Amer-ican War and worked tirelessly to succeed in civilian life; 
Whereas, as a civilian farmer in Missouri, 
Ulysses S. Grant— 
(1) met and married his wife, Julia Dent, 
for whom Ulysses S. Grant built a home named Hardscrabble; 
(2) worked alongside slaves and emanci-
pated the only slave that Ulysses S. Grant owned; and 
(3) continued to own land while Ulysses S. 
Grant was President; 
Whereas when the Civil War erupted, Ulys-
ses S. Grant left Galena, Illinois to rejoin the United States Army, gained the colonel-cy of the 21st Illinois Volunteer Regiment, and began his meteoric military rise; 
Whereas during the Civil War, Ulysses S. 
Grant led troops in numerous victorious bat-tles including— 
(1) in Tennessee, at Forts Henry and 
Donelson and at Shiloh and Chattanooga; and 
(2) in Mississippi, at Vicksburg; 
Whereas President Abraham Lincoln chose 
Ulysses S. Grant to be Commanding General during the Civil War, and in that role Ulys-ses S. Grant revolutionized warfare in Vir-ginia to preserve the Union; 
Whereas in gratitude, the people of the 
United States twice elected Ulysses S. Grant President of the United States; 
Whereas during his Presidency from 1869 to 
1877, Ulysses S. Grant worked valiantly to help former slaves become full citizens and some prominent historians consider him to be the first modern President of the United States; 
Whereas after leaving the Presidency, 
Ulysses S. Grant became the first President of the United States to tour the world; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JN6.015 S23JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4550 June 23, 2015 
Whereas Ulysses S. Grant established a for-
eign policy that the United States followed into the 20th century and beyond; 
Whereas Ulysses S. Grant authored his 
memoirs, a significant piece of 19th-century nonfiction, while courageously battling can-cer, which eventually took his voice and his life but did not silence the noble words that he left as a legacy; 
Whereas the Ulysses S. Grant Association 
was founded during the Centennial of the Civil War in 1962 by the leading historians of that era and the Civil War Centennial Com-missions of New York, Illinois, and Ohio, 3 States where Ulysses S. Grant lived; 
Whereas, in the years since it was founded 
in 1962, the Ulysses S. Grant Association— 
(1) has produced 32 volumes of ‘‘The Papers 
of Ulysses S. Grant’’, the major source for the study of the life of Ulysses S. Grant and the 19th century in which he lived; and 
(2) has worked toward the publication of 
the first scholarly edition of the memoirs of Ulysses S. Grant, which as of May 2015, is nearing completion; 
Whereas the Ulysses S. Grant Association 
was first headquartered at the Ohio Histor-ical Society located on the campus of Ohio State University, later moved to Southern Illinois University, and relocated in 2008 to Mississippi State University; and 
Whereas in 2012, the Ulysses S. Grant Asso-
ciation established the Ulysses S. Grant Presidential Library, the world center for Ulysses S. Grant scholars and tourists: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) expresses support for the bicentennial 
celebration of the birth of Ulysses S. Grant, military leader and President; 
(2) designates the Ulysses S. Grant Asso-
ciation, housed at the Ulysses S. Grant Pres-idential Library on the grounds of Mis-sissippi State University, as the designated institution for organizing and leading the celebration of the bicentennial; and 
(3) encourages the people of the United 
States to join in that bicentennial celebra-tion to honor Ulysses S. Grant, one of the major historical figures of the United States. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 210—CELE-
BRATING THE 125TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE STATE OF WYO-MING 
Mr. ENZI (for himself and Mr. B
AR-
RASSO ) submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 210 
Whereas Wyoming became a State on July 
10, 1890; 
Whereas Wyoming, as the Equality State, 
celebrates firsts for women of Wyoming, in-cluding— 
(1) Louisa Swain, who in 1870, was the first 
woman to vote in an election in Wyoming and the United States; 
(2) Esther Hobart Morris, who in 1870, was 
the first woman in the United States to be appointed Justice of the Peace; and 
(3) Nellie Tayloe Ross, who in 1924, was the 
first woman in the United States to serve as governor; 
Whereas Wyoming celebrates several firsts 
in land conservation, including— 
(1) the first national park, Yellowstone Na-
tional Park, established in 1872; 
(2) the first national forest, Shoshone Na-
tional Forest, established in 1891; and 
(3) the first national monument, Devil’s 
Tower, established in 1906; 
Whereas Fort D.A. Russell, established in 
1867 and proclaimed by President Hoover in 1930 as F.E. Warren Air Force Base, is the oldest continuously active military installa-
tion in the Air Force, and is located west of Cheyenne, Wyoming; 
Whereas the Wyoming Air National Guard 
was established in 1946 and the Wyoming Army National Guard was established in 1970 to serve under the Wyoming Military De-partment as a federal military reserve force; 
Whereas Wyoming is among the top 5 en-
ergy producers in the United States; 
Whereas Wyoming is the largest coal pro-
ducer in the United States, producing nearly 40 percent of all coal mined in the United States and providing nearly 40 percent of all electricity generated in the United States; 
Whereas Wyoming is home to the largest 
reserves of uranium ore in the United States and produces more uranium than any other State; 
Whereas Wyoming is a leading producer of 
oil and natural gas; 
Whereas Wyoming, with one of the lowest 
tax rates in the United States, is one of the States most friendly to business; 
Whereas in 1977, Wyoming was the first 
State to establish a limited liability cor-poration (LLC) statute; 
Whereas in 1902, in Kemmerer, Wyoming, 
James Cash Penney opened his first store, the Golden Rule, which subsequently grew into the J.C. Penney chain; 
Whereas in 1968, in Cheyenne, Wyoming, 
John ‘‘Taco’’ Turner opened up the Taco House, which one year later became Taco John’s, the now popular fast food chain; 
Whereas Wyoming has 15,846 miles of fish-
ing streams and 297,633 acres of fishing lakes that support 31 species of game fish; 
Whereas Wyoming provides winter habitat 
for nearly 1,000,000 big game animals; 
Whereas the Wind River Indian Reserva-
tion in Wyoming is home to the Eastern Sho-shone and Northern Arapaho tribes; 
Whereas since 1897, Wyoming has cele-
brated cowboy heritage at Cheyenne Fron-tier Days, the largest outdoor rodeo in the world; and 
Whereas in 2010, Wyoming was the first 
State to adopt an official State code of eth-ics: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate commends and 
celebrates Wyoming and the people of Wyo-ming on the 125th anniversary of the State of Wyoming. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 23, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight Review of the National Flood Insurance Pro-gram.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 23, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SR–253 of the Russell Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Update on the Recalls of Defective Takata Air Bags and NHTSA’s Vehicle Safety Ef-forts.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 23, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Nomina-tions.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 23, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a joint hearing with the Committee on the Budget entitled ‘‘Accounting for the True Cost of Regulation: Exploring the Possibility of a Regulatory Budg-et.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 23, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON CLEAN AIR AND NUCLEAR  
SAFETY  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety of the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on June 23, 2015, at 1 p.m. in room SD–406 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘The Impacts of EPA’s proposed Car-bon Regulations on Energy Costs for American Businesses, Rural Commu-nities and Families, and a legislative hearing on S. 1324.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON MULTILATERAL INTER -
NATIONAL DEVELOPMENT , MULTILATERAL IN -
STITUTIONS , AND INTERNATIONAL ECONOMIC  
AND ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations Sub-committee on Multilateral Inter-national Development, Multilateral In-stitutions, and International Eco-nomic, Energy and Environmental Pol-icy be authorized to meet during the sessions of the Senate on June 23, 2015, at 2:45 p.m. to conduct a hearing enti-tled ‘‘American Energy Exports: Oppor-tunities for U.S. Allies and U.S. Na-tional Security.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Laura Newell 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JN6.025 S23JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4551 June 23, 2015 
on my staff be granted floor privileges 
for the remainder of today’s session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
NOMINATION OF L AVERNE HORTON 
COUNCIL TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS (INFORMATION AND TECH-NOLOGY) 
NOMINATION OF DAVID J. 
SHULKIN TO BE UNDER SEC-RETARY FOR HEALTH OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following nominations en bloc: Calendar Nos. 146 and 147; that the Senate proceed to vote without in-tervening action or debate; that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further motions be in order to the nominations; that any statements re-lated to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; and that the President be 
immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the nomina-
tions. 
The legislative clerk read the nomi-
nations of LaVerne Horton Council, of New Jersey, to be an Assistant Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs (Information and Technology); and David J. Shulkin, of Pennsylvania, to be Under Secretary for Health of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs. 
VOTE ON COUNCIL NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of LaVerne Horton Council, of New Jersey, to be an Assistant Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs (Information and Technology)? 
The nomination was confirmed. 
VOTE ON SHULKIN NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of David J. Shulkin, of Pennsylvania, to be Under Secretary for Health of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs? 
The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of Executive Calendar Nos. 157 through 192 and all nominations on the Secretary’s desk in the Air Force, Army, Foreign Service, Marine Corps, and Navy; that the nominations be confirmed; that the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon 
the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be imme-
diately notified of the Senate’s actions, and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The nominations considered and con-
firmed en bloc are as follows: 
IN THE NAVY  
The following named officers for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy Reserve to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: 
To be rear admiral 
Rear Adm. (lh) Lawrence B. Jackson 
Rear Adm. (lh) Scott B. J. Jerabek Rear Adm. (lh) Luke M. McCollum 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy Reserve to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: 
To be rear admiral 
Rear Adm. (lh) Christina M. Alvarado 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy Reserve to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
Capt. Katherine A. McCabe 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy Reserve to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
Capt. Grafton D. Chase, Jr. 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy Reserve to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
Capt. Daniel V. MacInnis 
The following named officers for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy Reserve to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
Captain Alan D. Beal 
Captain Darren J. Hanson Captain Brian S. Hurley Captain Andrew C. Lennon 
The following named officers for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: 
To be rear admiral 
Rear Adm. (lh) Brian K. Antonio 
Rear Adm. (lh) Mark R. Whitney 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: 
To be rear admiral 
Rear Adm. (lh) Paul A. Sohl 
The following named officers for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: 
To be rear admiral 
Rear Adm. (lh) Nancy A. Norton 
Rear Adm. (lh) Robert D. Sharp 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: 
To be rear admiral 
Rear Adm. (lh) Terry J. Moulton 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral 
Rear Adm. (lh) Bret J. Muilenburg 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy Reserve to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: 
To be rear admiral 
Rear Adm. (lh) Mark L. Leavitt 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
Capt. Ann M. Burkhardt 
The following named officers for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
Capt. James P. Downey 
Capt. Stephen F. Williamson 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
Capt. Michael W. Zarkowski 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
Capt. David G. Manero 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
Capt. Paul Pearigen 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
Capt. Anne M. Swap 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
Capt. Peter G. Stamatopoulos 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
Capt. John W. Korka 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: 
To be brigadier general 
Col. Paul E. Bauman 
IN THE ARMY  
The following named officers for appoint-
ment to the grade indicated in the United States Army under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: 
To be brigadier general 
Colonel Antonio A. Aguto, Jr. 
Colonel Maria B. Barrett Colonel James E. Bonner Colonel Jeffery D. Broadwater Colonel Xavier T. Brunson Colonel Charles H. Cleveland Colonel Douglas C. Crissman Colonel Timothy J. Daugherty Colonel Bradley K. Dreyer Colonel John R. Evans, Jr. Colonel Antonio M. Fletcher Colonel Patrick D. Frank Colonel Bradley T. Gericke Colonel Steven W. Gilland Colonel Karl H. Gingrich Colonel Williams H Graham, Jr. Colonel Charles R. Hamilton 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JN6.036 S23JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4552 June 23, 2015 
Colonel Diana M. Holland 
Colonel Gary W. Johnston Colonel Kenneth L. Kamper Colonel John S. Laskodi Colonel Donna W. Martin Colonel Joseph P. McGee Colonel Randall A. McIntire Colonel John E. Novalis, II Colonel Mark W. Odom Colonel Paul H. Pardew Colonel Thomas A. Pugh Colonel James H. Raymer Colonel John B. Richardson, IV Colonel Andrew M. Rohling Colonel Michel M. Russell, Sr. Colonel Thomas H. Todd, III Colonel Joel K. Tyler Colonel Kevin Vereen Colonel Daniel R. Walrath 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
Col. William W. Way 
The following Army National Guard of the 
United States officers for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: 
To be major general 
Brig. Gen. Michael K. Hanifan 
Brig. Gen. Daniel M Krumrei 
The following Army National Guard of the 
United States officers for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
Colonel Hugh T. Corbett 
Colonel Andrew Lawlor Colonel Roderick R. Leon Guerrero Colonel Gervasio Ortiz Lopez 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
Lt. Gen. William C. Mayville, Jr. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
The following named officers for appoint-
ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: 
To be brigadier general 
Colonel Michael S. Cederholm 
Colonel Dennis A. Crall Colonel Bradford J. Gering Colonel James F. Glynn Colonel Gregory L. Masiello Colonel David W. Maxwell Colonel Stephen M. Neary Colonel Stephen D. Sklenka Colonel Roger B. Turner, Jr. Colonel Rick A. Uribe 
IN THE ARMY  
The following Army National Guard of the 
United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
Col. Clifford B. Chick 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
Lt. Gen. John W. Hesterman, III IN THE ARMY  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
Col. Leela J. Gray 
The following Army National Guard of the 
United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: 
To be major general 
Brig. Gen. Donald B. Tatum 
The following Army National Guard of the 
United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: 
To be major general 
Brig. Gen. Timothy E. Gowen 
IN THE NAVY  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be vice admiral 
Vice Adm. William A. Brown 
IN THE ARMY  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
Maj. Gen. Ronald F. Lewis 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be general 
Lt. Gen. Robert B. Abrams 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated while serving as the Chief Defense Counsel for Military Commis-sions under the United States Constitution, article II, section 2, clause 2, and the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014, section 1037: 
To be brigadier general 
Col. John G. Baker 
N
OMINATIONS PLACED ON THE SECRETARY ’S 
DESK 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
PN521 AIR FORCE nomination of Daniel A. 
Lapostole, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 21, 2015. 
IN THE ARMY  
PN75 ARMY nominations (12) beginning 
CYNTHIA AITAHOLMES, and ending RYAN J. WANG, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of January 13, 2015. 
PN76–1 ARMY nominations (66) beginning 
DONALD W. ALGEO, and ending AMY L. H. YOUNG, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of January 13, 2015. 
PN485 ARMY nominations (37) beginning 
ROBERT B. ALLMAN, III, and ending ED-WARD J. YURUS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 14, 2015. 
PN486 ARMY nominations (54) beginning 
LYDE C. ANDREWS, and ending D012582, which nominations were received by the Sen-
ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 14, 2015. 
PN487 ARMY nomination of Elizabeth M. 
Libao, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 14, 2015. 
PN488 ARMY nomination of John J. Mor-
ris, which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of May 14, 2015. 
PN489 ARMY nomination of Christopher A. 
Wodarz, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 14, 2015. 
PN532 ARMY nomination of Karen M. 
Wrancher, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 2, 2015. 
PN533 ARMY nomination of Susan R. 
Cloft, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 2, 2015. 
IN THE FOREIGN SERVICE  
PN465–1 FOREIGN SERVICE nominations 
(102) beginning Daniel L. Angermiller, and ending Laura Merritt Stone, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of May 7, 2015. 
PN466 FOREIGN SERVICE nominations 
(478) beginning Bruce Matthews, and ending Brian Stephen Zelakiewicz, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of May 7, 2015. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
PN557 MARINE CORPS nominations (5) be-
ginning ROBERT A. PETERSEN, and ending GENE C. WYNNE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 2, 2015. 
IN THE NAVY  
PN399 NAVY nominations (2) beginning 
IAN D. BRANUM, and ending BRYAN P. HYDE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of April 20, 2015. 
PN400 NAVY nominations (10) beginning 
JOSUE M. BELLINGER, and ending DON-ALD E. MESERVE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 20, 2015. 
PN401 NAVY nominations (2) beginning 
GEORGE J. EBERLY, III, and ending DAVID GARLINGHOUSE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 20, 2015. 
PN402 NAVY nomination of Gregory K. 
Emery, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 20, 2015. 
PN403 NAVY nominations (4) beginning 
DANIEL B. COPELAND, and ending GEORGE W. LASKEY, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 20, 2015. 
PN405 NAVY nominations (63) beginning 
SCOTT W. ARNOLD, and ending KURT J. ZAHNEN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of April 20, 2015. 
PN406 NAVY nominations (14) beginning 
CHRISTOPHER P. BROWN, and ending VAN T. WENNEN, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 20, 2015. 
PN407 NAVY nominations (3) beginning 
SABRINA J. BOBKOWSKI, and ending DIANE C. LEBLANC, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 20, 2015. 
PN408 NAVY nominations (4) beginning 
KEVIN R. BOARDMAN, and ending SEAN P. MCDONALD, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 20, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JN6.020 S23JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4553 June 23, 2015 
PN409 NAVY nomination of Carl O. Pis-
tole, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 20, 2015. 
PN410 NAVY nomination of Jon E. Rugg, 
which was received by the Senate and ap-
peared in the Congressional Record of April 20, 2015. 
PN411 NAVY nominations (3) beginning 
VICTOR S. CHEN, and ending ELIZABETH A. ZIMMERMANNYOUNG, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of April 20, 2015. 
PN412 NAVY nominations (13) beginning 
DONALD W. BABCOCK, JR., and ending JOHN J. WOODS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 20, 2015. 
PN413 NAVY nominations (6) beginning 
GLEN A. DIELEUTERIO, and ending WIL-LIAM Y. PIKE, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 20, 2015. 
PN430 NAVY nominations (7) beginning 
RICHARD A. BRAUNBECK, III, and ending JEFFREY J. PRONESTI, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 30, 2015. 
PN431 NAVY nominations (3) beginning 
THURRAYA S. KENT, and ending WENDY L. SNYDER, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 30, 2015. 
PN432 NAVY nominations (6) beginning 
MICHAEL E. BIERY, and ending RICKY M. URSERY, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of April 30, 2015. 
PN433 NAVY nominations (4) beginning 
NEIL T. SMITH, and ending DOMINICK A. VINCENT, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of April 30, 2015. 
PN434 NAVY nominations (11) beginning 
JASON B. BABCOCK, and ending CHRIS-TOPHER P. SLATTERY, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 30, 2015. 
PN435 NAVY nominations (12) beginning 
NICHOLAS E. ANDREWS, and ending VIN-CENT S. TIONQUIAO, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 30, 2015. 
PN436 NAVY nominations (11) beginning 
SOWON S. AHN, and ending CRAIG M. WHITTINGHILL, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 30, 2015. 
PN437 NAVY nominations (8) beginning 
STEVEN W. CONNELL, and ending MI-CHAEL A. WHITT, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 30, 2015. 
PN439 NAVY nominations (9) beginning 
CHRISTINE J. CASTON, and ending JAMES V. WALSH, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of April 30, 2015. 
PN440 NAVY nominations (5) beginning 
MICHAEL A. HURNI, and ending ELIZA-BETH R. SANABIA, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 30, 2015. 
PN441 NAVY nominations (18) beginning 
ROBERT C. BANDY, and ending DOUGLAS L. WILLIAMS, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 30, 2015. 
PN442 NAVY nominations (12) beginning 
DOMINIC S. CARONELLO, and ending MI-CHAEL J. SUPKO, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 30, 2015. 
PN490 NAVY nominations (5) beginning 
FATMATTA M. KUYATEH, and ending MI-CHAEL J. SCARCELLA, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 14, 2015. PN491 NAVY nomination of Maregina L. 
Wicks, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 14, 2015. 
PN492 NAVY nomination of Nikki K. 
Conlin, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 14, 2015. 
PN493 NAVY nominations (20) beginning 
MICHAEL R. CATHEY, and ending ERIC H. TWERDAHL, JR., which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 14, 2015. 
PN494 NAVY nominations (50) beginning 
TERESA M. ALLEN, and ending JOON S. YUN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of May 14, 2015. 
PN495 NAVY nominations (14) beginning 
MARTIN J. ANERINO, and ending MARTHA S. SCOTTY, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 14, 2015. 
PN496 NAVY nominations (24) beginning 
DAVID J. BACON, and ending RICHARD G. ZEBER, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of May 14, 2015. 
PN497 NAVY nominations (11) beginning 
ARTHUR R. BLUM, and ending FLORENCIO J. YUZON, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of May 14, 2015. 
PN498 NAVY nominations (26) beginning 
PATRICK K. AMERSBACH, and ending NANCY V. WILSON, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 14, 2015. 
PN499 NAVY nominations (22) beginning 
CRAIG L. ABRAHAM, and ending SCOTT Y. YAMAMOTO, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 14, 2015. 
PN500 NAVY nominations (9) beginning 
CHAD M. BROOKS, and ending ROD W. TRIBBLE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of May 14, 2015. 
PN501 NAVY nomination of Heather J. 
Walton, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 14, 2015. 
PN502 NAVY nominations (2) beginning 
WILLIAM A. HLAVIN, and ending BASHON W. MANN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of May 14, 2015. 
PN534 NAVY nomination of Jacky P. 
Cheng, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 2, 2015. 
PN535 NAVY nominations (209) beginning 
CHARLES S. ABBOT, and ending DAVID G. ZOOK, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 2, 2015. 
PN536 NAVY nominations (23) beginning 
JOHN J. ANDREW, and ending MARK C. WADSWORTH, JR., which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 2, 2015. 
PN537 NAVY nominations (33) beginning 
DAVID A. BACKER, and ending SCOTT E WILLIAMS, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 2, 2015. 
PN538 NAVY nominations (16) beginning 
ANTONIO ALEMAR, and ending JOHN L. YOUNG, III, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 2, 2015. 
PN539 NAVY nominations (8) beginning 
LYLE P. AINSWORTH, and ending JUAN C. VARELA, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 2, 2015. 
PN540 NAVY nominations (4) beginning 
KARIN R. BURZYNSKI, and ending FRAN-CISCO E. MAGALLON, which nominations 
were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 2, 2015. 
PN541 NAVY nominations (12) beginning 
PAOLO CARCAVALLO, JR., and ending MATTHEW G. ZUBLIC, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 2, 2015. 
PN542 NAVY nominations (9) beginning 
SHELLEY D. CAPLAN, and ending MIKE E. SVATEK, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 2, 2015. 
PN543 NAVY nominations (28) beginning 
AUDREY G. ADAMS, and ending JOEL A. YATES, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 2, 2015. 
PN544 NAVY nominations (21) beginning 
EUGENE A. ALBIN, and ending KENYA D. WILLIAMSON, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 2, 2015. 
PN545 NAVY nominations (33) beginning 
ALLAN M. BAKER, and ending DENNIS M. ZOGG, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 2, 2015. 
PN546 NAVY nominations (46) beginning 
ROBERT E. BEATON, and ending JAMES L. WILLETT, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 2, 2015. 
PN547 NAVY nominations (24) beginning 
PAUL T. ANTONY, and ending PETER C. WAGNER, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 2, 2015. 
PN548 NAVY nominations (8) beginning 
JEFFREY M. CLARK, and ending CAROL W. WATT, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 2, 2015. 
PN549 NAVY nominations (3) beginning 
LAURA M. MUSSULMAN, and ending KEN-NETH W. WAGNER, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 2, 2015. 
PN550 NAVY nominations (16) beginning 
KERRY L. ABRAMSON, and ending IAN K. THORNHILL, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 2, 2015. 
PN551 NAVY nominations (10) beginning 
TAMBERLYNN W. BAKER, and ending ANGELIA W. THOMPSON, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of June 2, 2015. 
PN552 NAVY nominations (15) beginning 
SARAVOOT P. BAGWELL, and ending 
KATHY M. WARREN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 2, 2015. 
PN553 NAVY nominations (2) beginning 
GREGORY T. STEHMAN, and ending ROD-NEY E. TUGADE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 2, 2015. 
PN554 NAVY nominations (2) beginning 
TERRY W. EDDINGER, and ending DAVID R. GLASSMIRE, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 2, 2015. 
PN555 NAVY nominations (4) beginning 
DARYLL D. LONG, and ending MILTON W. WASHINGTON, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 2, 2015. 
PN556 NAVY nominations (439) beginning 
HOLMAN R. AGARD, and ending MARK E. ZEMATIS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 2, 2015. 
PN565 NAVY nomination of Natalie R. 
Bakan, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 4, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JN6.022 S23JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4554 June 23, 2015 
PN566 NAVY nomination of Patrick R. 
O’Mara, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 4, 2015. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
DESIGNATING THE ULYSSES S. 
GRANT ASSOCIATION AS THE OR-GANIZATION TO IMPLEMENT THE BICENTENNIAL CELEBRATION OF THE BIRTH OF ULYSSES S. GRANT 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 209, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 209) designating the 
Ulysses S. Grant Association as the organi-zation to implement the bicentennial cele-bration of the birth of Ulysses S. Grant, Civil War General and 2-term President of the United States. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 209) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 125TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE STATE OF WY-OMING 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 210, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 210) celebrating the 
125th anniversary of the State of Wyoming. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table with no in-tervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 210) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) TRADE FACILITATION AND TRADE 
ENFORCEMENT ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the lan-guage of my motion and the cor-responding cloture motion with respect to proceeding to conference on H.R. 644 be amended to request a conference with the House. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
APPOINTMENTS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 4355(a), appoints the following Senators to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Military Academy: the Honorable K
IRSTEN E. G ILLIBRAND , 
designee of the Committee on Armed Services and the Honorable C
HRIS-
TOPHER MURPHY of Connecticut, des-
ignee of the Committee on Appropria-tions. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
JUNE 24, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m. on Wednesday, June 24; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate then re-sume consideration of the House mes-sage to accompany H.R. 2146; and fi-nally, that all time during adjourn-ment of the Senate count postcloture on H.R. 2146. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:10 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, June 24, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS 
Executive nominations confirmed by 
the Senate June 23, 2015: 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS  
LAVERNE HORTON COUNCIL, OF NEW JERSEY, TO BE AN 
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS (INFOR-MATION AND TECHNOLOGY). 
DAVID J. SHULKIN, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE UNDER 
SECRETARY FOR HEALTH OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) LAWRENCE B. JACKSON REAR ADM. (LH) SCOTT B. J. JERABEK REAR ADM. (LH) LUKE M. MCCOLLUM THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) CHRISTINA M. ALVARADO 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. KATHERINE A. MCCABE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. GRAFTON D. CHASE, JR. 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. DANIEL V. MACINNIS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPTAIN ALAN D. BEAL CAPTAIN DARREN J. HANSON CAPTAIN BRIAN S. HURLEY CAPTAIN ANDREW C. LENNON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED 
UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) BRIAN K. ANTONIO REAR ADM. (LH) MARK R. WHITNEY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) PAUL A. SOHL 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) NANCY A. NORTON REAR ADM. (LH) ROBERT D. SHARP 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) TERRY J. MOULTON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) BRET J. MUILENBURG 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) MARK L. LEAVITT 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. ANN M. BURKHARDT 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. JAMES P. DOWNEY CAPT. STEPHEN F. WILLIAMSON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. MICHAEL W. ZARKOWSKI 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. DAVID G. MANERO 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. PAUL PEARIGEN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. ANNE M. SWAP 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A23JN6.023 S23JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4555 June 23, 2015 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. PETER G. STAMATOPOULOS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. JOHN W. KORKA 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. PAUL E. BAUMAN 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COLONEL ANTONIO A. AGUTO, JR. COLONEL MARIA B. BARRETT COLONEL JAMES E. BONNER COLONEL JEFFERY D. BROADWATER COLONEL XAVIER T. BRUNSON COLONEL CHARLES H. CLEVELAND COLONEL DOUGLAS C. CRISSMAN COLONEL TIMOTHY J. DAUGHERTY COLONEL BRADLEY K. DREYER COLONEL JOHN R. EVANS, JR. COLONEL ANTONIO M. FLETCHER COLONEL PATRICK D. FRANK COLONEL BRADLEY T. GERICKE COLONEL STEVEN W. GILLAND COLONEL KARL H. GINGRICH COLONEL WILLIAMS H. GRAHAM, JR. COLONEL CHARLES R. HAMILTON COLONEL DIANA M. HOLLAND COLONEL GARY W. JOHNSTON COLONEL KENNETH L. KAMPER COLONEL JOHN S. LASKODI COLONEL DONNA W. MARTIN COLONEL JOSEPH P. MCGEE COLONEL RANDALL A. MCINTIRE COLONEL JOHN E. NOVALIS II COLONEL MARK W. ODOM COLONEL PAUL H. PARDEW COLONEL THOMAS A. PUGH COLONEL JAMES H. RAYMER COLONEL JOHN B. RICHARDSON IV COLONEL ANDREW M. ROHLING COLONEL MICHEL M. RUSSELL, SR. COLONEL THOMAS H. TODD III COLONEL JOEL K. TYLER COLONEL KEVIN VEREEN COLONEL DANIEL R. WALRATH 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. WILLIAM W. WAY 
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. MICHAEL K. HANIFAN BRIG. GEN. DANIEL M. KRUMREI 
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COLONEL HUGH T. CORBETT COLONEL ANDREW LAWLOR COLONEL RODERICK R. LEON GUERRERO COLONEL GERVASIO ORTIZ LOPEZ 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. WILLIAM C. MAYVILLE, JR. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COLONEL MICHAEL S. CEDERHOLM COLONEL DENNIS A. CRALL COLONEL BRADFORD J. GERING COLONEL JAMES F. GLYNN COLONEL GREGORY L. MASIELLO COLONEL DAVID W. MAXWELL COLONEL STEPHEN M. NEARY COLONEL STEPHEN D. SKLENKA COLONEL ROGER B. TURNER, JR. COLONEL RICK A. URIBE IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. CLIFFORD B. CHICK 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. JOHN W. HESTERMAN III 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. LEELA J. GRAY 
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. DONALD B. TATUM 
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. TIMOTHY E. GOWEN 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
VICE ADM. WILLIAM A. BROWN 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. RONALD F. LEWIS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
LT. GEN. ROBERT B. ABRAMS 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE SERVING AS THE CHIEF DEFENSE COUNSEL FOR MILITARY COMMISSIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES CONSTITUTION, ARTICLE II, SECTION 2, CLAUSE 2, AND THE NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2014, SECTION 1037: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JOHN G. BAKER 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF DANIEL A. LAPOSTOLE, TO 
BE COLONEL. 
IN THE ARMY  
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CYNTHIA 
AITAHOLMES AND ENDING WITH RYAN J. WANG, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 13, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DONALD W. 
ALGEO AND ENDING WITH AMY L. H. YOUNG, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 13, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ROBERT B. 
ALLMAN III AND ENDING WITH EDWARD J. YURUS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 14, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH LYDE C. AN-
DREWS AND ENDING WITH D012582, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 14, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF ELIZABETH M. LIBAO, TO BE 
MAJOR. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF JOHN J. MORRIS, TO BE COLO-
NEL. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF CHRISTOPHER A. WODARZ, TO 
BE COLONEL. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF KAREN M. WRANCHER, TO BE 
COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF SUSAN R. CLOFT, TO BE COLO-
NEL. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ROB-
ERT A. PETERSEN AND ENDING WITH GENE C. WYNNE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 2, 2015. 
IN THE NAVY  
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH IAN D. BRANUM 
AND ENDING WITH BRYAN P. HYDE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 20, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOSUE M. 
BELLINGER AND ENDING WITH DONALD E. MESERVE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 20, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH GEORGE J. 
EBERLY III AND ENDING WITH DAVID GARLINGHOUSE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 20, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF GREGORY K. EMERY, TO BE CAP-
TAIN. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DANIEL B. 
COPELAND AND ENDING WITH GEORGE W. LASKEY, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 20, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH SCOTT W. AR-
NOLD AND ENDING WITH KURT J. ZAHNEN, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 20, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CHRISTOPHER P. 
BROWN AND ENDING WITH VAN T. WENNEN, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 20, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH SABRINA J. 
BOBKOWSKI AND ENDING WITH DIANE C. LEBLANC, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 20, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH KEVIN R. 
BOARDMAN AND ENDING WITH SEAN P. MCDONALD, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 20, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF CARL O. PISTOLE, TO BE CAP-
TAIN. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF JON E. RUGG, TO BE CAPTAIN. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH VICTOR S. CHEN 
AND ENDING WITH ELIZABETH A. ZIMMERMANNYOUNG, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 20, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DONALD W. BAB-
COCK, JR. AND ENDING WITH JOHN J. WOODS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 20, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH GLEN A. 
DIELEUTERIO AND ENDING WITH WILLIAM Y. PIKE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON 
APRIL 20, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RICHARD A. 
BRAUNBECK III AND ENDING WITH JEFFREY J. PRONESTI, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 30, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH THURRAYA S. 
KENT AND ENDING WITH WENDY L. SNYDER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 30, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MICHAEL E. 
BIERY AND ENDING WITH RICKY M. URSERY, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 30, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH NEIL T. SMITH 
AND ENDING WITH DOMINICK A. VINCENT, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 30, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JASON B. BAB-
COCK AND ENDING WITH CHRISTOPHER P. SLATTERY, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 30, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH NICHOLAS E. AN-
DREWS AND ENDING WITH VINCENT S. TIONQUIAO, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 30, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH SOWON S. AHN 
AND ENDING WITH CRAIG M. WHITTINGHILL, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 30, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH STEVEN W. 
CONNELL AND ENDING WITH MICHAEL A. WHITT, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 30, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CHRISTINE J. 
CASTON AND ENDING WITH JAMES V. WALSH, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 30, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MICHAEL A. 
HURNI AND ENDING WITH ELIZABETH R. SANABIA, WHICH 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A23JN6.002 S23JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4556 June 23, 2015 
NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-
PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 30, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ROBERT C. 
BANDY AND ENDING WITH DOUGLAS L. WILLIAMS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 30, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DOMINIC S. 
CARONELLO AND ENDING WITH MICHAEL J. SUPKO, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 30, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH FATMATTA M. 
KUYATEH AND ENDING WITH MICHAEL J. SCARCELLA, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 14, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF MAREGINA L. WICKS, TO BE 
LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF NIKKI K. CONLIN, TO BE LIEU-
TENANT COMMANDER. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MICHAEL R. 
CATHEY AND ENDING WITH ERIC H. TWERDAHL, JR., WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 14, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH TERESA M. 
ALLEN AND ENDING WITH JOON S. YUN, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 14, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MARTIN J. 
ANERINO AND ENDING WITH MARTHA S. SCOTTY, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 14, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DAVID J. BACON 
AND ENDING WITH RICHARD G. ZEBER, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 14, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ARTHUR R. 
BLUM AND ENDING WITH FLORENCIO J. YUZON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 14, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH PATRICK K. 
AMERSBACH AND ENDING WITH NANCY V. WILSON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 14, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CRAIG L. ABRA-
HAM AND ENDING WITH SCOTT Y. YAMAMOTO, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 14, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CHAD M. 
BROOKS AND ENDING WITH ROD W. TRIBBLE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 14, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF HEATHER J. WALTON, TO BE 
CAPTAIN. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH WILLIAM A. 
HLAVIN AND ENDING WITH BASHON W. MANN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 14, 
2015. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF JACKY P. CHENG, TO BE CAP-
TAIN. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CHARLES S. 
ABBOT AND ENDING WITH DAVID G. ZOOK, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 2, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOHN J. ANDREW 
AND ENDING WITH MARK C. WADSWORTH, JR., WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 2, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DAVID A. BACK-
ER AND ENDING WITH SCOTT E. WILLIAMS, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 2, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ANTONIO 
ALEMAR AND ENDING WITH JOHN L. YOUNG III, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 2, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH LYLE P. 
AINSWORTH AND ENDING WITH JUAN C. VARELA, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 2, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH KARIN R. 
BURZYNSKI AND ENDING WITH FRANCISCO E. MAGALLON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 2, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH PAOLO 
CARCAVALLO, JR. AND ENDING WITH MATTHEW G. ZUBLIC, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 2, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH SHELLEY D. 
CAPLAN AND ENDING WITH MIKE E. SVATEK, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 2, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH AUDREY G. 
ADAMS AND ENDING WITH JOEL A. YATES, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 2, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH EUGENE A. 
ALBIN AND ENDING WITH KENYA D. WILLIAMSON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 2, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ALLAN M. 
BAKER AND ENDING WITH DENNIS M. ZOGG, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 2, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ROBERT E. 
BEATON AND ENDING WITH JAMES L. WILLETT, WHICH 
NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 2, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH PAUL T. ANTONY 
AND ENDING WITH PETER C. WAGNER, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED 
IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 2, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JEFFREY M. 
CLARK AND ENDING WITH CAROL W. WATT, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 2, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH LAURA M. MUS-
SULMAN AND ENDING WITH KENNETH W. WAGNER, 
WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 2, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH KERRY L. 
ABRAMSON AND ENDING WITH IAN K. THORNHILL, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 2, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH TAMBERLYNN 
W. BAKER AND ENDING WITH ANGELIA W. THOMPSON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 2, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH SARAVOOT P. 
BAGWELL AND ENDING WITH KATHY M. WARREN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 2, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH GREGORY T. 
STEHMAN AND ENDING WITH RODNEY E. TUGADE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 2, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH TERRY W. 
EDDINGER AND ENDING WITH DAVID R. GLASSMIRE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 2, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DARYLL D. LONG 
AND ENDING WITH MILTON W. WASHINGTON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 2, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH HOLMAN R. 
AGARD AND ENDING WITH MARK E. ZEMATIS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 2, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF NATALIE R. BAKAN, TO BE LIEU-
TENANT COMMANDER. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF PATRICK R. O’MARA, TO BE COM-
MANDER. 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH 
DANIEL L. ANGERMILLER AND ENDING WITH LAURA MERRITT STONE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 7, 2015. 
FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH 
BRUCE MATTHEWS AND ENDING WITH BRIAN STEPHEN ZELAKIEWICZ, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 7, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A23JN6.004 S23JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E941 June 23, 2015 
TRIBUTE TO ALVIN AND EULA 
BLANKENSHIP 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and honor Alvin and Eula Blankenship of Council Bluffs, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 80th wedding anniversary. 
Alvin and Eula’s lifelong commitment to 
each other, their daughter, two grandchildren, six great-grandchildren and three great-great grandchildren embodies our Iowa values. All five generations were on hand to help Alvin and Eula celebrate this very special day. I sa-lute this devoted couple on their 80th year to-gether and I wish them many more years of happiness. I know my colleagues in the House will join me in congratulating them on this mo-mentous occasion. I wish them and their fam-ily all the best moving forward. 
f 
HONORING LESTER L. STROUP 
HON. DOUG LAMBORN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the legacy of Lester L. Stroup, a vet-eran, a former prisoner of war and a treasured member of the Colorado Springs community. Throughout his life, Lester proudly served and sacrificed for his country, then devoted the re-mainder of this life to veterans’ organizations in the Pikes Peak Region. 
Lester joined the Army in 1949, during the 
Second World War, and was assigned to the artillery outfit of the 2nd Infantry Division. Shortly thereafter, he was deployed in defense of the Busan Perimeter following North Ko-rea’s invasion of South Korea in 1950. Lester would be on the front lines only one month when his artillery battery was overrun and suf-fered a defeat. Wounded and surrounded by Chinese forces, Lester and his unit were cap-tured on December 1, 1950. A brutal 400-mile march to the Puchkin Mining Camp initiated Lester’s time as a prisoner of war, which lasted for exactly 1,000 days. 
While imprisoned at the Puchkin Mining 
Camp, Lester and 750 of his fellow American servicemen were compelled to act as their own burial detail. Every day, on the brink of starvation, these gallant soldiers went out in groups of 12 or 14 to dig shallow graves for prisoners who had died. In less than one years’ time, five hundred American prisoners of war perished in this camp, also known as the Death Valley Camp. When Lester was fi-nally released, he was denied the Purple Heart Medal for lack of medical records main-tained by the Chinese forces. 
Lester first retired in 1969 with 20 years of 
service in the Army, re-enlisting in 1970 and serving a voluntary combat tour in Vietnam. 
After retiring for good as a First Sergeant in 1975, he dedicated his time and energy to the Rocky Mountain Chapter of the Ex-Prisoners of War, Veterans of Foreign Wars, the Retired Enlisted Association, Disabled American Vet-erans, and American Legion Post 5. In 2006, Lester vigorously led the effort to erect a beautiful memorial that now stands in Colo-rado Springs in memory of our POWs. 
Until he passed away on August 17, 2014 at 
the age of 84, Lester unsparingly gave of him-self to his fellow ex-prisoners of war and other veterans. His legacy will now be carried on by Doris, his wife of 58 years, his children, his friends, and those with whom he associated as a volunteer. I am greatly honored to cele-brate the life and service of Lester Stroup, a patriot whose uncommon and tireless devotion to his country will never be forgotten by his fellow citizens. 
f 
HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES BY 
VIETNAMESE AUTHORITIES 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, the 
Vietnamese-American community is cele-brating its 40th year in the U.S. We often think of 1975 as a time of tragedy and loss, as the Vietnam War ended with helicopters flying off the U.S. Embassy. But from tragedy has come hope and prosperity. The Vietnamese-Amer-ican community has added so much to the American fabric. They are a shining example of an immigrant community, many who came here penniless refugees, who has made im-portant contributions to the United States. 
The subcommittee I chair has held numer-
ous hearings on human rights in Vietnam and we have discussed a range of concerns, from restrictions on religious freedom to the jailing and torture of dissidents. 
From sex and labor trafficking to the censor-
ship of the press and Internet, the Vietnamese Government and Communist Party continues to be one of the world’s worst abusers of human rights. We may want to sweep that re-ality under the table, paper it over by promises of security cooperation and trade deals. But that reality stares us in the face and requires us to ask whether U.S. policy really serves the people of Vietnam, people who want our lib-erties and freedoms as much as our trade. 
The U.S. Government must continue to 
press the Vietnamese government on truly fundamental human rights issues, not only in human rights dialogue, but in all meetings with Vietnamese officials, at the highest levels from the U.S. President on down. 
Sixty-six percent of the Vietnamese popu-
lation is under 35, they don’t remember the war, they want their lives to look like those of their Vietnamese cousins in the U.S., in Aus-tralia, and Canada. Our policies cannot only be directed at the Vietnamese elite in the 
Communist Party, but must focus on the peo-ple of Vietnam. They are looking for U.S. lead-ership; they are hungry for a U.S. policy that advances the rights and freedoms of the Viet-namese people. They understand that if the U.S. sides with the Vietnamese Government, they will only receive crumbs from the Com-munist Party’s table. 
Our economic, security, and freedom inter-
ests must be linked. The Vietnamese Govern-ment needs U.S. security cooperation and economic benefits more than the U.S. needs Vietnam. We have leverage to bring about concrete changes in Vietnam. We must not give up or ignore this leverage. 
If human rights issues are not explicitly 
linked to our economic and security interests, we risk having discussions on trade and de-fense moving forward, while human rights con-ditions go backward. 
Trade between the U.S. and Vietnam has 
exponentially expanded since Vietnam was granted normal trade relations in 2000. If this expansion is to continue under the Trans-Pa-cific Partnership, or TPP for short, then the American people should at least be assured that Vietnam, currently our 15th largest source of imports, is protecting basic freedoms. 
If the past is any indicator, Vietnam will re-
gress from political liberalization as soon as it gains preferential trade status. In 2007, after the United States lifted its long-standing objec-tion to Vietnam’s membership in the World Trade Organization, Hanoi responded by launching the first of three waves of arrests that jailed over one hundred dissidents and in-troduced sweeping new laws restricting free-dom of association, assembly, and the Inter-net. In short, Vietnam’s WTO accession al-lowed the Communist government free license to jail, torture, and abuse. 
Further, when the State Department re-
moved Vietnam from the list of Countries of Particular Concern as a gesture of goodwill in 2006, we once again saw backsliding. Despite the State Department’s decision in 2006 to re-move Vietnam from the list of Countries of Particular Concern as designated pursuant to the International Religious Freedom Act, Viet-nam, in fact, continues to be among the worst violators of religious freedom in the world. 
According to the United States Commission 
for International Religious Freedom’s 2015 An-nual Report, ‘‘The Vietnamese Government continues to control all religious activities through law and administrative oversight, re-strict severely independent religious practice, and repress individuals and religious groups it views as challenging its authority . . .’’ I agree with USCIRF’s conclusion that Vietnam should be designated a CPC country. 
I met courageous religious leaders during 
my trips to Vietnam who were struggling for fundamental human rights in their country. Un-fortunately, many of them, including Father Ly and the Most Venerable Thich Quang Do, re-main wrongly detained today. There are dis-turbing reports that Father Ly is suffering poor 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23JN8.001 E23JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E942 June 23, 2015 
health. There are over 150 prisoners of con-
science in Vietnam. We should not forget them. 
Some have made the case that Vietnam 
has made progress in recent years with re-spect to human rights, especially in regard to joining international agreements like the United Nations Convention Against Torture. In order for there to be real progress, the Viet-namese Government needs to back up its words with actions. The Vietnamese Govern-ment can show that it is serious about re-specting and protecting human rights by crafting a new religion law that rolls back some of the many constraints on religious ac-tivities, but early indications the new law will actually be more restrictive. Vietnam can lift its draconian Internet restrictions and allow for independent labor organizations. Labor protec-tions and Internet freedom are critical eco-nomic as well as human rights issues. 
Despite the dismal status for human rights 
in Vietnam, we can exert pressure on the Viet-namese Government to cease these abuses. I have reintroduced the Vietnam Human Rights Act. The Vietnam Human Rights Act of 2015 seeks to promote the development of freedom and democracy in Vietnam by stipulating that the United States can increase its non-human-itarian assistance to Vietnam above FY2012 levels only when the President is able to cer-tify that the Government of Vietnam has made substantial progress in establishing human rights protections. The United States should not be rewarding the Vietnamese regime with taxpayer dollars when it continues to violently repress its own people. 
Swift Congressional action on this bill will 
send a strong message that U.S. will not tol-erate continuing human rights abuses in Viet-nam. Its enactment will send an unmistakable message to the Government of Vietnam that human rights improvements are fundamental to better relations, critically linked to our mu-tual economic and security interests, and can-not be ignored or bargained away. 
Those intent on passing TPP should also be 
concerned with maximizing leverage over Viet-nam, with the Vietnamese Government mak-ing true and lasting concessions on human rights, before we agree to provide them with the benefits of trade. 
In fact, we heard from a witness at a recent 
hearing I held, the Reverend Nguyen Manh Hung of the Mennonite Church of Vietnam, how a religious leader has been threatened by security forces who told him that once TPP is passed, his house of worship will be torn down. This is a message that Congress, and the American people need to hear, before we continue to debate TPP in the abstract: There should be no trade deal with Vietnam without milestones being met on human rights on a permanent and sustainable basis. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE WAYNESBORO, 
PENNSYLVANIA YMCA FOR 100 YEARS OF HISTORY AND SERV-ICE 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the Waynesboro Area YMCA on the occasion of its 100th year of service to the 
Waynesboro community. 
The Young Men’s Christian Association 
(YMCA) was first established in 1844, and has grown into a worldwide organization that rep-resents the pursuit of a healthy body, mind, and spirit. The Waynesboro community has been fortunate to have the Waynesboro Area YMCA since 1915, and today I congratulate the organization for 100 years of positive im-pact on the community. 
From the momentous laying of the original 
building’s cornerstone to today, the Waynes-boro Area YMCA’s Board of Directors, staff, and community members have put an impres-sive amount of work into continually growing and improving the Y’s impact on the commu-nity. Countless renovations, fundraising efforts, and hours of work have enabled the Waynes-boro Area Y to reach a community presence of which its 1915 founders would be proud. 
Today the Waynesboro Y has a member-
ship of nearly 3,600 people and offers more than 100 different programs. With a true com-munal spirit, it financially assists over 300 youth and 150 adults for membership and pro-grams, providing over $90,000 in scholarships annually. Though much has changed about the Waynesboro Y, it has remained committed to the principles by which it was founded—the pursuit of a healthy body, mind, and spirit with a Christian basis. 
I am privileged to congratulate the Waynes-
boro Area YMCA for a century of history and service to the Waynesboro community, and to thank all who have helped this YMCA continue its success. 
f 
IN HONOR OF KEITH ISRAEL 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the remarkable public service career of Keith Israel, who is retiring as the General Manager of the Monterey Regional Water Pol-lution Control Agency (MRWPCA), after 27 years. Under Mr. Israel’s leadership, the MRWPCA has grown to serve 250,000 people and treat 18.5 million gallons each day. 
After obtaining a Bachelor of Science in 
Chemical Engineering and a Masters in both Environmental Engineering and Business Ad-ministration, Mr. Israel worked for five years as General Manager of the Victor Valley Wastewater Reclamation District. In 1988, Mr. Israel came to the Monterey Peninsula and immediately began to revolutionize the work of the MRWPCA. In the 1990’s, MRWPCA con-structed the Regional Treatment Plant (RTP) near Marina under his leadership. The effi-ciency and new treatment plans spearheaded by Mr. Israel and brought about by the RTP’s development led to increased economic op-portunity and business and housing develop-ment in the Monterey region. Also in the 1990’s, Mr. Israel began collaborating with the Monterey County Water Resources Agency to begin a project to reduce groundwater with-drawal and allow for the use of recycled water for 12,000 acres of farmland in the Salinas Valley. 
Throughout his tenure at the MRWPCA, Mr. 
Israel has served as a visionary, coordinating the Salinas River Diversion Project and Pure 
Water Monterey Project, all while working tire-lessly to facilitate collaboration between local leaders to advocate for sustainable water re-sources. Because of Mr. Israel’s dedication to reducing the MRWPCA’s carbon footprint, the agency has made great strides in the imple-mentation of environmentally progressive proc-esses, leading to recognition such as the Breathe California Central Coast Clean-Air Award and a partnership with ENERGY STAR. Mr. Israel has also built a personal reputation of excellence in the industry; throughout his career, he has served on the Boards of Amer-ican Water Works Association and WateReuse Association and maintained leadership posi-tions in the California Association of Sanitation Agencies. 
Mr. Speaker, I know that I speak for the 
whole House in sharing our gratitude to Keith for a job well done and extend our best wish-es to him and his family this next chapter of life. I know that even in retirement, he will still find himself involved in the community and 
continue to better the Monterey Peninsula just as he has done through his work at the MRWPCA these last 27 years. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LT. CHRIS MILLER 
HON. JULIA BROWNLEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise to recognize Lieutenant Chris J. Miller, Commanding Officer of Coast Guard Station Channel Islands Harbor, on the special occasion of his transfer to the Coast Guard District Eight New Orleans District Response Advisory Team. 
During his time as Commanding Officer, 
Lieutenant Miller expertly managed 51 active duty and reserve personnel while directing the safe and efficient completion of over 3,000 un-derway hours, conducting more than 1,400 missions and sorties in support of 176 Search and Rescue cases and 300 recreational and commercial boardings. His leadership resulted in the saving of 53 lives, the preservation of over 4.5 million dollars in property, and signifi-cantly improved boating safety along the coast of California. 
Under his command, Lieutenant Miller regu-
larly held annual National Safe Boating expos, each hosting between 800 to 1,000 visitors annually and provided an average of 420 tours of station boats including hosting 22 marine supply vendors, fire rescue, police, Red Cross and local maritime organizations. The Expo continues to issue over 90 new lifejackets and promote rescue demonstrations that are highly successful and showcase the efforts made by the United States Coast Guard. 
Additionally, Lieutenant Miller’s outstanding 
leadership has resulted in his receipt of nu-merous awards and accolades to include the Coast Guard Commendation and Coast Guard Achievement Medals, Commandant Letter of Commendation Medals, Coast Guard Good Conduct Medals, as well as a number of other personal and service awards. 
Along with his exemplary service in the 
United States Coast Guard, Lieutenant Miller is an active leader in the community balancing a rigorous work schedule with serving commu-nity needs in several local organizations. He 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23JN8.002 E23JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E943 June 23, 2015 
volunteered with the Camarillo YMCA and the 
Naval Base Ventura, Youth Sports Association where he coached basketball and soccer for six youth teams. He volunteered at local homeless shelters and rescue missions distrib-uting food at Thanksgiving and giving out gifts at Christmas. He routinely opened the station for tours to local schools and provided out-reach by visiting and speaking at local schools during Career Day functions. 
For over two decades, Lieutenant Miller’s 
exceptional career and community involve-ment is indicative of his commitment to serv-ing his country. As he embarks on a new chapter in his life as Commanding Officer for the Coast Guard District Response Advisory Team in New Orleans, Louisiana, I want to ex-press my sincere appreciation for Lieutenant Miller’s honorable and selfless service to our community. I wish him the best in all his future endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING AND COMMENDING 
MIKE RINGLER 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize and commend John Michael ‘‘Mike’’ Ringler on the occasion of his retirement, having served for 17 years on the House Appropriations Committee. In total, he has provided more than 27 years of distin-guished, quiet service to our country. His in-tegrity stands as a model for us all. 
Mike, a native of Rector, Pennsylvania, 
graduated from Georgetown University with a Bachelor of Science in Foreign Service, en-hancing his experience by studying abroad in the United Kingdom and Ecuador. He also earned a Master of Public and International Affairs from the University of Pittsburgh. Mike counts himself as an avid fan of Steelers foot-ball and Hoyas basketball, and he fine tunes his own basketball skills at weekend games with friends and colleagues. 
Mike began his career in Washington, D.C. 
in 1987 as a Presidential Management Intern at the U.S. Information Agency, Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs. From there, he rose through the ranks as a budget analyst then financial manager by 1996 before spend-ing a year as the budget officer for the Broad-casting Board of Governors. In 1997, he start-ed his dedicated service to the House Appro-priations Committee, serving as Professional Staff from 1997 through 2001; Majority Clerk and Staff Director from 2002 through 2006; Minority Clerk and Staff Director from 2007 through 2010; and finally as Majority Clerk and Staff Director from 2011 through the early spring of 2015. Mike spent his entire Congres-sional career working on the Commerce, Jus-tice, Science, and Related Agencies Appro-priations Subcommittee, where he was re-sponsible for leading the review, analysis, and production of the annual appropriations bill providing more than $50 billion for the Depart-ment of Commerce, the Department of Jus-tice, the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration, the National Science Foundation, and several related agencies. He also oversaw spending for various State Depart-ment programs and the U.S. Supreme Court. Mike recently has gone back to his roots and 
now works for his alma mater, the University of Pittsburgh. 
Mike’s contributions extend beyond his role 
on the Appropriations Committee. For years, he participated as a reading mentor with Ev-erybody Wins! in Washington, D.C., a literacy mentor program with one-on-one, read-aloud sessions. Mike’s other passions include music—both playing guitar and attending clas-sical Indian music recitals and small music venues. 
Mr. Speaker, Mike Ringler has left a tan-
gible, lasting imprint on the Congress where he was known as a calm, diligent force on the Committee and a trusted mentor for profes-sional staff and fellow clerks alike. He will be remembered for his many contributions to the Committee. I wish Mike and his family contin-ued success as he enters this next stage of his life, and I ask my colleagues to join me in expressing my appreciation for his tremendous contributions to our nation. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF MR. 
WILLIAM ‘‘BILL’’ CLEMENS WALKER 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the life of Mr. William ‘‘Bill’’ Clemens Walker, who passed away peacefully on April 24, 2015. Bill was born to his loving parents Lewis and Ina Walker on May 5, 1925. He was raised in Southern Illinois where he at-tended a one-room schoolhouse, and while at-tending school he began working in his fa-ther’s general merchandise store in Grantsburg, IL as well as his father’s furniture store in Vienna, IL. 
Bill was very successful in his schooling 
having graduated from Vienna Township High School in 1942, Northwestern University in 1945, and the Harvard Business School’s Mid- Officer Certificate program for Navy Supply Corps Officers in 1945. Bill was very kind and hardworking but above all else, he loved his family and they were his most prized posses-sion. For all who knew Bill, one of his proud-est achievements in life had been serving as an Ensign in the U.S. Navy. He was stationed as Commissary Officer on Guam, until he was honorably discharged in 1946. Bill later dedi-cated over 32 years working for General Elec-tric (GE) in computer systems until finally retir-ing in 1988. Bill was passionate about cook-ing, photography, writing, and working with computers. 
On January 16, 1955 Bill married Ms. Joyce 
(Harkins) Walker in northern Georgia and later the pair welcomed their son Jeffrey and daughter Nancy. After Joyce’s passing, Bill married BettyAnn Walker in 1997. The pair lived in Naples, Florida until his passing this year. Bill is preceded in death by his father Lewis; mother Ina; wife Joyce; and his two brothers Newton and James. He leaves be-hind his wife BettyAnn; son Jeff; daughter Nancy; sister Elizabeth; and seven grand-children. I would like to extend my deepest condolences to Bill’s entire family. He was a great man whose legacy will continue to live on, and he will be missed. CONGRATULATING MR. AND MRS. 
CARL AND HEIDE HAGAR ON THEIR 50TH WEDDING ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Mr. and Mrs. Carl and Heide Hagar on their 50th Wedding Anniversary, which they will be celebrating on July 10, 2015. 
Carl was born in Oklahoma and grew up in 
Arkansas. After Carl joined the United States Army, he was deployed to Germany. During his time in Germany, he met his wife, Heide, who was born in Altenmunster, Germany. Through their married years they lived in Ger-many, Vietnam, and the United States. Carl and Heide settled in Iberia, Missouri and have lived there since 1979. After 22 years of serv-ice in the United States Army, Carl retired. Heide worked in the Mess Hall at Fort Leon-ard Wood, Missouri for 29 years. They have raised three children, Lou Ann Elmore, Walter Stephen Hagar, and Jeffery Andrew Hagar. 
Marriage is a sacred institution that rep-
resents true love, commitment, and dedication to family. This is a special time to celebrate and showcase the depth of your love and de-votion to one another. 
I ask you in joining me in recognizing Mr. 
and Mrs. Carl Hagar on this momentous occa-sion. 
f 
CONGRATULATING ADEL 
HAGEKHALIL 
HON. TONY CA´RDENAS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. CA ´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to congratulate Adel Hagekhalil, Assistant Di-rector for the City of Los Angeles’ Bureau of Sanitation, on his election as President of the National Association of Clean Water Agencies (NACWA). The Bureau of Sanitation is respon-sible for operating and maintaining one of the world’s largest wastewater collection and treat-ment systems. Over 6,500 miles of sewers serve more than four million residential and business customers in Los Angeles and 29 contracting cities and agencies, treating an av-erage of 550 million gallons of wastewater each day of the year. 
Adel is a dynamic leader who has shown an 
unparalleled ability to collaborate and bring di-verse interests together for a common cause—strengths ideally suited for the NACWA Presidency. During this transition year for NACWA, Adel’s steady leadership style will help ensure that the Association will build on its 45-year record of being a dynamic and forward-thinking environmental organiza-tion. 
Beyond his wealth of environmental, engi-
neering, and management expertise, Adel uti-lized a collaborative approach to watershed- based solutions that garnered broad support among the public, business, elected officials, regulators and policymakers. He moves the needle in the right direction, is results-ori-ented, and gets the job done. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23JN8.005 E23JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E944 June 23, 2015 
Adel is also a staunch and effective advo-
cate for investing in our nation’s aging and often deteriorating water infrastructure—invest-ments that convey both environmental and economic benefits and help communities across our great nation create jobs, grow, and thrive. Adel believes that great communities must better understand the true value of water and deserve first-class, sustainable water in-frastructure. 
Under Adel’s direction, the City of Los An-
geles prepared an award-winning Water Inte-grated Resources Plan (IRP) for the year 2020 which relies on public input and participation and integrates water supply, water reuse, water conservation and stormwater manage-ment with wastewater facilities planning through a regional watershed approach. He has managed the City’s collection system maintenance upgrade efforts resulting in over 83 percent reduction in sewer spills and over 70 percent reduction in sewer-related odors. 
Adel’s work on Fats, Oils and Grease (FOG) 
reduction has cut FOG-related spills by 90 percent. More recently, he led the develop-ment and adoption of a Low Impact Develop-ment Ordinance for the City of Los Angeles that focuses on rainwater harvesting and run-off management for new developments and redevelopments. In addition, he was instru-mental in the successful development and adoption of a 10-year financial plan including the necessary rates adjustment to support the renewal of the City’s clean water systems. 
Adel is currently leading the City of Los An-
geles’ Green Infrastructure program where stormwater is managed through regional and distributed solutions that provide multiple ben-efits while improving the quality of life in LA’s neighborhoods. In addition, he is leading the development of the One Water Plan for Los Angeles for the year 2040 to manage water holistically while reducing consumption, in-creasing water reuse and reducing depend-ence on imported water, a critical need in the City’s efforts to confront drought conditions. 
Adel has more than 26 years of experience 
in the clean water industry and has published numerous technical papers and participated in various technical conferences and committees. In addition to his service to NACWA, The Bu-reau of Sanitation is a founding member of the U.S. Water Alliance, and Adel is a proud member of the American Academy of Environ-mental Engineers, the American Public Works Association, and the Water Environment Fed-eration. 
Adel has received many awards at the local, 
state and national levels. These include the in-augural U.S. Water Prize, Heal the Bay’s ‘‘Walk the Talk Award. ″ L.A. Water Keeper’s 
‘‘Making Waves Award,’’ and the American Academy of Environmental Engineers Grand Award for Planning. More important to Adel than these professional accomplishments is his family. Adel is a devoted husband and fa-ther, married to Lubna Farsakh with whom he is raising three beautiful children, Jana, Jad and Dareen. 
Once again, I wish to congratulate Adel 
Hagekhalil on his election as President of NACWA. As he has done for the residents of the San Fernando Valley and the City of Los Angeles, I am sure he will lead the organiza-tion down a road marked by innovation, col-laboration, progress and success. Best wishes on future endeavors. BEN POWELL EARNS EAGLE 
SCOUT 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Dulles High School’s Ben Powell on earning the rank of Eagle Scout with Sugar Land Boy Scout Troop 1294. 
Ben is among less than ten percent of all 
Boy Scouts to earn such a prestigious rank by dedicating countless hours towards organizing and working service projects with Troop 1294. For his final Eagle Scout Project, Ben lead 42 volunteers in a restoration effort throughout the historical Farmers’ Improvement Society Cemetery. Together, they spent three hours resetting over 25 headstones that marked the graves of African American war veterans. Eagle Scouts exemplify the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership. We are extremely proud of Ben’s selfless dedication to our com-munity and for demonstrating such strong leadership. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Ben on becoming an Eagle Scout. You have a bright future ahead. 
f 
CONGRATULATING HILLARY CLIN-
TON, 2015 RECIPIENT OF THE BARBARA JORDAN GOLD MEDAL-LION FOR LEADERSHIP 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, on June 
4, 2015, the Barbara Jordan-Mickey Leland School of Public Affairs and the Thurgood Marshall School of Law, two of the great insti-tutions of Texas Southern University, which is located in my congressional district and is one of the nation’s great historically black colleges and universities, awarded the inaugural Bar-bara Jordan Gold Medallion for Public-Private Leadership. 
The Barbara Jordan Gold Medallion for Pub-
lic-Private Leadership is presented annually to a woman of demonstrated excellence in the public or private sector whose achievements are an example and inspiration to people ev-erywhere, but especially to women and girls. 
The Barbara Jordan Gold Medallion for Pub-
lic-Private Leadership is presented annually to a woman of demonstrated excellence in the public or private sector whose achievements are an example and inspiration to people ev-erywhere, but especially to women and girls. 
It was my honor to present the Barbara Jor-
dan Gold Medallion to the Honorable Hillary Clinton, the former First Lady of Arkansas and the United States, U.S. Senator, and Sec-retary of State. 
As I stated at the award ceremony, it was 
fitting that the inaugural recipient of this award is a person whose life and achievements em-body the passion and principles and values and commitment to service of Barbara Jordan. 
When asked to name the woman living any-
where in the world whom they admire most, Americans have named Hillary Clinton in each of the last 13 years and 17 of the last 18. As a leader on the national and international 
stage, Hillary Clinton represented our nation with distinction and grace, always reflecting our highest ideals and aspirations. 
It was First Lady Hillary Clinton who trav-
eled to Beijing to speak truth to power, declar-ing on behalf of women and girls everywhere that: ‘‘human rights are women’s rights. And women’s rights are human rights.’’ 
It was Hillary Clinton who gave voice to 
what many of us have always understood, when she said that to raise a happy, healthy and hopeful child, ‘‘it takes a family, it takes teachers, it takes clergy, it takes business people, it takes community leaders, it takes those who protect our health and safety, it takes all of us.’’ 
That, yes indeed, ‘‘it takes a village to raise 
a child.’’ 
But before Hillary Clinton was a household 
name, many of us in Texas remembered her as a brilliant young activist whose passion for justice and equality brought her to Texas in 1972 to help poor people and African Ameri-cans and Latinos register to exercise the right to vote they had been denied so long. 
Passed in 1965 with the extraordinary lead-
ership of President Lyndon Johnson, the greatest legislative genius of our lifetime, the Voting Rights Act of 1965 was bringing dra-matic change in many states across the South. 
But in 1972, change was not coming fast 
enough or in many places in Texas. 
In fact, Texas, which had never elected a 
woman to Congress or an African American to the Texas State Senate, was not covered by Section 5 of the 1965 Voting Rights Act and the language minorities living in South Texas that Hillary Clinton came to help were not pro-tected at all. 
But the Voting Rights Act of 1965, the voter 
registration work performed in 1972 by Hillary Clinton in Texas, along with hundreds of oth-ers, helped elect Barbara Jordan to Congress. 
In 2006, during the floor debate on the reau-
thorization of the Voting Rights Act, I said: 
The Voting Rights Act of 1965 is no ordi-
nary piece of legislation. For millions of Americans, and many of us in Congress, the Voting Rights Act of 1965 is a sacred treas-ure, earned by the sweat and toil and tears and blood of ordinary Americans who showed the world it was possible to accomplish ex-traordinary things. 
But a terrible blow was dealt to the Voting 
Rights Act on June 25, 2013, when the Su-preme Court handed down the decision in Shelby County v. Holder , 537 U.S. 193 (2013), 
which invalidated Section 4(b), the provision of the law determining which jurisdictions would be subject to Section 5 ‘‘preclearance.’’ 
The reason the Court gave for its ruling was 
that ‘‘times have changed.’’ 
Times have changed, but what the Court did 
not fully appreciate is that the positive changes it cited were due almost entirely to the existence and vigorous enforcement of the Voting Rights Act. 
And that is why the Voting Rights Act is still 
needed today. 
In the same way that the vaccine invented 
by Dr. Jonas Salk in 1953 eradicated the crip-pling effects but did not eliminate the cause of polio, the Voting Rights Act succeeded in stymying the practices that resulted in the wholesale disenfranchisement of African Americans and language minorities but did not eliminate them entirely. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23JN8.009 E23JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E945 June 23, 2015 
In Texas, we know this from personal expe-
rience. 
On the same day that Shelby County v. 
Holder was decided officials in Texas an-nounced they would immediately implement its Photo ID law, and other election laws, policies, and practices that could never pass muster under the Section 5 preclearance regime. 
This stands in contrast to President Lyndon 
Johnson, who understood that the right to vote is: 
The most powerful instrument ever devised 
by man for breaking down injustice and de-stroying the terrible walls which imprison men because they are different from other men. 
Because Barbara Jordan understood the im-
portance of protecting the right to vote, she authored the 1975 amendment that became Section Sections 4(f)(3) and 4(f)(4) of the Vot-ing Rights Act, which extended to language minorities the protections of Section 4(a) and Section 5, which also had the effect of sub-jecting Texas to the pre-clearance provisions of Section 5. 
I am pleased that the inaugural recipient of 
the award given in Barbara Jordan’s name also understands, as she made clear in her acceptance remarks in which she called for re-forms to make it easier, not harder, for Ameri-cans to exercise the franchise, including auto-matic, universal registration of voters once they turn 18; and a national standard of not fewer than 20 days of early in-person voting in every state, including opportunities for week-end and evenings. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend Texas Southern 
University, and the Barbara Jordan-Mickey Le-land School of Public Affairs and Thurgood Marshall School of Law for honoring the mem-ory of one of a great American by establishing the Barbara Jordan Gold Medallion and I con-gratulate the 2015 recipient of this prestigious award, the Honorable Hillary Clinton. 
I look forward to congratulating future recipi-
ents of the Barbara Jordan Gold Medallion in the years to come. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, on 
roll call no. 375, due to unforeseen cir-cumstances I was unable to vote on H.R. 160, the Protect Medical Innovation Act. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
YEA. 
f 
HONORING THE CHURCH OF THE 
LIVING GOD 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize the Church of the Living God in Win-chester, Kentucky. This church is celebrating their twenty-fifth anniversary in ministry on July 26th. Led by Pastors Thomas and Lela Hall and Mike and Angela Smith, this church is an important part of the Clark County com-
munity. Their ministry touches the lives of their members, others in the community, and peo-ple all throughout the world by the service and mission work that they carry out. I congratu-late the Church of the Living God on their twenty five years serving God and impacting the region through the Lord Jesus Christ and I wish them a long and productive future in ministry. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SHENANDOAH 
FLORAL 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Shenandoah Floral of Shenandoah, Iowa. For over 90 years, Shen-andoah Floral has been a staple in the Shen-andoah community. According to local history, the florist shop was first recorded in the local phonebook in 1925. In 2006, Shenandoah Flo-ral was purchased by current owner Nancy Maher. Nancy purchased the shop when it was in danger of closing and has turned the business into a success story. 
Nancy had no prior experience running a 
floral shop, so the assistance of the existing staff helped in making Shenandoah Floral suc-cessful. Nancy contributes the success of the floral shop to her employees. Nancy wanted to keep the floral shop in operation in order to keep existing jobs in Shenandoah. She stated that, ‘‘If the doors had closed, they’d have just been out of a job.’’ Nancy has been committed to preserving Shenandoah’s downtown area and keeping the downtown business district viable. 
Since assuming ownership of the floral 
shop, Nancy has seen many changes in the operation of the business, such as the stream-lining of operations by using advanced tech-nology and computers. She remembers hand-writing orders. Nancy takes pride in the serv-ices that the floral shop provides. The shop re-ceives orders from around the world, including from our men and women in the military who wish to send flowers to family members. The business cherishes the many friends and cus-tomers they have served for the past 90 years. 
I commend Shenandoah Floral and their 
staff for their 90 years of dedicated service to Shenandoah and southwest Iowa. I urge my colleagues in the House to join me in con-gratulating Shenandoah Floral for their many achievements in the florist industry. I wish them and all of their employees best wishes moving forward. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JACK LUND’S 
RETIREMENT AFTER 40 YEARS OF LEADERSHIP IN THE YMCA 
HON. GREGORY W. MEEKS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Mr. Jack Lund and his retirement after forty years of leadership and service in the YMCA. Jack currently serves as President and 
Chief Executive Officer of the YMCA of Great-er New York, the largest YMCA in the United States. As head of New York City’s largest pri-vate youth-serving organization, Jack is dedi-cated to strengthening the foundations of com-munities in New York City through programs that nurture the potential of children and youth, improve the health and well being of in-dividuals and communities and address some of New York City’s most challenging social problems. 
Jack has pioneered programs in education, 
civic engagement and immigrant services. Most recently, the Y has launched signature programs addressing the academic achieve-ment gap for children living in poverty, the epi-demic of youth obesity and disconnected young people—who have dropped out of school and are not working. 
Jack has spent 40 years working for various 
YMCAs, starting his service in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. Prior to joining the YMCA of Greater New York, he served as president and CEO of the YMCA of Metropolitan Milwaukee from 1995 through 2004. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Mr. Jack 
Lund on this remarkable occasion. I ask that my colleagues join me in wishing him a won-derful retirement and many years of happi-ness. 
f 
REMOVAL OF UNITED STATES 
ARMED FORCES FROM IRAQ AND SYRIA 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 17, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in support of H. Con. Res. 55, which requires the President to withdraw our troops deployed in Iraq and Syria before the end of the year unless Congress passes an Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF) to combat ISIL. 
I do want to stress that I support many as-
pects of the military operations the President is currently conducting against ISIL, including the use of American air power against ISIL targets and in support of Iraqi and Kurdish forces, as well as the deployment of limited numbers of American troops to help train and equip those forces. However, it has now been ten months since the President sent troops into Iraq and Syria and four months since the President sent Congress a proposed AUMF to combat ISIL. While I have serious concerns with that proposed draft, we owe it to our troops and the American people to at the very least have a debate in Congress on our mili-tary engagement in Iraq and Syria. 
My primary concern is that the President 
continues to rely on the 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force Against and Al-Qaeda and associated forces and the 2002 Authoriza-tion for Use of Military Force against Iraq as justification to take military action against ISIL. While he has repeatedly stated that he will not deploy ground troops in a combat role in ei-ther Syria or Iraq, these existing authorities leave that door open. We need to sunset both the 2001 AUMF and 2002 AUMF and pass a narrowly tailored AUMF to combat ISIL that provides the authority necessary to degrade 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23JN8.003 E23JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E946 June 23, 2015 
and defeat ISIL without dragging the United 
States into another unnecessary ground war in the Middle East. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JANE HART 
HON. SANDER M. LEVIN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay 
tribute to a good friend and a pioneer from my home state of Michigan, Jane Hart. Jane passed away on June 5, 2015. 
Some of us in Congress knew Jane through 
her husband, the late Senator Phil Hart, for whom the Hart Senate Office Building is named and who was known as the ‘‘con-science of the Senate.’’ I had the privilege of knowing her personally through common en-deavors in Michigan. So while Jane Hart was her husband’s partner in so many ways during his service to the people of Michigan, she was a leader and a trailblazer in her own right. She was a person with an unusual combination of a sense of responsibility for the common good, family loyalty and respect for individ-uality. 
Like so many women during World War II, 
Jane was committed to helping the American war effort. She was involved with the Amer-ican Red Cross, helping to found their motor corps. She trained other women to drive the trucks built in Michigan factories to military bases around the country and to ports for transport overseas. Her involvement in this ef-fort led to her interest in flying. During a time when there were very few women pilots, Jane earned licenses to fly single and multi-engine airplanes. She later became the first woman in the state of Michigan to earn a license to fly helicopters, and during her husband’s first campaign for the Senate, she flew Phil to campaign events throughout the state. 
Her passion for flight led to an interest in 
the space program, and she, along with 12 others, were the first women to pass the phys-ical and psychological tests required by NASA of astronaut candidates. NASA denied their entry into the astronaut program, and the De-troit News reported that she commented at the time, ‘‘The men just could not get it and the country lost a great opportunity.’’ While this group of women, who became known as the Mercury 13, never went to space themselves, their efforts and their advocacy helped to pave the way for Sally Ride to become the first American woman astronaut, and for all the women who have contributed so much to our space program since Ms. Ride’s historic flight. 
As a pioneer for women in flight and in 
space, it was no surprise that Jane Hart was a powerful advocate for women’s rights in general. In 1966, Jane was a founding board member of the National Organization for Women (NOW), where she chaired the new organization’s Task Force on Legal and Polit-ical Rights, and she helped to establish NOW chapters in Michigan and in Washington, DC. For many years, she passionately advocated for an Equal Rights Amendment to the U.S. Constitution. In recognition of her leadership, Jane was inducted into the Michigan Women’s Hall of Fame in 2007. 
Jane was also a well-known peace activist 
during the tumultuous period of the Vietnam War, which her son Michael told the Wash-
ington Post sometimes made things ‘‘a little bit . . . complicated’’ for her husband. But, as her son also noted to the Post, ‘‘On occasion someone would demand of him, ‘Can’t you control that wife of yours?’ But the senator would respond, ‘Why would I?’ ’’ 
While leading a life of adventure and advo-
cacy, Jane Hart also raised her family with love and commitment. She and Phil Hart had nine children, eight grandchildren, and seven great-grandchildren. To them, and to all who knew her, Jane Hart was a vital force whose intelligence, energy and passion were inspira-tional. I encourage my colleagues to join me in remembering Jane Hart’s remarkable con-tributions to our country and in extending con-dolences to the Hart family on her passing. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE REVEREND 
ROOSEVELT FRANKLIN 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is 
with a heavy heart and solemn remembrance that I rise today to pay tribute to an out-standing spiritual leader and man of God, the Reverend Roosevelt Franklin. Sadly, Rev-erend Franklin passed away on Monday, June 15, 2015. His passing leaves a tremendous void in the hearts of his family, friends, and followers in Georgia and across the world. A funeral service was held in his honor on Satur-day, June 20, 2015 at 1:00 p.m. at First Bap-tist Church in Macon, Georgia. 
Reverend Roosevelt Delano Franklin John-
son was born on August 30, 1933 in Chat-tanooga, Tennessee to James and Cora Ponds Johnson. He attended Oxford School of Divinity in England. Reverend Franklin began his ministry in 1966, and for the past forty-nine years, he has been a willing vessel for the Lord. 
Known around the world as the ‘‘Original 
Georgia Prophet,’’ Rev. Franklin traveled the globe teaching people of all walks of life. He served as pastor of Free For All Baptist Church in Greenwood, South Carolina from 1951 until 1952, when he became a spiritual radio minister. He ministered at Spiritual Church in Aiken, South Carolina from 1962– 1963. His journey then took him to Macon, Georgia, where he became President of United Council of Spiritual Ministers and Tal-ent Coordinator and Promoter of numerous re-nowned spiritual singers. 
Always seeking to improve the craft of 
Christian ministry and discipleship, Rev. Franklin created the television program, ‘‘The Prosperity Way of Living’’ and the radio pro-gram, ‘‘Echo of Prophecy,’’ in the early 1960s. In 1966, Rev. Franklin founded the Holy Trinity House of God, which he pastored until his de-parture to his eternal reward. 
Rev. Franklin proudly served the craft of 
Smooth Ashlar Grand Lodge. He was National Grand Orator for the National Grand Council of Nine. Rev. Franklin received numerous awards and recognitions for his accomplish-ments. 
A charismatic leader with an infectious spir-
itual zeal, Reverend Franklin had a way of en-suring that his listeners found their way to prosperity and happiness as they lived their 
lives in Christ. But beyond his radio ministry, Rev. Franklin made himself available to those who sought a relationship with Christ, and he would hold personal consultations with anyone who needed guidance and encouragement. He taught people to be positive, to search for knowledge, and overall, to be guided by the voice of God. Rev. Franklin was truly a man of integrity who exuded the genuine principles and values of Christian discipleship. 
On a personal note, I have truly been 
blessed by Rev. Franklin’s sage counsel and enduring friendship over the many years I have known him. 
Dr. George Washington Carver once said, 
‘‘No individual has any right to come into the world and go out of it without leaving behind distinct and legitimate reasons for having passed through it.’’ We are so blessed that the Reverend Roosevelt Franklin passed this way and shared with us his legacy of service that will stand the test of time. Surely, the wealth of wisdom that Reverend Franklin has given to his listeners will forever resonate in their hearts and spirits. 
Mr. Speaker, my wife Vivian and I, along 
with the more than 730,000 people in the Sec-ond Congressional District of Georgia, would like to extend our deepest sympathies to Rev. Franklin’s family, friends, and followers during this difficult time. May we all be consoled and comforted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks and months ahead. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE BOROUGH 
OF BANGOR’S 140TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
celebrate the 140th anniversary of the Bor-ough of Bangor, located in Northampton County, Pennsylvania, and its listing on the National Register of Historic Places. 
The area now known as Bangor, PA was 
settled in 1735. It was first named Uttsville after Adam Utt, one of the area’s first hotel builders. In 1855, the name was changed to New Village. Slate was discovered in 1856. Robert M. Jones, from Bethesda, Wales, founded the slate industry, and the first quarry opened in 1863. Bangor was incorporated as a borough on May 5, 1875. At that time, the population was 1,500. It was and is the core community in what came to be known as the Slate Belt region of Northampton County. At its height, Bangor’s slate was known as the finest in the world, and Bangor was home to over seven major hotels. 
In the mid-1990s, a group of Bangor resi-
dents sought to preserve the borough’s histor-ical assets to secure its future vitality. In 2007, Bangor’s Borough Business Revitalization Pro-gram joined a regional Main Street Program to foster the image of Bangor’s traditional assets. The program later evolved into the Slate Belt Community Partnership, which continued the work. The National Register of Historic Places listing was approved in late 2014. Its focus is the slate extraction industry and the ethnic groups it attracted to Bangor from 1866–1940. 
I offer congratulations to the residents of 
Bangor for fulfilling their vision of a preserved 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23JN8.008 E23JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E947 June 23, 2015 
Historic District. I applaud their dedication to 
history and to their community. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF JACK SANTOS SHIMIZU 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the life and legacy of my dear friend Jack Santos Shimizu. Mr. Shimizu served our island and country faithfully and passed away on June 5, 2015 at the age of 75. 
Jack was born on March 23, 1940 to Joa-
quin Torres Shimizu and Ana Santos Shimizu. He grew up in the village of Dededo and was a member of the first graduating class of Santa Barbara Catholic School. As a child, Jack survived the Japanese occupation of Guam during World War II and was a member of Guam’s greatest generation. He joined the United States Navy in 1957 at just 17 years old. Jack served in the U.S. Navy for 28 years before retiring as Master Chief Petty Officer in July 1985. 
Upon retiring from the Navy, Jack returned 
to Guam and settled in Latte Plantation in the village of Mangilao. He continued a life of service to our community and served in sev-eral positions in the Government of Guam. He was appointed the Chief of Police of the Guam Police Department and the Director of the Guam Department of Corrections. 
Most notably, Jack dedicated much of his 
time to helping veterans. He was instrumental in founding the Guam chapter of the Military Order of the Purple Heart (MOPH). Jack was the current Commander of the Asia-Pacific Military Order of the Purple Heart. He devoted his time to carry out the mission of the MOPH to foster an environment of goodwill and ca-maraderie among combat wounded veterans, promote patriotism, support necessary legisla-tive initiatives, and most importantly, provide service to all veterans and their families. Jack was active in promoting the organization to Purple Heart recipients and making them aware of services that were available to them. He, along with other members would visit homebound residents to assess their needs and offer assistance. He would also lead the organization in fundraising to assist other charitable organizations. Additionally, Jack vol-unteered his time at the Veterans Affairs Of-fice in Asan. He will be remembered as a lov-
ing and giving man who was always willing to help others. 
I am deeply saddened by the passing of Mr. 
Jack Santos Shimizu, and I join the people of Guam in celebrating his life and recognizing his dedicated service to Guam and our coun-try. My thoughts and prayers are with his wife, Teresita Quintanilla Shimizu, his children, fam-ily, loved ones and friends. He will be missed, and his memory will live on in the hearts of the people of Guam. TRIBUTE TO WILL BABOCK 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Will Babock from Panorama High School in Panora, Iowa for winning the Class 2A Boys State Golf title. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by this stu-
dent demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication, and perseverance. I am honored to represent him and his family in the United States Congress. I know all of my colleagues in the House join me in congratulating Will on competing in this rigorous competition and wishing him continued success in his edu-cation and high school golf career. 
f 
HONORING INTERNATIONAL YOGA 
DAY 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor a global day of physical and mental ex-ercise as the world celebrates International Yoga Day on June 21, 2015. 
Yoga is a physical, mental, and spiritual 
practice that aims to integrate the body and the mind. It encourages participants to as-sume various postures and to conduct breath-ing exercise, subsequently allowing them to achieve a deeper sense of consciousness and tranquility. 
Developed around the fifth and sixth century 
BCE by the ancient Indian civilizations of the Indus River Valley, yoga is a hallmark of the Indian culture. The world’s religions that origi-nate from India—Buddhism, Hinduism, and Jainism—utilize yoga as a central part of their religious and cultural traditions. In fact, yoga appears prominently in the Bhagadad Gita, one of Hinduism’s most important texts, and in some of the earliest Buddhist texts. 
In the mid-19th century, the Western public 
gained an active interest in yoga, valuing the practice for its transcendental experience. By the 1980’s, yoga became viewed as a means to promote physical wellbeing, citing improve-ments to mental health and flexibility. 
On December 11, 2014, the United Nations 
General Assembly declared June 21st as International Yoga Day. The importance of this special day cannot be understated, because as the saying goes, ‘‘in the practice of yoga, one can emphasize the body, the mind, or the self and hence the effort can never be fruit-less.’’ 
This year, there will be a rally on June 21 
celebrating International Yoga Day in Times Square. I am honored to recognize the invalu-able gift of consciousness and well-being that yoga has brought to the people of the United States and the world, and I wish the partici-pants of International Yoga Day a stimulating experience. THE INTRODUCTION OF THE 
MAJOR GENERAL DAVID F. WHERLEY, JR., DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA NATIONAL GUARD RE-TENTION AND COLLEGE ACCESS ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-
duce the Major General David F. Wherley, Jr., District of Columbia National Guard Retention and College Access Act (NGRCA) on the six- year anniversary of the tragic June 22, 2009 Metro crash, where General Wherley, former Commanding General of the D.C. National Guard, his wife, Ann, and seven others were killed when Metro trains collided on the Red Line. Yesterday, the District of Columbia opened Legacy Memorial Park in Ward 4 to honor those who lost their lives and the 70 area residents who were injured. My bill would permanently authorize funding for a program that provides grants for higher education to members of the D.C. National Guard, which is funded by the federal government. I have re-named this bill after General Wherley because he worked tirelessly with me to get funding for the program for many years, and because of his devotion to the youth of the District of Co-lumbia. 
The NGRCA authorizes an education incen-
tive program, recommended by the late Gen-eral Wherley and his successor, Major Gen-eral Errol Schwartz, to stem the troublesome loss of members of the D.C. Guard to other units. Surrounding states offer such edu-cational benefits to their Guards. I am grateful that Congress has provided funds for the pro-gram in recent years, most recently in fiscal year 2015. Naming a permanently authorized program after General Wherley would memori-alize his service to the country and to the Guard in a way that I know his family would appreciate. Authorizing funding is necessary to ensure that D.C. Guard members receive the same treatment and benefits as other National Guard members, particularly those in states that provide the higher education benefits we seek for D.C. Guard members. The Guard for the nation’s capital has a limited ability to compete for regional residents, who may find membership in the Maryland and Virginia Guards more beneficial. A competitive tuition assistance program for the D.C. Guard will provide significant and much needed incen-tives to help maintain enrollment and level the field of competition. The D.C. Guard is a fed-eral instrument not under the control of the mayor of the District of Columbia. The federal government supports D.C. Guard functions and should support this small benefit as well. 
I appreciate that the Congress has not hesi-
tated to fund the education benefits for the D.C. National Guard. These small education incentives have not only encouraged high- quality recruits, but have helped the D.C. Guard to maintain the force necessary to pro-tect the federal presence here, including in the event of a natural disaster or terrorist attack. I am pleased to introduce the bill based on the advice of Guard personnel, who best know what is necessary. 
I urge my colleagues to support the bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JN8.011 E23JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E948 June 23, 2015 
HOUSTON ASIAN CHAMBER OF 
COMMERCE 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
commemorate the 25th anniversary of the Houston Asian Chamber of Commerce. 
The Houston Asian Chamber of Commerce 
has served our community well for 25 suc-cessful years. They have been vigilant in their mission to develop future business leaders and to promote the economic development of Houston-area Asian-American communities. The Asian Chamber of Commerce also has a pivotal role in promoting trade for both Hous-ton, Texas and Asia. Chamber Co-chairs Samina Farid, Gordon Quan and Stephen Le, Sr. recently threw an event that truly honored the achievements of the last 25 years. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to the Houston Asian Chamber of Commerce on a wonderful 25 years. Thank you for all that you have done for our community. 
f 
HONORING THE 175TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE LICKING UNITED METHODIST CHURCH 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the 175th anniversary of the Licking United Methodist Church located in Licking, Missouri. The church was organized in 1840 as the first Methodist Society of Lick-ing which met at parishioners’ homes and later a schoolhouse. 
Since its founding, the church’s space and 
membership have steadily grown. By 1937 the church had built an entire new sanctuary with a seating capacity of roughly 500 people and added a new cobblestone vestibule and bell tower in 1950. In addition to providing a place for communal prayer for a devoted congrega-tion, they also actively serve the local commu-nity. The church has regular food drives, hosts free dinners open to all, organizes blood drives, and even supports a community gar-den. Through its long and rich history, the church’s vital congregation has remained an integral part of the city of Licking. 
For their ongoing dedication to serving 
Christ and their community, it is my pleasure to honor the Licking United Methodist Church on their 175th anniversary before the House of Representatives. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. STEPHEN LEE FINCHER 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. FINCHER. Mr. Speaker, on June 18, 
2015, I missed a Roll Call vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘YEA’’ on Roll Call #375, on passage of the Protect Medical Innovation Act. TRIBUTE TO DR. DAN KINNEY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Dr. Dan Kinney, President of Iowa Western Community College in Coun-cil Bluffs, Iowa. Dr. Kinney has devoted his ca-reer to the community college system. Iowa Western Community College has been a vital part of the development of Southwest Iowa since being founded in 1967, and Dr. Kinney has led the college for the past 21 years. Dr. Kinney has been responsible for the growth and expansion of this outstanding community college. He has helped to build a learning in-stitution that has a reputation for providing a quality education and producing skilled grad-uates. 
Iowa Western currently offers 84 different 
vocational and technical programs, as well as Arts and Sciences transfer majors. Current en-rollment exceeds 5,500 students and there are over 42,795 enrollments in continuing edu-cation classes each year. In recognition of Dr. Kinney’s successful tenure, the College Board of Trustees recently announced that the new engineering and technology building would be named in his honor. This honor is given to Dr. Kinney for his dedication and determination to move the college forward by meeting the growing demand for students in engineering and technology. 
Dr. Kinney’s leadership has been critical to 
the development of this premier, state-of-the- art, and respected learning institution in the state of Iowa. Dr. Kinney is an Iowan who has made a difference in the lives of many and for that we are deeply proud. He has dedicated his life to helping and serving others and so it is with great honor that I recognize him today. I know my colleagues in the House join me in honoring his accomplishments. I thank him for his service and wish him and his family all the best moving forward. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE SAC-
RAMENTO JAPANESE AMERICAN CITIZENS LEAGUE SCHOLARSHIP RECIPIENTS 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the Sacramento Japanese American Citizens League’s annual high school scholar-ship recipients. As the members of the Sac-ramento Japanese American Citizens League and the students gather to celebrate, I ask all of my colleagues to join me in recognizing these deserving young women and men. 
Each year, the Sacramento Japanese Amer-
ican Citizens League provides scholarships to a select group of high school students who have demonstrated academic excellence, community service and commitment to pursue a higher education. These students will be honored in a public ceremony at the Sac-ramento Japanese American Citizens League’s scholarship dinner this evening. This year the following outstanding students will re-ceive scholarships: Kevin Abdelnour, John F. 
Kennedy High School; Kenji Bennett, Mira Loma High School; Quinn S. Fujii, C.K. McClatchy High School; Lindsey Kikumoto, Laguna Creek High School; Benjamin Kopania, Oak Ridge High School; Reid Masaki, West Campus High School; Jasper Miura, Mira Loma High School; and Alex Playdon, C.K. McClatchy High School. 
I would also like to recognize last year’s 
scholarship recipients: Sydney Kajioka, La-guna Creek High School; Aaron Matsuda, C.K. McClatchy High School; Kari Nakamura, John F. Kennedy High School; Matthew Nakatomi, John F. Kennedy High School; Rebecca Uda, C.K. McClatchy High School; and Kayla Umemoto, Mira Loma High School. 
The Sacramento Japanese American Citi-
zens League is dedicated to advancing the civil rights of all Americans, while also leading the Japanese American community to further social and economic equality. I trust that the students being recognized will carry this tradi-tion forward to protect the civil rights of all of our citizens and stay engaged in their commu-nities. 
Mr. Speaker, as these students are being 
recognized by the Japanese American Citi-zens League members, I ask my colleagues to join me in wishing them success in their future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING DR. LUCIANO 
FRANCISCO RAMON BACA 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Dr. Luciano Francisco Ramon Baca, otherwise known as ‘‘Lu’’ in his beloved com-munity. 
Born and raised in Las Vegas, New Mexico, 
Dr. Lu dedicated his life in the service of oth-ers and to his fellow New Mexicans. For more than 10 years, Lu worked as a Social Studies teacher at Leah Harvey Middle School teach-ing students the heartfelt principles, values, and beliefs that make our country great. Dr. Lu’s work transcended the classroom; as Head of the Legislative Educational Com-mittee Lu spearheaded efforts to better fi-nance and improve educational outcomes in New Mexico. 
Dr. Lu also had a firm belief that our work-
force—the individuals who gave their hard work, persistence and determination to build our country—deserved the support and protec-tions they earned when they retired. After serving in state government, Lu dedicated his life to senior citizens, and carried out every task with the full weight of his energy. He served as the former chief of public school fi-nance for the New Mexico Department of Fi-nance and Administration, helped create the constitution of the State Board of Education as well as the equalized Public School Funding Formula in 1974, and served on the Board of Directors for La Familia Medical Center and with the AARP for 15 years. 
More than anything, Lu loved his family and 
wife of 55 years, Mindy Esquibel Baca. In fact, it was rare to find a time when they were not sharing an experience together, celebrating a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23JN8.016 E23JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E949 
family event, or helping out in the community. 
Dr. Lu cherished his time with his family and could be consistently found going above and beyond to help out an individual in need. 
While Dr. Lu is no longer with us, his lasting 
contributions are still a presence in the com-munity to this day. His character is espoused in the individuals he inspired throughout his life, and his enduring principles live on in the hearts and minds of all those he met. May the memory of Dr. Lu continue to live on in all of us. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DICK 
ROSSBERG 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to celebrate the life of Dick Rossberg—fa-ther, husband, grandfather, and Torrance pa-triarch—who passed away on June 10, 2015, at the age of 87. 
Dick was a passionate and rare human 
being whose love of Torrance was evident in all he did. He was a resident of Torrance since 1956 and served on the City Council and as president of the chamber of com-merce. He was president of the Palos Verdes Rotary, Hollywood Riviera Sportsman’s Club, Los Verdes Men’s Golf Club and South Bay Cities Association. 
Our community owes Dick a debt of grati-
tude for his many achievements. Dick was an advocate of Old Torrance redevelopment ef-forts, ensuring that the history of Torrance would be passed on to future generations. He founded Torrance’s Community Energy Action Committee, which proved to be important dur-ing the 1978 energy crisis. Dick helped build a nationally recognized economic education program in the city’s schools, as well. 
Dick has left a tremendous and indelible 
mark on the City of Torrance. He touched countless lives and made each of them better for having known him. 
Dick is survived by his wife of 62 years, 
June, his sons, Kirk and Chris, his daughters, Claudia McClain and Jill Carlton, and his three grandchildren. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring 
the remarkable life of my dear friend, Dick Rossberg. 
f 
RECOGNIZING KEN FARFSING 
HON. ALAN S. LOWENTHAL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize Mr. Ken Farfsing, upon his retire-ment as the City Manager of the City of Signal Hill, California on June 30, 2015. 
I’ve had the pleasure of working with Ken 
on local and state-wide issues for almost 20 years while serving on the Long Beach City Council, in the California State Legislature, and now in the U.S. Congress, and I consider him to be a dear friend. 
Ken has over 33 years of experience in 
community development, redevelopment, eco-nomic development and city management in 
five Southern California communities. Ken has spent the last 19 years serving the City of Sig-nal Hill, and I am honored to recognize his outstanding career. 
Ken began his career with the City of Santa 
Fe Springs, California in 1981 as an intern. In 1985 he was promoted to Community Devel-opment Director. 
In 1988 he continued his career as the 
Community Development Director for the City of Downey. He later became Downey’s Assist-ant City Manager and Director of Economic Development. He served as the City Manager of the City of South Pasadena for four years before coming to Signal Hill. 
Under his guidance, the city established 
three commercial centers, Town Center North, Town Center West and the Signal Hill Gate-way Center. He facilitated the relocation of a Mercedes Benz dealership to Signal Hill and the expansion of Glenn E. Thomas Dodge Auto Dealership, growing sales tax revenues from 6 million dollars to more than 12 million dollars. Additionally, he completed the devel-opment of six community parks and a new po-lice station. 
Ken has been active in regional issues and 
a leader with expertise on water issues, work-ing with the 27 area Gateway Cities Council of Government on water, storm water and urban runoff regulation and practices. He served as chair of the City Manager’s Steering Com-mittee for the Gateway Cities Manager’s Group and was a member of the ‘‘Water Qual-ity Task Force’’ of the League of California. 
Ken Farfsing’s leadership and service to the 
community of Signal Hill will be greatly missed. I want to wish him the very best as he retires. His impact on the city will always be remembered. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to ask all of my 
distinguished colleagues to join me in thanking Ken Farfsing for his 19 years of public service with the City of Signal Hill. 
f 
VICTOR VALLEY COLLEGE 
FOUNDATION TURNS 40 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to cel-
ebrate the 40th anniversary of the Victor Val-ley College Foundation’s establishment. This organization has helped Victor Valley College better serve my constituents of the High Desert by providing students the tools to achieve not only their academic goals, but life goals as well. Students have received more than $6 million in scholarships, allowing them to focus on their studies rather than how to pay for college. 
Through donations, grants, and partner-
ships, the Victor Valley College Foundation has expanded the budget of the Victor Valley College by nearly $50 million. In doing so, higher education has been more accessible than public funding alone would have allowed. Over the past 40 years, almost every depart-ment and program at Victor Valley College has been supported by the Foundation, of which are the School of Nursing, Southern California Logistics Airport School of Aviation Technology, Solar Photovoltaic Design and In-stallation, Automotive Technology Hybrid Vehi-
cle Maintenance, Geographic Information Sys-tems, Contract and Community Education, and Paramedic Academy. 
The Victor Valley College Foundation has 
enriched campus life by supporting student ex-perience programs that include the Associated Student Body, Athletics, Model United Nations, Performing Arts, and Tropical Research Insti-tute. Among its major accomplishments, the Foundation helped open and outfit influential campus facilities like the Performing Arts Cen-ter, Student Activities Center, Regional Public Safety Training Center, and the new Dr. Prem Reddy Health and Science Building. 
Finally, I would like to congratulate the 
Board Officers, Directors, Emeritus Council, and the Staff members on the Victor Valley College Foundation’s 40th Anniversary. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GLORIA WHETSTONE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Gloria Whetstone for 50 years of service with the CHI Health Mercy Hospital in Council Bluffs, Iowa. Gloria was hired on March 6, 1965, and she is the first employee to be honored for this milestone an-niversary. She has worked on every floor of the old and new hospital facilities, including the cardiac care unit, psychiatry unit, and in the Intensive Care Unit. Gloria is always will-ing to lend a helping hand to her co-workers and has been an educator for many years, teaching Basic Life Support and Advanced Cardiac Life Support classes. 
Throughout her career, Gloria has volun-
teered in her community as an agent of change. She makes and donates crib sheets for Birthright, helps with funerals at St. Pat-rick’s Church, makes cookies to send to our U.S. troops overseas, is involved in commu-nity events through her local sorority, is an ac-tive member of the Pioneer Garden Club, and helps out with the upkeep and maintenance of the neighborhood pool. Gloria and her hus-band, James, have four children, 13 grand-children, and two great-grandchildren. 
Gloria has been a mentor to many young 
nurses and monitor techs throughout her ca-reer. She is a shining example of compassion and excellence in the work she does. Gloria received the Spirit of Mission Award given by CHI Health Mercy Hospital system, which is the highest honor given to employees and physicians. Gloria contributes daily to the or-ganizational success by regularly dem-onstrating excellence in all four core areas: reverence, integrity, compassion and excel-lence. Gloria has touched many lives during her 50 years of service, she takes pride in her work, and is a testament to hard work and caring for others. 
Gloria Whetstone is an Iowan who has 
made our community and state proud. She has dedicated her life to helping and serving others, and it is with great honor that I recog-nize her today. I know that my colleagues in the House join me in honoring her accomplish-ments. I thank her for her service and wish her and her family all the best moving forward. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 Feb 19, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\E23JN5.REC E23JN5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E950 June 23, 2015 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE SUMMIT 
OF HOPE PROGRAM 
HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize 
the Summit of Hope, which has become one of the most successful programs at reducing recidivism in the nation. Too many former in-mates leave prison ill-prepared to find work and resume their lives, and the rate at which prisoners return to incarceration is far too high. The economic and human costs associ-ated with high recidivism rates are unaccept-able, and we must work for change. 
The Summit of Hope is a collaborative effort 
between the Illinois Department of Correc-tions, the Illinois Department of Public Health and local organizations throughout the state. In 2014, over 13,000 parolees and proba-tioners received resources and assistance which helps many of them along the path to successful re-entry into society. Overseen by Senior Community Outreach Administrator Marcus King, the Summit of Hope is an exam-ple of how we can work together to address our most pressing challenges. 
Mr. Speaker, I will be joining Summit of 
Hope and community leaders at an event in North Chicago, Illinois. I consider it an honor to be a part of their initiative. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE PUBLIC 
SERVICE OF TOM PARROTT 
HON. SANDER M. LEVIN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, today, I wish to 
commemorate the public service of Tom Parrott. Tom is retiring from the Social Secu-rity Administration after more than four dec-ades of service to the millions of Americans who rely on Social Security. I serve as the Ranking Democrat on the Committee on Ways and Means, and over the years my colleagues and I and our staff have relied heavily on Tom’s thoughtful and accurate advice as we crafted Social Security and Supplemental Se-curity Income legislation. We and our constitu-ents owe Tom our thanks for his careful stew-ardship of their contributions and the benefits they rely on to live. 
Tom’s roots at Social Security are deep, as 
his father of the same name and his mother served at SSA before him. In fact, Tom says he can remember polishing the family car so his parents could go to the movies with Mr. and Mrs. Bob Ball. 
In January 1975, Tom began his service at 
Social Security as a claims representative in the Midtown Manhattan district office, before being assigned to the Rochester, New York and, subsequently, Redding, California district offices. In 1980, he was welcomed back to his home town of Baltimore as a policy analyst in the predecessor office of the current Office of Legislation and Congressional Affairs. He then devoted himself for the last 35 years to work-ing on federal legislation, providing impartial and knowledgeable counsel. He has been Act-ing Deputy Commissioner for Legislation and Congressional Affairs, and currently serves as 
Assistant Deputy Commissioner. 
Tom’s commitment to public service runs 
deeply. Prior to coming to Social Security, Tom was a VISTA volunteer and later a field health inspector working for the State with mi-grant farm workers in the potato and apple growing regions of western New York. Tom is a 1972 graduate of Denison University, and completed the Federal Executive Institute’s Leadership for a Democratic Society program in 2005. He became a member of the Senior Executive Service in 2008. 
As evidenced by his long and successful 
service in SSA’s legislative affairs office, Tom has a keen eye for public policy, under-standing the need to balance competing ob-jectives in a politically and operationally work-able fashion, and always with the Americans who rely on Social Security firmly in mind. We and our staffs have enjoyed working with Tom—one of his gifts is the ability to retain a calm demeanor and a sense of humor no mat-ter what the situation. We have relied greatly on Tom’s assistance and wise counsel over the years. We thank him for his service, and we wish him a well-earned retirement. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF MS. JOYCE ANN BROWN 
HON. MARC A. VEASEY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life and legacy of Ms. Joyce Ann Brown of Dallas, Texas. Ms. Brown was wrongly convicted of aggravated robbery in 1980 and unfairly served over nine years in prison despite her innocence. Following her release in 1989, Ms. Brown used her story to fight for justice for those wrongly convicted in Texas and around the country. Her passing on June 13, 2015 leaves a void in the city of Dal-las and I join the Texas community in giving our condolences to the Brown family. 
Ms. Brown was raised in Dallas, Texas. In 
1980, at the age of 33 she was accused of murder after a local robbery turned violent. Despite eyewitness testimony verifying her alibi, Ms. Brown was wrongfully convicted. Fol-lowing her conviction, Ms. Brown refused to be a victim of her circumstances and fought for a dignified release. 
After numerous appeal requests went unan-
swered, Ms. Brown was finally permitted a re- trial and released on bond on November 3, 1989. After being incarcerated for nearly a decade for a crime she did not commit, she was finally able to see her charges dropped on February 14, 1990. 
Following her release, Ms. Brown served as 
an assistant for nine years to Dallas County Commissioner, John Wiley Price and later founded MASS, Mothers/Fathers for the Ad-vancement of Social Systems. Ms. Brown’s or-ganization aimed to use her experience and passion to help others who were wrongfully convicted. 
Ms. Brown spent the remainder of her life 
advocating on the behalf of currently and for-merly incarcerated populations with the goal of promoting their successful reintegration into society. Her autobiography Joyce Brown: Jus-tice Denied remains as a testament to both the events that led to her wrongful conviction 
and her commitment to ensuring justice for all following her exoneration. 
In honor of Ms. Joyce Ann Brown, a tireless 
advocate for justice, this statement will be en-tered into the congressional record on Tues-day, June 23, 2015. She will be remembered as a leader, trailblazer and true public servant for the state of Texas and beyond. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,152,689,167,905.61. We’ve 
added $7,525,812,118,992.53 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF MR. 
JOHN R. ROZZO 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the life of Mr. John R. Rozzo. Mr. Rozzo was highly respected within the com-munity for his career as an educator, his dedi-cation to the community, and his love for his friends and family. 
John was born on January 17th, 1941 to 
Samuel and Mary G. Airato Rozzo. He grad-uated from Girard High School in 1958 and afterwards attended Youngstown State Univer-sity, where he received his B.S. in Education in 1963. John began teaching social studies and science at St. Edward School in Youngs-town in 1962 while working towards his Mas-ter’s in Education, which he received in 1968 from Westminster College. He eventually went on to serve as principal for St. Edwards School, Our Lady of Mt. Cannel in Niles, St. Dominic Elementary School in Youngstown, and St. Joseph Elementary School in Austintown before retiring in 2011. His legacy as a teacher and administrator lives on through all of his students whose lives he im-pacted through his work. 
Mr. Rozzo was also a highly regarded lead-
er. He was a man who constantly sacrificed his time for his community. As an educator, he served as regional superintendent, member of the Trumbull County Parochial Schools Prin-cipal’s Advisory Board, the Diocesan Board of Education and Athletic Director. At St. Joseph parish, he was a lector, Eucharistic minister, and leader of prayer. Being the advocate for education that he was, John served as judge and checker for the Vindicator Spelling Bee for over 40 years. He also showed a fierce com-mitment to the Austintown Girls’ Softball league by serving as a president, coach, man-ager and was inducted as a member of their hall of fame. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23JN8.026 E23JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E951 June 23, 2015 
St. Joseph Parish named Mr. Rozzo man of 
the year, a title anyone in the community could agree he undoubtedly deserved. John is survived by his wife of 51 years, the former Janet M. Berard whom he married May 2, 1964; his children, Pamela J. Pasquale, Denise M. Rozzo, Alaina M. Chepke, and John A. Rozzo; his brother and sisters, Phyllis Soroka, Connie Nickell, Anthony Rozzo, Ginny Gustovich and Marilyn Bianco; his aunt, Fran Airato; his 10 grandchildren, his great-grand-daughter, Leighton and many nieces, neph-ews, cousins and friends. John Rozzo leaves behind a great example for all of us to follow as a man of faith, community activism, and true leadership. He will be dearly missed. 
f 
THE MISSING BLACK MALE 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, as the mother of two 
black men and grandmother of two black boys, we’re here to talk about a crisis in our communities: the crisis of missing black men. 
In order for us to understand where these 
men have gone, we must understand the root of the problem. Simply put, too many places in our nation are a tale of two cities. One city is bright, shiny and new—it’s home to new con-dominiums and fancy restaurants. The other city is littered with boarded up stores, aban-doned homes, and too many people without a job and without hope. 
This disparity did not happen overnight. 
We’ve lived with these structural injustices for centuries. But it wasn’t until race riots erupted in Watts, Chicago, and Detroit in 1968 that our government began to take notice. 
After the riots, President Johnson convened 
the Kerner Commission to investigate the root causes of the unrest. The Commission found a nation ‘‘moving towards two societies, one black, one white, separate and unequal.’’ Tragically, this report could have been written last week. In the last 50 years, these structural injustices have barely budged. And black men are still being pushed out of American society. 
According to a New York Times report pub-
lished in April, there is an estimated 1.5 million black men aged 24–54 who are simply miss-ing from civic life. Let me repeat—one in six black men have disappeared from civic life. 1.5 million black men missing—that can be hard to visualize. 
So think about it this way: There are more African-American men miss-
ing nationwide than there are African-Amer-ican men residing in Los Angeles, Philadel-phia, Detroit, Houston, Washington D.C. and Boston, combined. Let me say that again: There are more African American men missing from our society than black men living in Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Detroit, Houston, Washington D.C. and Boston—COMBINED. 
Many have been lost to our jails and pris-
ons, which disproportionately incarcerate black men. And others have lost their lives far too young. Some are the victims of homicide; oth-ers, the victims of a healthcare system that fails to care for them. This is tragic—but it’s hardly surprising. The inequity of opportunity for black men starts at birth. More than one in three black children are 
born into poverty. The cycle of poverty con-tinues in school systems that institutionalize discrimination and racial bias. While black stu-dents represent just 18 percent of preschool enrollment, they account for 42 percent of pre-school student expulsions. 
We are talking about kids that are 2–5 years 
old—these kids don’t even get a start, let alone a head start. And this crisis of inequality extends from education to the economy itself. Over the past four decades, the average un-employment rate for blacks has been DOU-BLE the rate for white Americans. 
And the current unemployment rate for 
black men over 20 stands at 10.2 percent— that’s higher than the national average at the height of the recent recession. For many black men, it feels like there is a permanent reces-sion. In the world’s richest and most powerful nation, it is simply inexcusable for the inequi-ties to persist. 
Mr. Speaker—this must be our call to ac-
tion. 
We must come together like never before to 
address the systemic inequalities that are en-demic in our nation—inequalities that leave black men behind. 
We know that one in six African American 
men are missing because they are incarcer-ated or the victims of premature deaths. To start undoing this crisis, we need a coordi-nated approach including legislation, local pro-grams and broad national initiatives. 
We must re-double our support of the Presi-
dent’s My Brother’s Keeper initiative. I encour-age everyone, especially my Congressional colleagues, to encourage your local leaders to engage in this initiative, which builds ladders of opportunity and unlocks the full potential of boys and young men of color through a col-laborative public-private partnership. 
We must also look for innovation solutions 
that are currently working in our communities and bring them to the national stage. I am proud that Oakland Unified School District, in my congressional district, is the first school district to have a dedicated department to ad-dress the needs of African American male stu-dents. And we need more like it across the country. 
These national and local initiatives are work-
ing but Congress also has a role. It’s past time for us to get serious about addressing the lack of opportunity for black men and boys in this country. 
Right now—today—in this chamber, there is 
legislation that can and will start moving the needle. 
Legislation that will create real, good-paying 
jobs—legislation that will give everyone a fair chance at a job—legislation that will ensure a college degree is within reach for everyone, regardless of where they were born or what race they are. Legislation that will bring health equity and reform our broken criminal justice system. 
In my role as co-chair of the CBC Task 
Force on Poverty and the Economy and Chair of the Democratic Whip’s Task Force on Pov-erty, Income Inequality, and Opportunity, I am proud to be working with more than 100 of my colleagues, to advance policies that give black men—and really all Americans—a fair shot 
This work includes the Half in Ten Act (H.R. 
258)—which would develop a national strategy to cut poverty in half the next decade. That’s more than 22 million Americans lifted out of 
poverty and into the middle class in just the next 10 years by being strategic and coordi-nating our existing programs. 
We also need to raise the minimum wage— 
and fight for a living wage because too many Americans are working full time and still strug-gling to make ends meet. 
I am proud to cosponsor Congressman A
L 
GREEN ’s The Original Living Wage Act (H.R. 
122) and Congressman S COTT ’s Raise the 
Wage Act (H.R. 2150), legislation that would increase the minimum wage for federal work-ers and the national minimum wage to $12 by 2020, respectively. We also need to fight against the disparities that persist in our health care system. The Affordable Care Act was a good start but more is needed. 
For years, the Congressional tri-caucus has 
championed this effort by introducing The Health Equity and Accountability Act (HEAA). Congresswoman R
OBIN KELLY will have the 
honor in introducing this important legislation this Congress and I am proud to co-lead this effort as co-chair of the CAPAC Health Task Force. 
This important legislation builds on the Af-
fordable Care Act and puts us on track to eliminate health disparities in our country. 
Lastly, we need to empower communities to 
build greater trust between law enforcement and communities of color. And we need to ad-dress chronic recidivism, which would be a huge step towards returning some of our ‘‘missing’’ men home to their families and communities. 
That is why Congress should pass the bi-
partisan Stop Militarizing Law Enforcement Act (H.R. 1232), which I am a proud cosponsor of, to stop the militarization of our nation’s police forces. 
We need to pass the Police Accountability 
Act (H.R. 1102) and the Grand Jury Reform Act (H.R. 429) so we can ensure that deadly force cases are heard by a judge and there is more accountability among police officers. 
I was also proud to lead a letter, signed by 
72 of my colleagues, urging the President to adopt a fair chance hiring policy at the federal level for individuals who have been previously incarcerated. A fair chance hiring policy would level the playing field and help stop the cycle of recidivism that’s plaguing our communities. 
This is simply the right thing to do: the fed-
eral government shouldn’t put up barriers to work for those trying to rebuild their lives after making a mistake. It is vital that Congress acts to ensure the tragedies in Ferguson, Staten Is-land, Oakland—in my district—and now Balti-more are not repeated. 
Mr. Speaker, we can end the phenomenon 
of the missing black male. We must keep call-ing for action. 
As Dr. King said in his ‘‘Two Americas’’ 
speech that he gave on April 14th, 1968 at Stanford University: ‘We must come to see that social progress never rolls in on the wheels of inevitability. It comes through the tireless efforts and the persistent work of dedi-cated individuals.’ 
We must each be those dedicated individ-
uals working for the social progress that is so desperately needed. 
I urge my colleagues: act and act now—too 
much is at stake. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JN8.030 E23JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E952 June 23, 2015 
TRIBUTE TO THE DOWLING 
CATHOLIC HIGH SCHOOL GIRLS GOLF TEAM 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate the Girls Golf Team from Dowling Catholic High School for winning the Class 5–A State Girls Golf Title on June 2nd, 2015 at Elmwood Golf Club. 
Dowling Catholic High School has a proud 
tradition of strong athletic programs, with this being their 59th team state championship in school history. Members of the golf team in-clude: Anne Gradoville, Allison Olberding, Erica Olberding, Hannah Toresdahl, Murphy Cavanaugh, Sydney Webb and Ella Dryer and Coach Ron Gray. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by these stu-
dents demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication, and perseverance. I am honored to represent them and their families in the United States Congress. I know all of my colleagues in the House join me in congratulating the Dowling High School Girls Golf Team on com-peting in this rigorous competition and wishing them nothing but continued success. 
f 
IN SUPPORT OF H.R. 615, THE DE-
PARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECU-RITY INTEROPERABLE COMMU-NICATIONS 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of the Concur in the Senate Amendment to H.R. 615, the Homeland Secu-rity Interoperable Communications Act for three reasons. 
The bill would address interoperability 
among information technology systems and radio communications systems to exchange voice, data, and video in real time. 
First, the bill will save lives of first respond-
ers and those they seek to help; Second, the legislation is necessary to create a seamless level of communication among Department of Homeland Security components that are first responders to a terrorist attack, natural or manmade disaster; and finally to meet the technological challenges of bridging the com-munication divide between different commu-nications systems used by first responders within the Department of Homeland Security. 
As a senior member of the House Com-
mittee on Homeland Security, I am well aware, as are many of my colleagues, of the essential and lifesaving role of communications during a crisis. 
Because the tragedy of September 11, 
2001, was compounded by communication failures among the brave first responders who entered the burning towers that comprised the World Trade Center it has been an imperative of the Homeland Security Committee to ad-dress first responder communication interoper-ability challenges. 
The number of first responders lost on that 
single day was the greatest loss of first re-sponders at any single event in U.S. History: 343 New York City Fire Department fire-
fighters; 23 New York City Police Department officers; 37 Port Authority Police Department officers; 15 EMTs and 3 court officers were casualties of the attacks. 
The need for this bill authored by Congress-
man P
AYNE is evident. 
The City of Houston covers over a 1000 
square mile region in Southeast Texas. It has a night-time population of nearly two million people, which peaks with over three million daytime inhabitants. 
The City of Houston’s 9-1-1 Emergency 
Center manages nearly 9,000 emergency calls 
per day. The volume of emergency calls can easily double during times of inclement weath-er or special City social/sporting events like Hurricanes Ike in September 2008; and Katrina as well as Rita, which occurred in September and October of 2005). 
Annually, one out of every ten citizens uses 
EMS. 
There are over 200,000 EMS incidents in-
volving over 225,000 patients or potential pa-tients annually. On the average, EMS re-sponds to a citizen every 3 minutes. Each EMS response is made by one of 88 City of Houston EMS vehicles. 
In 2013, the City of Houston’s fire Depart-
ment lost Captain EMT Matthew Renaud, En-gineer Operator EMT Robert Bebee, Fire-fighter EMT Robert Garner and Probationary Firefighter Anne Sullivan when they responded to a hotel fire. 
Throughout the history of the Houston Po-
lice Department over 110 officers have lost their lives in the line of duty. 
Each member of the House of Representa-
tives knows of the loss of a first responder who was going to the aid of those in harm’s way. This bill will offer additional resources to the first responders of the Department of Homeland Security. 
The bill amends the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 to include among the responsibilities of the Under Secretary for Management re-sponsibilities with respect to policies and di-rectives to achieve and maintain interoperable communications among the components of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). 
The Under Secretary of Homeland Security 
would submit to the House and Senate Home-land Security Committees a strategy, which shall be updated as necessary, for achieving and maintaining interoperable communica-tions, including for daily operations, planned events, and emergencies, with corresponding milestones, that includes: 
An assessment of interoperability gaps in 
radio communications DHS components, as of this Act’s enactment date; 
Information on DHS efforts and activities, in-
cluding current and planned policies, direc-tives, and training, since November 1, 2012, to achieve and maintain interoperable commu-nications, and planned efforts and activities to achieve and maintain interoperable commu-nications; 
An assessment of obstacles and challenges 
to achieving and maintaining interoperable communications; 
Information on, and an assessment of, the 
adequacy of mechanisms available to the Under Secretary to enforce and compel com-pliance with interoperable communications policies and directives of DHS; 
Guidance provided to DHS components to 
implement interoperable communications poli-cies and directives; The total amount of funds expended by 
DHS since November 1, 2012, and projected future expenditures, to achieve interoperable communications; and 
Dates upon which DHS-wide interoperability 
is projected to be achieved for voice, data, and video communications, respectively, and interim milestones. 
The bill ensures that the Department of 
Homeland Security would conduct a survey of intra-agency efforts or task forces that have been delegated responsibilities for achieving and maintaining interoperable communica-tions, and report on the status of these efforts, including: 
Progress on each interim milestone; infor-
mation on any policies, directives, guidance, and training established by the Under Sec-retary of Homeland Security; an assessment of the level of compliance, adoption, and par-ticipation among the DHS components with the policies, directives, guidance, and training established by the Under Secretary; and infor-mation on any additional resources or authori-ties needed by the Under Secretary. 
This bill will ensure that the Department of 
Homeland Security’s first responders are pre-pared to meet the challenges of manmade or natural disasters. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in voting in 
favor of H.R. 615. 
f 
RACHAEL TURNER TOPS THE 
CHARTS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Rachael Turner for her continued success in Nashville as a country music artist. To find such success in Nashville’s competi-tive country music scene is an amazing ac-complishment. 
Rachael, a Fort Bend Christian Academy 
graduate and Sugar Land native, has shown remarkable artistic ability and charisma while finding great success in the music industry. Rachael signed with Rustic Records where her two most recent singles, ‘‘Matches and Moonshine’’ and ‘‘Meet Me in the Middle’’ have both made it in to the top 50 on the Music Row Charts. She most recently per-formed at the annual CMA music festival in Nashville. We hope to see you take the Hous-ton Rodeo stage next. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Rachael for taking the country music indus-try by storm. 
f 
PROTECTING SENIORS’ ACCESS TO 
MEDICARE ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 18, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, 
Medicare and Social Security are our nation’s sacred trusts with seniors and disabled Ameri-cans. Senior citizens in New Jersey and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23JN8.032 E23JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E953 June 23, 2015 
across the county have worked hard through-
out their lives to provide for their families and help build our communities, all while making their fair and full contributions of taxes into the programs. It is our duty to respect these sac-rifices and ensure that programs continue to deliver on promises made. 
To that end, I was proud to cosponsor and 
support today’s House passage of H.R. 1190, the Protecting Seniors’ Access to Medicare Act of 2015. This bipartisan legislation would completely repeal the Independent Payment Advisory Board (IPAB), an unelected and un-accountable board of fifteen bureaucrats who would possess the power to determine what to pay doctors who provide critical treatments and services under Medicare. 
Created under the fundamentally flawed and 
wildly unpopular Affordable Care Act (ACA)— or Obamacare—IPAB’s recommendations would be considered under fast track proce-dures that would limit critical Congressional input and oversight. Whether or not it is called rationing, IPAB’s mandated focus on short- term savings could result in deep cuts to phy-sician payments and ultimately lead doctors to stop seeing Medicare beneficiaries—seriously undermining seniors’ healthcare decision mak-ing process and jeopardizing their access to lifesaving and quality care. 
The repeal of IPAB will allow Congress to 
continue focusing on policies to ensure that Medicare is sustainable for both current and future generations. Last week I was pleased to support four bills—H.R. 2505, H.R. 2507, H.R. 2570, and H.R. 2582—that strengthen and im-prove Medicare Advantage (MA). These bills will ensure increased transparency and acces-sibility to the popular MA program which pro-vides millions of Medicare beneficiaries with affordable, comprehensive, and innovative care plans. 
Medicare is an absolutely critical component 
for the delivery of affordable, quality healthcare services for American seniors—and I will continue to advocate for legislation that properly supports Medicare. Seniors and dis-abled individuals deserve better than an unelected board of bureaucrats that will only serve to cut payments, ultimately resulting in the denial of certain treatments and services and reduced access to care. Congress must remain focused on solutions that ensure Medi-care is sustainable for current and future gen-erations, and the repeal of IPAB is critical first step. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 40TH 
ANNIVERSARY OF FOX & GOOSE 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the Fox & Goose Public House as they celebrate their 40th anniversary. As its owners, staff, and loyal patrons gather to cele-brate this wonderful occasion, I ask all of my colleagues to join me in recognizing and hon-oring the Fox & Goose for their contributions to the Sacramento Region. 
Modeled after the famous public house 
bearing the same name in the English town of Hebden Bridge, West Yorkshire, Sacramento’s Fox & Goose has become a similarly thriving institution. Founders Bill and Denise Dalton, 
along with their daughter and current owner Allyson Dalton, have successfully created a tradition of excellent quality and service that is an integral part of Sacramento’s dining scene. Since its grand opening on January 15, 1975, Fox & Goose has truly embodied its name as a public house by providing a gathering place for all to visit with friends, unwind with a tradi-tional English or American meal and enjoy their wide range of fine beers, wines, and Scotch. Every time that I am home, I find time to stop by for breakfast and enjoy one of their famous olallieberry scones. 
Over its 40 year history, Fox & Goose has 
received a number of accomplishments and accolades. The restaurant is widely regarded to have the ‘‘Best Breakfast’’ in Sacramento, winning awards and honors in this category many times, and from a number of different publications. Additionally, Fox & Goose’s Open Mic and Pub Quiz nights have provided a great deal of entertainment for many in the Sacramento community to enjoy. The environ-ment created by Bill and Denise, and sus-tained by Allyson, has also become the cen-terpiece of the revitalization of Sacramento’s historic R Street. 
Mr. Speaker, as patrons gather for their 
40th anniversary celebration, I am pleased to honor and recognize Fox & Goose for its im-portant role in enhancing Sacramento’s com-munity. I ask my colleagues to join me in 
wishing them continued success and thanking them for their service to the Sacramento re-gion. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE HONORABLE 
DAMON J. KEITH 
HON. SANDER M. LEVIN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay 
tribute to a proud son of Detroit, Michigan and a true icon in the law and in the civil rights movement, The Honorable Damon J. Keith. Judge Keith, a Senior Judge for the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit, is the subject of a new film entitled ‘‘Walk with Me: The Trials of Damon J. Keith.’’ The world premiere of the film took place in Detroit on June 17, 2015. 
It is truly fitting that Judge Keith’s story be 
told, and that his contributions to our country be more widely known. The grandson of slaves, Judge Keith was born on July 4, 1922, in Detroit. Judge Keith’s father worked in a Ford factory, and pushed his son to be the first person in his family to attend college. Judge Keith lived up to his father’s expecta-tions, graduating from West Virginia State Col-lege in 1943. He was drafted into the Army during World War Two after graduating, and he served in a segregated unit in Europe. His experience in Europe as well as upon his re-turn to the U.S. had a significant impact on him. As he told the Detroit Free Press in 2013, . . . ‘‘after the war was over and I returned to the States, I could see white German soldiers riding in the front of the bus and going into restaurants in the States that said ’for whites only.’ ’’ This spurred Judge Keith to pursue a legal career. 
Judge Keith attended the Howard University 
School of Law, where he was mentored by fu-ture U.S. Supreme Court Justice Thurgood 
Marshall. He received his degree in 1949 and returned to Detroit, where he later earned a Master of Laws from Wayne State University. In 1964, he founded one of the first African American law firms in Detroit. That same year, Judge Keith was elected co-chair of the Michi-gan Civil Rights Commission. The late Judge John Feikens served as the other co-chair and 
my brother Carl as general counsel where he observed firsthand Damon Keith’s exceptional dedication to civil rights for all Americans. Just three years later, at the recommendation of U.S. Senator Phil Hart, President Lyndon Johnson nominated him for appointment to the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan. After serving as Chief Judge of the District Court, in 1977 President Jimmy Carter nominated him to the Sixth Circuit. He was confirmed, and he remains there today. 
His jurisprudence is notable for the number 
of landmark cases which came before him. Several of those cases had to do with issues of race and segregation, including Davis v. School District of the City of Pontiac in 1970, which was the first case in the North in which a federal court ordered integration, and Baker v. City of Detroit in 1979, in which he ordered the Detroit Police Department to carry out Mayor Coleman Young’s plan to integrate the department. One of the other cases for which he is known is U.S. v. Sinclair in 1971, in which he ruled that President Richard Nixon and the Attorney General had no right to wire-tap individuals in domestic security matters without a court order. The Sixth Circuit upheld Judge Keith’s decision, as did the U.S. Su-preme Court in U.S. v. U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan, which be-came known as the Keith case. And in 2002, Judge Keith wrote the Sixth Circuit opinion up-holding a lower court decision in Detroit Free Press v. Ashcroft, which held that the Justice Department could not prevent the press and the public from witnessing deportation hear-ings of people suspected of having ties to ter-rorism. 
Recognizing his leadership despite a dif-
ference in judicial philosophy, in 1987 Chief Justice William Rehnquist named Judge Keith as National Chairman of the Judicial Con-ference Committee on the Bicentennial of the Constitution. In this role, Judge Keith led his colleagues throughout the country in efforts to promote the bicentennial of our nation’s foundational document. 
In addition to his intelligence and his deep 
belief in the importance of equality for all peo-ple, Judge Keith is known for his respectful nature and his fundamental fairness. The di-rector of ‘‘Walk With Me,’’ Jesse Nasser, re-cently told the Detroit Free Press, ‘‘You’re hard pressed to find anybody, whether he ruled for them or ruled against them, nobody will say a bad thing about him. Trust me, we tried. If we interviewed someone who was on the losing side of a case he ruled on, the first thing they’d say is, ‘Before we get started, let me go on the record saying Judge Keith is an incredibly fair judge and an incredible human being.’ ’’ 
Just as the legendary Justice Thurgood 
Marshall mentored a young Damon Keith, so too has Judge Keith helped to guide many young people who, after having clerked for him, have gone on to achieve great things. Among those clerked for Judge Keith are Judge Eric L. Clay, who serves with Judge 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23JN8.035 E23JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E954 June 23, 2015 
Keith on the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals; 
former Michigan Governor Jennifer Granholm; Lani Guinier, the first African American woman to receive a tenured professorship at Harvard Law School; and Jocelyn Benson, the Dean of Wayne State University Law School, which is home to the Damon J. Keith Center for Civil Rights and the Damon J. Keith Collection of African American Legal History. 
Mr. Speaker, perhaps the most quoted line 
of all of Judge Keith’s decisions came from Detroit Free Press v. Ashcroft, in which he wrote that ‘‘Democracy dies behind closed doors.’’ Judge Keith has devoted his life to opening doors for all in society, and indeed in ensuring that all who serve in government are accountable to the principles upon which our nation was founded, and which have been en-hanced and enriched over time. I encourage my colleagues to join me in thanking Judge Damon J. Keith for his truly excellent and in-spirational service to our nation. 
f 
IN OPPOSITION TO H.R. 2685, THE 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AP-PROPRIATION FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in opposition to H.R. 2685, the FY16 Depart-ment of Defense Appropriations Bill. 
While I commend the House Appropriations 
Committee’s support for our servicemembers and our national defense, I have serious con-cerns about the way this bill funds our military operations. As was the case with last month’s National Defense Authorization Act, this ap-propriations bill uses the Overseas Contin-gency Operations budget as a backdoor loop-hole to get around sequestration by funding $38 billion of the Pentagon’s regular base budget activities with war funds—a blatant abuse of the budget process. Just last year, House Republicans criticized the abuse of the OCO loophole in their budget report, stating that it ‘‘undermines the integrity of the budget process’’ and that the Budget Committee would ‘‘oppose increases above the levels the Administration and our military commanders say are needed to carry out operations unless it can be clearly demonstrated that such amounts are war-related.’’ 
Moreover, in following the strategy of the 
Republican budget, this legislation begins the process of locking in sequestration for non-defense programs, which will have a dev-astating impact on investments critical to the nation. We need to get back to the table to have an honest debate about our budget and renegotiate the funding caps for both defense and nondefense. Only then will we be able to provide the necessary resources for our na-tional security needs and to ensure we keep the nation’s commitments to education, re-search, infrastructure, and other crucial drivers of economic prosperity. 
I also have serious concerns with a number 
of other provisions contained in this legislation. I strongly object to a measure which provides $600 million to train and equip the so-called ‘‘moderate’’ Syrian rebels. As I have urged re-peatedly, this initiative could have unintended negative consequences that will not serve our 
ultimate goal of defeating ISIS. Unfortunately, 
an amendment offered to strip this funding was not adopted. 
I strongly oppose sections 8100, 8101, and 
8102 of this bill, which prohibit funding for the transfer of Guantanamo Bay detainees to both the United States and abroad. While we must pursue and prosecute terrorists that seek to do us harm, this facility—and the conduct within its walls—have only served to hurt our nation in the eyes of the world. It is simply un- American to hold individuals without charging them for a crime. I was disappointed that amendments offered by Congressman N
ADLER  
to strike these sections from the legislation were defeated. I also object to the inclusion of unrequested funding for many weapons sys-tems, including $1 billion for additional Army vehicles and weapons systems that the Pen-tagon said was not necessary. 
I appreciate that this bill contains a Sense of 
Congress stating that this body has a Con-stitutional duty to debate and decide when to authorize the use of military force in the fight against ISIL. I support many aspects of the military operations the President is currently conducting against ISIL, including the use of American air power against ISIL targets and in support of Iraqi and Kurdish forces, as well as the deployment of limited numbers of Amer-ican troops to help train and equip those forces. However, it has now been ten months since the President sent troops into Iraq and Syria and four months since the President sent Congress a proposed AUMF to combat ISIL. The President himself said he wanted to revise and ultimately repeal both the 2001 AUMF and 2002 AUMF yet we continue to rely on them as justification for our ongoing military operations. We owe it to our troops and the American people to pass a narrowly tailored AUMF that provides the authority nec-essary to degrade and defeat ISIL without dragging the United States into another un-necessary ground war in the Middle East. 
For those reasons, I was disappointed that 
two amendments offered by Congresswoman L
EEto sunset the 2001 Authorization for Use 
of Military Force Against and Al-Qaeda and associated forces and the 2002 Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq were not adopted. In addition, an amendment offered by Congressman S
CHIFF to prohibit the use of 
funds for Operation Inherent Resolve in the absence of an AUMF to combat ISIL after March 31, 2016 was defeated. 
Despite my opposition to the overall legisla-
tion, I was pleased that a bipartisan amend-ment introduced by Rep. M
ASSIE and Rep. 
LOFGREN to limit funding for many backdoor 
programs within Section 702 of the FISA Amendments Act passed. I also support the increased 2.3 percent pay raise for our troops and their families. Finally, I support the inclu-sion of full funding of the President’s request for U.S.-Israel Iron Dome missile defense pro-gram. 
While this bill does provide much needed 
funding for programs that benefit our men and women in uniform, ultimately, it falls short in too many areas. It is my hope that many of my objections will be resolved in Conference with the Senate but I can’t support it in its cur-rent form. TRIBUTE TO MARY HILL AND 
EREN SAGUN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Mary Hill and Eren Sagun from Des Moines Roosevelt High School for winning the Class 2A Girls Tennis Doubles title. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by these stu-
dents demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication, and perseverance. I am honored to represent them and their families in the United States Congress. I know all of my colleagues in the House join me in congratulating Mary and Eren on competing in this rigorous com-petition and wishing continued success in their education and high school tennis career. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE SOUTH CARO-
LINA SHOOTING AND REMOVAL OF THE CONFEDERATE FLAG 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it is with 
a heavy heart that I rise to speak out against the senseless loss of innocent lives resulting from another senseless act of violence. 
My thoughts and prayers go out to the peo-
ple of Charleston, South Carolina, the mem-bers of the Emanuel African Methodist Epis-copal Church in Charleston, pastored by the Rev. Clementa Pinckney, who was one of nine persons slain by a gunman motivated by hate. 
Although tragedy has found its way into the 
lives of the individuals murdered and the lives of their families there has been some good found in this tragic loss. 
Mr. Speaker, the legislature of South Caro-
lina has decided to debate whether to remove the flag from the front of the State House building after public support from prominent legislators, community organizations, and the Governor of South Carolina have called for the flag to come down now. 
When considering the removal of the flag 
the people must remember the nine lives that were lost due to senseless, insensitive, and hateful feelings that were influenced by the traditions represented by the Confederate flag. 
The Confederate flag has been used as a 
symbol of hate, exclusion, and a brutally offen-sive past. 
South Carolina should follow in the foot-
steps of Texas which refused to authorize li-cense plates with the confederate flag on them, a decision upheld last week by the U.S. Supreme Court. 
Mr. Speaker, Wal Mart, Amazon, Sears, and 
eBay all have made a decision to stop selling Confederate flag merchandise. 
The Confederate flag does not represent the 
future of our great country. 
We must embrace a spirit of inclusion and 
goodwill with a mission to eradicate hate and ignorance. 
We can no longer allow our past to dictate 
our future, and must use this tragedy as an opportunity to eliminate symbols of hate that permeate through our society. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23JN8.037 E23JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E955 June 23, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, as a country we must recog-
nize the emotional pain attached to the Con-federate flag, stand strong together and not allow a symbol of hate continue to divide our nation. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on roll call 
no. 375 (H.R. 160) Medical Innovation Act, had I been present, I would have voted yes. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 100TH BIRTH-
DAY OF MARTHA ANN ELIZA-BETH ‘‘BROWN’’ BALL 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask for the House’s attention today to recog-nize Martha Ann Elizabeth ‘‘Brown’’ Ball on her 100th birthday on August 17th. 
Mrs. Ball was born in Cleburne County, Ala-
bama on August 17, 1915 to Oscar Sr. and Mattie Brown. 
At an early age, she married Omildred (Mill) 
Ball (deceased) and they had 15 children to-gether including: Willie Ester Ball (deceased), Omildred Ball Jr., Tommy Jay Ball (deceased), Josie Lee Ball (deceased), Lela Francis Black-burn, Shirley Ann McCreary, Exa Lee Bell, Walter Lewis Ball, Susie Ann Jones, Paul Wilford Ball, Cynthia Deloise Ball, Catharine Ball (deceased), Katherine Ball (deceased), Madeleyn Renay McClendon and Antonio Ball. 
Her favorite hobbies include: reading her 
Bible, quilting, playing dominoes, working crossword puzzles and attending the Senior Citizen Center. 
Mrs. Ball sang in the Gospel Truetts, a gos-
pel singing group, for over 20 years. Currently she attends church at Sweet Home Baptist Church in the Silver Run community. She is loved by her pastor and church family. 
Most people that know her call her ‘‘grand-
ma’’ or ‘‘Aunt Martha’’ and her children say Proverbs 31 best describes Mrs. Ball. Friends and family will celebrate her birthday mid-Au-gust. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing 
the life of Mrs. Ball and wishing her a happy 100th birthday. 
f 
RECOGNIZING EVA AIRLINES DI-
RECT FLIGHTS FROM TAIWAN TO HOUSTON 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize 
another step forward in the great relationship between the United States and Taiwan. 
This past Friday, June 19th, EVA Air began 
offering direct flights from Taipei, Taiwan to Houston, Texas. The inaugural flight, number 
BR–52, arrived at George Bush Interconti-nental Airport shortly after 4:00 pm on June 19th. 
This is the beginning of weekly direct flights 
from Taipei to Houston. In June there will be three flights a week which will be increased to four flights a week in July. 
EVA Air is looking to serve the Taiwanese 
community of the Houston area by offering these direct flights multiple times per week. These communities are an important part of Texas and I am pleased that EVA Air has fur-ther facilitated travel between our nations. 
EVA Air operates out of Taiwan and is their 
second largest airline. According to the JACDEC Airline Safety Rankings for 2015 (based on 2014 data), EVA is the 3rd safest airline in the world. 
Taiwan and the United States already have 
an outstanding relationship that was codified with the Taiwan Relations Act (TRA) of 1979. The TRA was created to allow our two nations to foster close ties and specifically ‘‘commer-cial, cultural, and other relations between the people of the United States and the people on Taiwan.’’ 
The TRA enables our two nations to work 
and partner with one another in a way that is unique from all other nations, and these week-ly flights between Taiwan and Houston are just the latest example of how compliance with the TRA continues to benefit our citizens 36 years after its passage. 
f 
EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
HON. RUBE´N HINOJOSA 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. HINOJOSA. Mr. Speaker, as of today, 
we have only 3 more legislative days to act in order to re-authorize the Export-Import Bank. 
Re-authorizing the bank is common sense. 
Sadly, however, the opponents of the bank are operating out of ideological fervor, not facts. We should be here dealing with and solving real problems, not endangering Amer-ican jobs with fantastical ideology. 
Contrary to the many assertions made 
against the Bank, the bank is an unbridled, market-driven success story which has long enjoyed bipartisan support and support from both unions and business alike. 
The truth of the matter is that the bank is a 
vital free market economic engine for our manufacturers, exporters and job creators. This March alone, the Bank financed over $1.1 million dollars in exports in my South Texas District. Additionally, the Bank has sup-ported thousands of jobs in my district over the past five years. These are good jobs in a very high-need area that would not have been possible without the Bank. In my home State of Texas, the Bank has financed $4 billion worth of exports last year supporting thou-sands of hard working Americans. 
We cannot and should not let the bank ex-
pire. Let us put an end to this nonsense. Mr. Speaker, let’s have a vote. HONORING KATHLEEN SHEEHAN 
HON. JAMES P. McGOVERN 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to mark the end of an era at Frontier Regional School in Deerfield, Massachusetts. After 35 years at Frontier, yesterday eighth grade science teacher Kathleen Sheehan retired. Kathy, or Sheehan, as her students call her, over the years wore a variety of hats and held a variety of teaching positions. She has served her entire teaching career at Frontier. Over her 35 years she has held many leader-ship positions, including Science Department Chair, Middle School Team Leader, Field Hockey Coach, and President of the Frontier’s Teacher’s Association. Sheehan’s impact and influence on the students and communities of Deerfield, Conway, Whately and Sunderland extended far beyond the classroom. 
Always challenging her students to make 
the most of their education both inside and outside of the classroom, Sheehan proved a role model having taken her own advice. In 2003, she earned her law degree from West-ern New England College School of Law and immediately put her legal skills to use helping other teachers across the Commonwealth through the Massachusetts Teachers Associa-tion. She plans to continue this role as she transitions out of the classroom and onto re-tirement. 
Finally, Sheehan’s commitment extends not 
just beyond the classroom, but beyond the school year. As students move on from her middle school classroom, she continues to foster relationships and offer guidance as they navigate high school and plan for college. Once graduated, she continues to stay con-nected to and support her students. She will happily tell you how many college graduations, advanced-degree graduations, and weddings she has attended of former students. Sheehan values community and has tirelessly integrated herself into that of Western Massachusetts. 
As we all know, teachers are a vital asset 
to society. As a role model for students and teachers alike, Sheehan will leave a legacy behind at Frontier which is unmatched by any other. On behalf of my constituents that attend and have graduated from Frontier Regional School, I thank Kathy Sheehan for her com-mitment to education, her students and the community. 
f 
REGARDING ROLL CALL VOTES 
376–378 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, on Tues-
day, June 23, 2015, I was unavoidably de-tained due to the necessity of attending to rep-resentational duties and committee respon-sibilities, including participating in Homeland Security Committee site visits to Family Deten-tion Centers in South Texas. Had I been present I would have voted as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23JN8.040 E23JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E956 June 23, 2015 
1. On Roll Call 376 I would have voted NO 
(H.R. 1190, Protecting Seniors’ Access to Medicare Act of 2015). 2. On Roll Call 377 I would have voted AYE 
(H.R. 805, Domain Openness Through Contin-
ued Oversight Matters (DOTCOM) Act of 2015). 3. On Roll Call 378 I would have voted AYE 
(H.R. 2576, TSCA Modernization Act of 2015). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23JN8.046 E23JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D746 Tuesday, June 23, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4523–S4556 
Measures Introduced: Twelve bills and three reso-
lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 1643–1654, and S. Res. 208–210.
                                      Pages S4544–45 
Measures Reported: 
S. 1645, making appropriations for the Depart-
ment of the Interior, environment, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016. (S. Rept. No. 114–70)
                                            Page S4544 
Measures Passed: 
Ulysses S. Grant Association: Senate agreed to S. 
Res. 209, designating the Ulysses S. Grant Associa-tion as the organization to implement the bicenten-nial celebration of the birth of Ulysses S. Grant, Civil War General and 2-term President of the United States.
                                                              Page S4554 
125th Anniversary of the State of Wyoming: 
Senate agreed to S. Res. 210, celebrating the 125th anniversary of the State of Wyoming.
            Page S4554 
House Messages: 
Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act 
House Message—Cloture: Senate began consider-
ation of the House message to accompany H.R. 644, to reauthorize trade facilitation and trade enforce-ment functions and activities, taking action on the following motion proposed thereto:
         Pages S4523–25 
Pending: 
McConnell motion to insist upon the Senate 
amendment, request a conference with the House of Representatives, and authorize the Presiding Officer to appoint conferees.
                                                Page S4523 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the McConnell motion to insist upon the Senate amendment, request a conference with the House of Representatives, and authorize the Presiding Officer to appoint conferees, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, 
with McConnell/Hatch Amendment No. 2065. 
                                                                            Pages S4523, S4554 
Defending Public Safety Employees’ Retirement Act House Message: Senate resumed consideration 
of the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to H.R. 2146, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow Federal law enforce-ment officers, firefighters, and air traffic controllers to make penalty-free withdrawals from governmental plans after age 50, taking action on the following motions and amendments proposed thereto: 
                                             Pages S4529–33, S4533–39, S4539–41 
Pending: 
McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of 
the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill.
                                                                                   Page S4529 
McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of 
the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with Amendment No. 2060 (to the House Amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill), to change the enactment date.
                            Page S4529 
McConnell Amendment No. 2061 (to Amend-
ment No. 2060), of a perfecting nature.        Page S4529 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 60 yeas to 37 nays (Vote No. 218), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill.
      Pages S4528–29 
McConnell motion to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee on Finance, with instructions, McConnell 
Amendment No. 2062, to change the enactment date, fell when cloture was invoked on the McCon-nell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill. 
                                                                                            Page S4529 
McConnell Amendment No. 2063 (to (the in-
structions) Amendment No. 2062), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell motion to refer the bill to the Committee on Finance, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 2062 fell.
         Page S4529 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:26 Feb 19, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D23JN5.REC D23JN5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D747 June 23, 2015 
McConnell Amendment No. 2064 (to Amend-
ment No. 2063), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell Amendment No. 2063 (to (the instruc-tions) Amendment No. 2062) fell.
                   Page S4529 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the McConnell 
motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, post-clo-ture, at approximately 9:30 a.m., on Wednesday, June 24, 2015; and that all time during the ad-journment of the Senate count post-cloture. 
                                                                                            Page S4554 
Appointments: 
Board of Visitors of the U.S. Military Academy: 
The Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 4355(a), appointed the following Sen-ators to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Military Academy: Senator Gillibrand, designee of the Com-mittee on Armed Services, and Senator Murphy, des-ignee of the Committee on Appropriations. 
                                                                                            Page S4554 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nominations: 
LaVerne Horton Council, of New Jersey, to be an 
Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs (Information and Technology).
                                        Pages S4551, S4554 
David J. Shulkin, of Pennsylvania, to be Under 
Secretary for Health of the Department of Veterans Affairs.
                                                             Pages S4541, S4554 
2 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 
50 Army nominations in the rank of general. 11 Marine Corps nominations in the rank of gen-
eral. 
29 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Foreign 
Service, Marine Corps, and Navy.
            Pages S4551–54,
S4554–56 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S4544 
Measures Placed on the Calendar: 
                                                                            Pages S4523, S4544 
Executive Communications:                             Page S4544 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S4545–46 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S4546–50 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S4543–44 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S4550 
Privileges of the Floor:                                Pages S4550–51 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—218)                                                                 Page S4529 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 6:10 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, June 24, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on 
page S4554.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Trans-
portation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies approved for full committee con-sideration an original bill entitled, ‘‘Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SPENDING 
AT THE OFFICE OF PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Finan-
cial Services and General Government concluded a hearing to examine information technology spending and data security at the Office of Personnel Manage-ment, after receiving testimony from Katherine Archuleta, Director, and Michael R. Esser, Assistant Inspector General for Audits, both of the Office of Personnel Management; and Richard A. Spires, Re-silient Network Systems, Inc., Washington, D.C. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies approved for full committee consideration an original bill entitled, ‘‘Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE PROGRAM 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
Committee received a briefing on the oversight re-view of the National Flood Insurance Program from Christopher Ford, Chief Investigative Counsel, Lucas Moskowitz, Senior Investigative Counsel, and Brian Daner, Investigative Counsel, all of the Senate Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
RECALLS OF DEFECTIVE TAKATA AIRBAGS 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine an up-date on the recalls of defective Takata air bags and NHTSA’s vehicle safety efforts, after receiving testi-mony from Mark R. Rosekind, Administrator, Na-tional Highway Traffic Safety Administration, and Calvin L. Scovel III, Inspector General, both of the Department of Transportation; Kevin M. Kennedy, TK Holdings Inc., and Scott G. Kunselman, FCA US LLC, both of Auburn Hills, Michigan; and Rick Schostek, Honda North America, Marysville, Ohio. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23JN5.REC D23JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D748 June 23, 2015 
IMPACTS OF EPA’S PROPOSED CARBON 
REGULATIONS 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub-
committee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety con-cluded a hearing to examine the impacts of EPA’s proposed carbon regulations on energy costs for American businesses, rural communities and families, including S. 1324, to require the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to fulfill cer-tain requirements before regulating standards of per-formance for new, modified, and reconstructed fossil fuel-fired electric utility generating units, after re-ceiving testimony from Joseph Martens, New York State Department of Environmental Conservation Commissioner, Albany; Eugene M. Trisko, American Coalition for Clean Coal Electricity, Berkeley Springs, West Virginia, on behalf of the United Mine Workers of America; Mary B. Rice, Harvard Medical School, Boston, Massachusetts, on behalf of the American Thoracic Society; and Paul N. Cicio, Industrial Energy Consumers of America, and Harry C. Alford, National Black Chamber of Commerce, both of Washington, D.C. 
NOMINATIONS 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine the nominations of Glyn Townsend Davies, of the District of Columbia, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Thailand, William A. Heidt, of Pennsylvania, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Cambodia, Jennifer Zimdahl Galt, of Colorado, to be Ambassador to Mongolia, Atul Keshap, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Demo-cratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Republic of Maldives, Alaina B. Teplitz, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to the Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal, David Hale, of New Jersey, to be Ambassador to the Islamic Republic of 
Pakistan, and Sheila Gwaltney, of California, to be Ambassador to the Kyrgyz Republic, after the nomi-nees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. 
AMERICAN ENERGY EXPORTS 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Mul-
tilateral International Development, Multilateral In-stitutions, and International Economic, Energy, and Environmental Policy concluded a hearing to exam-ine American energy exports, focusing on opportuni-ties for United States allies and national security, after receiving testimony from Robert McNally, The Rapidan Group LLC, Bethesda, Maryland; David F. Gordon, Center for a New American Security, and Jamie Webster, IHS, both of Washington, DC; and Commander Kirk Lippold, USN (Ret.), Alexandria, Virginia. 
REGULATORY BUDGET 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee with the Committee on the Budg-
et, concluded a hearing to examine accounting for the true cost of regulation, focusing on exploring the possibility of a regulatory budget, after receiving tes-timony from Tony Clement, Treasury Board of Can-ada, Ottawa; and Susan E. Dudly, Regulatory Stud-ies Center, and Richard J. Pierce, Jr., School of Law, both of The George Washington University, Wash-ington, D.C. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in 
closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from members of the intelligence community. 
Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 21 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 2846–2866; and 2 resolutions, H.Res. 334–334 were introduced.
                            Pages H4591–92 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H4593–94 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
S. 971, to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-
rity Act to provide for an increase in the limit on the length of an agreement under the Medicare inde-pendence at home medical practice demonstration 
program (H. Rept. 114–172, Part 1); 
H.R. 387, to provide for certain land to be taken 
into trust for the benefit of Morongo Band of Mis-sion Indians, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–173); 
H.R. 2620, to amend the United States Cotton 
Futures Act to exclude certain cotton futures con-tracts from coverage under such Act, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 114–174); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23JN5.REC D23JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D749 June 23, 2015 
H.R. 805, to prohibit the National Telecommuni-
cations and Information Administration from relin-quishing responsibility over the Internet domain name system until the Comptroller General of the United States submits to Congress a report on the role of the NTIA with respect to such system, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–175); 
H.R. 2576, to modernize the Toxic Substances 
Control Act, and for other purposes, with an amend-
ment (H. Rept. 114–176); and 
H. Res. 333, providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 2822) making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 2042) to allow for judicial re-view of any final rule addressing carbon dioxide emissions from existing fossil fuel-fired electric util-ity generating units before requiring compliance with such rule, and to allow States to protect house-holds and businesses from significant adverse effects on electricity ratepayers or reliability, and providing for proceedings during the period from June 26, 2015, through July 6, 2015 (H. Rept. 114–177). 
                                                                                            Page H4591 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Farenthold to act as Speak-er pro tempore for today.
                                      Page H4547 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:10 p.m. and re-
convened at 2 p.m.                                                    Page H4548 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the 
Guest Chaplain, Reverend Dr. Barry Black, Chaplain of the United States Senate, Washington, DC. 
                                                                                            Page H4548 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:11 p.m. and recon-
vened at 3:01 p.m.                                                    Page H4549 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
DOTCOM Act of 2015: H.R. 805, amended, to 
prohibit the National Telecommunications and In-formation Administration from relinquishing respon-sibility over the Internet domain name system until the Comptroller General of the United States sub-mits to Congress a report on the role of the NTIA with respect to such system, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay 
vote of 378 yeas to 25 nays, Roll No. 377; 
                                                                      Pages H4550–51, H4581 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To pro-
vide for certain requirements relating to the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority stewardship transi-tion.’’.
                                                                              Page H4581 
TSCA Modernization Act of 2015: H.R. 2576, 
amended, to modernize the Toxic Substances Control Act, by a 2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 398 yeas to 1 nay, 
Roll No. 378;                                   Pages H4551–60, H4581–87 
Boys Town Centennial Commemorative Coin 
Act: H.R. 893, amended, to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the centennial of Boys Town;
                              Pages H4560–62 
Bullion and Collectible Coin Production Effi-
ciency and Cost Savings Act: H.R. 1698, amended, 
to amend design and content requirements for cer-tain gold and silver coins;
                             Pages H4562–63 
United States Cotton Futures Act: H.R. 2620, 
amended, to amend the United States Cotton Fu-tures Act to exclude certain cotton futures contracts from coverage under such Act;
                   Pages H4563–64 
Department of Homeland Security Headquarters 
Consolidation Accountability Act of 2015: H.R. 
1640, amended, to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit to Congress a report on the De-partment of Homeland Security headquarters consoli-dation project in the National Capital Region; 
                                                                                    Pages H4564–66 
DHS Paid Administrative Leave Accountability 
Act of 2015: H.R. 1633, amended, to provide for 
certain improvements relating to the tracking and reporting of employees of the Department of Home-land Security placed on administrative leave, or any other type of paid non-duty status without charge to leave, and for personnel matters;
               Pages H4566–69 
Homeland Security Drone Assessment and Anal-
ysis Act: H.R. 1646, amended, to require the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security to research how small and medium sized unmanned aerial systems could be used in an attack, and how to prevent or mitigate the effects of such an attack;
                       Pages H4569–70 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To re-
quire the Secretary of Homeland Security to research how certain commercially available small and me-dium sized unmanned aircraft systems could be used in an attack, how to prevent or mitigate the risk of such an attack, and for other purposes.’’.
      Page H4570 
DHS IT Duplication Reduction Act of 2015: 
H.R. 1626, amended, to reduce duplication of infor-mation technology at the Department of Homeland Security;
                                                                         Page H4572 
Federally Funded Research and Development 
Sunshine Act of 2015: H.R. 1637, to require annual 
reports on the activities and accomplishments of fed-erally funded research and development centers with-in the Department of Homeland Security; 
                                                                                    Pages H4572–74 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23JN5.REC D23JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D750 June 23, 2015 
Homeland Security University-based Centers 
Review Act: H.R. 2390, amended, to require a re-
view of university-based centers for homeland secu-rity; and
                                                                  Pages H4574–76 
DHS Interoperable Communications Act: Concur 
in the Senate amendment to H.R. 615, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Under Secretary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security to take administrative action to achieve and maintain interoperable communica-tions capabilities among the components of the De-partment of Homeland Security.
               Pages H4578–79 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:28 p.m. and recon-
vened at 6:31 p.m.                                                    Page H4579 
Protecting Seniors’ Access to Medicare Act of 2015: The House passed H.R. 1190, to repeal the 
provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act providing for the Independent Payment Advisory Board, by a yea-and-nay vote of 244 yeas to 154 nays, Roll No. 376. Consideration began on June 18th.
                                                             Pages H4579–80 
H. Res. 319, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 160) and (H.R. 1190) was agreed to on June 17th. 
Suspensions—Proceedings Postponed: The House 
debated the following measures under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. 
DHS FOIA Efficiency Act of 2015: H.R. 1615, 
amended, to direct the Chief FOIA Officer of the Department of Homeland Security to make certain improvements in the implementation of section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Freedom of Information Act); and
    Pages H4570–72 
CBRN Intelligence and Information Sharing 
Act of 2015: H.R. 2200, amended, to amend the 
Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish chem-ical, biological, radiological, and nuclear intelligence and information sharing functions of the Office of Intelligence and Analysis of the Department of Homeland Security and to require dissemination of 
information analyzed by the Department to entities with responsibilities relating to homeland security. 
                                                                                    Pages H4576–78 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on page H4549. 
Senate Referral: S. 808 was held at the desk. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H4580, H4581, H4581–82. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-
journed at 8:35 p.m. Committee Meetings 
RATEPAYER PROTECTION ACT OF 2015; 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 2042, the ‘‘Ratepayer Protection Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2822, the ‘‘Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’. The committee granted, by record vote of 9–4, a modified-open rule for H.R. 2822. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The rule waives all points of order against consider-ation of the bill. The rule waives points of order against provisions in the bill for failure to comply with clause 2 of rule XXI. The rule provides that after general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule except that: 1) amendments shall be debatable for 10 minutes equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent and shall not be subject to amendment; and 2) no pro forma amendments shall be in order except that the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their respec-tive designees may offer up to 10 pro forma amend-ments each at any point for the purpose of debate. The rule authorizes the Chair to accord priority in recognition to Members who have pre-printed their amendments in the Congressional Record. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. The rule also grants a structured rule 
for H.R. 2042. The rule provides one hour of gen-eral debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for purpose of amendment an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–20 and provides that it shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be consid-ered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23JN5.REC D23JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D751 June 23, 2015 
the report. The rule provides one motion to recom-
mit with or without instructions. In section 3, the rule provides for consideration of concurrent resolu-tions providing for adjournment during the month of July, 2015. In section 4, the rule provides that on any legislative day during the period from June 26, 2015, through July 6, 2015: the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjourn-ment. Lastly, in section 5, the rule provides that the Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period addressed by section 4. Testimony was heard from Representa-tives Whitfield, Yarmuth, Griffith of Virginia, Cal-vert, and McCollum. 
MANIPULATION AND FRAUD IN 
REPORTING OF VA SMALL BUSINESS GOALS 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Over-
sight and Investigations; and the Subcommittee on Investigations, Oversight and Regulations of the House Committee on Small Business, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Manipulation and Fraud in Report-ing of VA Small Business Goals’’. Testimony was heard from Jan Frye, Deputy Assistant Secretary and Senior Procurement, Executive Office of Acquisition and Logistics, Department of Veterans Affairs; Thomas J. Leney, Executive Director, Office of Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilization, Department of Veterans Affairs; John Shoraka, Associate Admin-istrator, Office of Government Contracting and Busi-ness Development, Small Business Administration; and Kevin Youel Page, Deputy Commissioner, Fed-eral Acquisition Service, General Services Adminis-tration. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
JUNE 24, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on the Budget: business meeting to markup S. 
1495, to curtail the use of changes in mandatory pro-grams affecting the Crime Victims Fund to inflate spend-ing, Time to be announced, Room to be announced. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: business 
meeting to consider an original bill entitled, ‘‘Developing a Reliable and Innovative Vision for the Economy Act’’, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: business meeting to consider S. 
607, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for a five-year extension of the rural community hospital demonstration program, S. 1349, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require hospitals to provide certain notifications to individuals classified by such hospitals under observation status rather than admit-ted as inpatients of such hospitals, S. 1461, to provide for the extension of the enforcement instruction on super-vision requirements for outpatient therapeutic services in critical access and small rural hospitals through 2015, S. 
313, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to add physical therapists to the list of providers allowed to utilize locum tenens arrangements under Medicare, S. 1253, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide coverage of certain disposable medical tech-nologies under the Medicare program, S. 1347, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act with respect to the treatment of patient encounters in ambulatory surgical centers in determining meaningful EHR use, S. 704, to establish a Community-Based Institutional Special Needs Plan demonstration program to target home and commu-nity-based care to eligible Medicare beneficiaries, S. 1362, to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to clarify waiver authority regarding programs of all-inclusive care for the elderly (PACE programs), S. 861, to amend titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act to curb waste, fraud, and abuse in the Medicare and Medicaid programs, S. 349, to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to empower individuals with disabilities to establish their own supplemental needs trusts, S. 466, to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to improve the quality, health outcomes, and value of maternity care under the Medicaid and CHIP programs by developing maternity care quality measures and supporting maternity care quality collaboratives, and S. 599, to extend and expand the Medicaid emergency psychiatric demonstration project, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-
ine lessons learned from past WMD negotiations, 10:30 a.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
business meeting to consider S. 742, to appropriately limit the authority to award bonuses to employees, S. 1411, to amend the Act of August 25, 1958, commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with re-spect to the monetary allowance payable to a former President, S. 1550, to amend title 31, United States Code, to establish entities tasked with improving pro-gram and project management in certain Federal agencies, S. 1073, to amend the Improper Payments Elimination and Recovery Improvement Act of 2012, including mak-ing changes to the Do Not Pay initiative, for improved detection, prevention, and recovery of improper payments to deceased individuals, S. 1580, to allow additional ap-pointing authorities to select individuals from competi-tive service certificates, S. 1090, to amend the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act to provide eligibility for broadcasting facilities to receive certain disaster assistance, S. 1115, to close out expired, empty grant accounts, S. 779, to provide for Federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23JN5.REC D23JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D752 June 23, 2015 
agencies to develop public access policies relating to re-
search conducted by employees of that agency or from funds administered by that agency, S. 310, to prohibit the use of Federal funds for the costs of painting portraits of officers and employees of the Federal Government, S. 991, to establish the Commission on Evidence-Based Pol-icymaking, H.R. 1626, to reduce duplication of informa-tion technology at the Department of Homeland Security, H.R. 1640, to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit to Congress a report on the Department of Homeland Security headquarters consolidation project in the National Capital Region, H.R. 728, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7050 Highway BB in Cedar Hill, Missouri, as the ‘‘Ser-geant First Class William B. Woods, Jr. Post Office’’, H.R. 891, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 141 Paloma Drive in Floresville, Texas, as the ‘‘Floresville Veterans Post Office Building’’, H.R. 1326, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2000 Mulford Road in Mulberry, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Daniel M. Ferguson Post Office’’, H.R. 1350, to designate the facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 442 East 167th Street in Bronx, New York, as the ‘‘Herman Badillo Post Office Building’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘District of Columbia Court Services and Offender Supervision Agen-cy Act of 2015’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘EINSTEIN Act of 2015’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Representative Payee Fraud Prevention Act of 2015’’, an original bill en-titled, ‘‘Saving Federal Dollars Through Better Use of Government Purchase and Travel Cards Act of 2015’’, and an original to actively recruit members of the Armed Forces who are separating from military service to serve as Customs and Border Protection Officers, and the nomi-nations of Carol Fortine Ochoa, of Virginia, to be Inspec-tor General, General Services Administration, and Steven M. Wellner, and William Ward Nooter, both to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Indian Affairs: to hold an oversight hear-
ing to examine demanding results to end Native youth suicides, 2:15 p.m., SD–628. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold hearings to exam-
ine pending health care and benefits legislation, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: closed business meeting 
to consider certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
Special Committee on Aging: to hold hearings to examine 
work in retirement, focusing on career reinventions and the new retirement workscape, 2:15 p.m., SD–562. 
United States Senate Caucus on International Narcotics Con-
trol: to hold hearings to examine cannabidiol, focusing on 
barriers to research and potential medical benefits, 9:30 a.m., SD–226. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, hearing on re-
view of U.S. international food aid programs, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, Full Committee, markup on 
the Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education Appropriations Bill for FY 2016, 10:15 a.m., 2359 Ray-
burn. 
Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Emerging 
Threats and Capabilities, hearing entitled ‘‘The Counter-terrorism Strategy Against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL): Are We on the Right Path?’’, 2 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee 
on Early Childhood, Elementary, and Secondary Edu-cation, hearing entitled ‘‘Child Nutrition Assistance: Looking at the Cost of Compliance for States and Schools’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on 
Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Administration’s Approval of Medicaid Demonstration Projects’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, Task Force to Investigate 
Terrorism Financing, hearing entitled ‘‘Evaluating the Se-curity of the U.S. Financial Sector’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on the 
Western Hemisphere, hearing entitled ‘‘Colombia: Peace with the FARC?’’, 3 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on 
Counterterrorism and Intelligence, hearing entitled ‘‘Ad-mitting Syrian Refugees: The Intelligence Void and the Emerging Homeland Security Threat’’, 10 a.m., 311 Can-non. 
Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, Infrastructure Protec-
tion, and Security Technologies, hearing entitled ‘‘DHS’ Efforts to Secure .Gov’’, 2 p.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on 
H.R. 1927, the ‘‘Fairness in Class Action Litigation Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Over-
sight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘GAO Report Documents BLM’s Chronic Mismanagement of Wind and Solar Reclamation Bonds’’, 10:30 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native 
Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Procedures Regard-ing Puerto Rico’s Political Status and Economic Out-look’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘OPM Data Breach: Part II’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee 
on Environment; and Subcommittee on Energy, joint hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Energy Information Administra-tion Report: Analysis of the Impacts of the EPA’s Clean Power Plan’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub-
committee on Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Mate-rials, hearing entitled ‘‘The State of Positive Train Con-trol Implementation in the United States’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Highways and Transit, hearing enti-
tled ‘‘Meeting the Transportation Needs of Rural Amer-ica’’, 2 p.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23JN5.REC D23JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D753 June 23, 2015 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Dis-
ability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, hearing on H.R. 2214, the ‘‘Disabled Veterans’ Access to Medical Exams Improvement Act’’; H.R. 1380, to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the eligibility for a medal-lion furnished by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to sig-
nify the veteran status of a deceased individual; H.R. 2706, the ‘‘Veterans National Remembrance Act’’; H.R. 2691, the ‘‘Veterans’ Survivors Claims Processing Auto-mation Act of 2015’’; H.R. 303, the ‘‘Retired Pay Res-toration Act’’; H.R. 1338, the ‘‘Dignified Interment of Our Veterans Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1302, the ‘‘VA Appeals 
Backlog Relief Act’’; H.R. 2605, the ‘‘Veterans Fiduciary Reform Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 1384, the ‘‘Honor Amer-ica’s Guard-Reserve Retirees Act’’, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Over-
sight, hearing on rising health insurance premiums under Obamacare, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Subcommittee on Select Revenue Measures, hearing on 
repatriation of foreign earnings as a source of funding for the Highway Trust Fund, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23JN5.REC D23JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD754 June 23, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Wednesday, June 24 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of the McConnell motion to concur in the amend-ment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to H.R. 2146, Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act, post-cloture. 
Upon disposition of the House message to accompany 
H.R. 2146, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke clo-ture on the McConnell motion to concur in the amend-ment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to H.R. 1295, Trade Preferences Extension Act, with McConnell/Hatch Amendment No. 2065. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Wednesday, June 24 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H.R. 
2042—Ratepayer Protection Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Babin, Brian, Tex., E955 
Barr, Andy, Ky., E945 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E946 Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E947 Brownley, Julia, Calif., E942 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E946 Ca´rdenas, Tony, Calif., E943 
Coffman, Mike, Colo., E950 Cook, Paul, Calif., E949 Dold, Robert J., Ill., E950 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E947 Farr, Sam, Calif., E942 Fincher, Stephen Lee, Tenn., E948 
Hinojosa, Rube ´n, Tex., E955 
Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E944, E952, E954, E955 Lamborn, Doug, Colo., E941 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E951 Levin, Sander M., Mich., E946, E950, E953 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E949 Lowenthal, Alan S., Calif., E949 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E943 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E948 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E948, E953 
McGovern, James P., Mass., E955 Meeks, Gregory W., N.Y., E945 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, 
E947 
Olson, Pete, Tex., E944, E948, E952 Poe, Ted, Tex., E955 Rogers, Harold, Ky., E943, E945 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E955 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E943, E950 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E942 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E941, E952 Smith, Jason, Mo., E948 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E945, E954 Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E950 Young, David, Iowa, E941, E945, E947, E948, E949, E952, 
E954 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D23JN5.REC D23JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST