Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6821 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 2015 No. 136 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Tuesday, September 22, 2015, at 4 p.m. 
Senate 
MONDAY , SEPTEMBER 21, 2015 
The Senate met at 2 p.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Sovereign God, teach us to live in 
and for Your peace. As our Senators permit Your peace to govern their hearts, may they make decisions that honor You. Remind them that true spirituality is more than believing the right things or performing good deeds. Help them to see that true religion consists of having a relationship with You characterized by righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Spirit. 
Lord, help us this day to receive from 
You the gift of Your love, permitting You to fill our lives with joy. Inspired by Your Spirit, help us to refrain from evil and to have a deep longing to do Your will on Earth even as it is done in Heaven. 
We pray in Your mighty Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C OT-
TON). The Democratic leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
ANTI-MUSLIM RHETORIC AND 
GOVERNMENT FUNDING 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, at this 
great cemetery we call Arlington, there is a white headstone, which, like so many others, marks the final rest-ing place of a courageous servicemem-ber who gave his life in combat. The grave belongs to a man by the name of Kareem Khan. He was from New Jer-
sey. He was only 20 years old. He was a Muslim. 
Kareem’s rank was that of a spe-
cialist in the Stryker Brigade of the U.S. Army’s 2nd Infantry Division. By all accounts, this young man was a ter-rific soldier. He had a Purple Heart and was awarded the Bronze Star and a medal for good conduct. Remember, he was barely 20 years of age. His career in the Army would have been much more significant, but he gave the ulti-mate, his life. 
Here is what happened. This tragedy 
struck on August 6, 2007, as Kareem and three other soldiers were checking abandoned Iraqi houses for explosives. In one house they went into, there was a hidden bomb that exploded that killed all four of them. Like thousands of other soldiers in Iraq and Afghani-stan, Kareem sacrificed everything for his country. He gave, as President Abraham Lincoln said, ‘‘the last full measure of devotion’’ for the United States. But yesterday I watched on ‘‘Meet 
the Press’’ as a Republican candidate for President of the United States deni-grated Kareem Khan and all Muslim Americans. Ben Carson questioned Muslim Americans’ devotion to the United States. He questioned their in-tegrity, and then Ben Carson unilater-ally disqualified every Muslim in America from becoming the President of the United States. 
Shame on Dr. Carson. Shame on any 
person that spews such hateful rhet-oric. In America today, there are more than 3 million Muslims. They are part of the fabric of America. They teach in our schools, and they fight for our military. They serve in Congress. Con-gressmen K
EITH ELLISON of Minnesota 
and A NDRE´CARSON of Indiana, both 
Muslim, represent their districts in States with distinction. 
I was proud to have both of these 
young men come and campaign for me throughout Nevada. Sadly, though, Dr. Carson’s remarks are just another ex-ample of Republican candidates refus-ing to speak for 3 million Muslim Americans. We saw it last week with Donald Trump, as he refused to de-nounce bigotry at his own campaign rally. If these Republican candidates are incapable of going to bat for Amer-ica’s Muslim community, then they should not be running for President of the United States. I call upon every Republican to denounce Dr. Carson’s disgusting remarks. That shameful in-tolerance and bigotry have no place in America today. Sadly, it seems to have a lasting place in the Republican Party. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Sep 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21SE6.000 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6822 September 21, 2015 
Republicans should open their eyes 
and take note of the contributions of our country’s Muslim community. Until they do that, none of them will 
be worthy of leading this Nation. 
In a little more than a week, our gov-
ernment runs out of money. We have precious little time. The Senate will be in session for 3, possibly 4 days this week and another 3 days next week. The House of Representatives is not in session today, tomorrow or Wednesday. Yet it seems that the Republicans are simply ignoring or are in complete de-nial of any fiscal crisis that is coming at year’s end. 
Instead of coming to grips with the 
reality of the situation and working with Democrats to avoid a government shutdown, the Republicans seem more interested in political theater. Keeping with this show-vote craze, the Repub-lican leader and the Speaker—the Re-publican leader over here and the Speaker on the other side of the Cap-itol—are doing things that are really hard to comprehend. 
For example, over here there is going 
to be a forced vote tomorrow morning on cloture on a motion to proceed to a 20-week abortion ban. The 20-week bill is just a way for Senator M
CCONNELL to 
pander to extremists in his party who are once again holding government hostage so they can attack the health of women. This legislation is going no-where. The Republican leader knows this. Every Senator here knows this. The bill is just another box to check for the Republican leader and his Sen-ators. It is pretense to prove their ex-treme conservative credentials. It is all about political gamesmanship. 
It comes at the expense of America’s 
women’s health. Think about all the ways the Republicans have attacked women in this Congress. Republicans have manipulated a bill to help victims of human trafficking and turned it in-stead into a political football by at-taching ideological abortion riders. 
Again, Republicans tried and are con-
tinuing to try to cut off funds for a critical safety net provider for women—Planned Parenthood. It is not the first time they have done it. Now they are wasting time as the govern-ment runs out of money in just a few days, wasting it on the 20-week abor-tion ban. Frankly, the American people are tired of Republican’s obsession with attacking the health of women. They are tired of the never-ending wasteful votes orchestrated by the Re-publican leader instead of meaningful legislation. 
But more than anything, Americans 
are watching congressional Repub-licans’ failure to govern. We are fast approaching the year since Republicans assumed control of both Houses of Con-gress. What do they have to show for it? Nothing. The few things that have passed were things that would have passed easily last Congress, except they were filibustered by the Repub-licans. 
If this 20-week abortion ban bill is 
any indication, nothing is all we can expect from the Republican leader and 
his party for the remaining 15 months of this Congress. 
Will the Chair announce the business 
of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
PAIN-CAPABLE UNBORN CHILD 
PROTECTION ACT—MOTION TO PROCEED 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 36, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 230, 
H.R. 36, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect pain-capable unborn children, and for other purposes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
CRIMINAL JUSTICE REFORM  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise 
today to address the topic of criminal justice reform. There has been a lot of discussion in Congress recently on this subject. Nearly all of the conversation has focused on sentencing. Various pro-posals have been introduced to cut prison sentences, augment judges’ abil-ity to sentence below statutory mini-mums or allow prisoners to earn early release for good behavior. 
A number of my colleagues on the 
Senate Judiciary Committee have been meeting behind closed doors for months to try to reach a compromise— a compromise that incorporates ele-ments of these various proposals. I rise today to address the broader param-eters of criminal justice reform and to remind my colleagues that sentencing reform is only one piece of the broader effort that has been underway for some time now in both houses of Congress. 
There are a number of other aspects 
of criminal justice reform that merit our attention, foremost of which is the need to ensure meaningful criminal in-tent requirements in our statutes and regulations. Over the past several years, a unique coalition of Members and stakeholder groups from across the ideological spectrum have been work-ing together to address the problem of overcriminalization. 
There is broad, bipartisan agreement 
in many quarters that Congress has criminalized too much conduct and mandated overly harsh penalties for too many crimes. Congress’s persistent recourse to criminal law as the answer to today’s society ills has cost tax-payers millions of dollars and branded as criminal conduct that may be un-witting or not even blameworthy. It has also resulted in thousands of Amer-icans losing their livelihoods or liberty for reasons that, upon closer examina-tion, seem not entirely justified. The overcriminalization problem 
manifests itself in a variety of ways. First is through the sheer number of Federal crimes. There are now nearly 5,000 criminal statutes scattered in the U.S. Code. But statutes are only part of the story. In addition, there are an es-timated 300,000 criminal regulatory of-fenses buried in the 80,000-page Code of Federal Regulations—300,000. If the ad-ministration promulgated one criminal regulation per day—that is, if it cre-ated one new crime each day—it would take 822 years to create that many criminal regulations. 
The entire Code of Hammurabi was 
only 282 laws. Our current Federal 
criminal code—statutes and regula-tions together—is over 1,000 times that size. I am not saying Hammurabi should be our model in many things, but surely 300,000-plus Federal crimes is overkill. If Hammurabi could govern ancient Mesopotamia with fewer than 300 laws, surely we can make do with less than 300,000. 
It is not just the sheer number of 
crimes. Overcriminalization also mani-fests itself through the creation of ar-cane, obscure, and, frankly, ridiculous crimes. For example, under Federal law it is a crime punishable by up to 6 months in prison to use the 4–H Club logo without authorization. 
It is also a Federal crime, again pun-
ishable for up to 6 months in prison, to walk a dog in a Federal park area on a leash that is longer than 6 feet. Why on Earth do either of these actions need to be Federal crimes? I do not dispute that really long dog leashes can be an-noying. I can understand why the 4–H Club would not want pretenders roam-ing around claiming to serve the heads, hearts, hands, and health of youth. But 
these are not the proper subjects for criminal penalties. Whatever crises exist with overlong dog leashes or im-poster 4–H clubs can be dealt with through civil means. 
The problem with such obscure and 
esoteric crimes—aside from the sheer embarrassment they should cause to Congress and the promulgating agen-cy—is that they criminalize conduct that no reasonable person would know was illegal. Walking a dog on a 7-foot leash is not inherently wrongful, nor is putting a 4–H Club logo on a sign. Even if common sense might suggest check-ing with the 4–H Club before using its logo, no sane person would think it is a crime to do so. 
The upshot is there are who-knows- 
how-many crimes on the books that the average person has no idea about and that criminalize conduct no rea-sonable person would think is wrong. According to a recent book, the aver-age American unwittingly commits three felonies per day. That should deeply trouble all of us—and not be-cause it suggests anything wrong with the average American. 
We are a nation of laws. We are sup-
posed to be guided by the rule of law. Our criminal law—indeed, the very idea that it is proper to brand some con-duct, and some people, as criminal—is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Sep 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.004 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6823 September 21, 2015 
predicated on the notion that individ-
uals know the law and are able to choose whether to follow it. If, as I have suggested—and as many scholars agree—we live in a country where much otherwise benign conduct has been labeled criminal and where de-cent, honorable citizens can become criminals through no fault or intent of their own, then we have a problem on our hands. Our criminal laws should be aimed at protecting our communities and keeping bad influences off our streets, not tripping up honest citizens. 
The third way the problem of over-
criminalization manifests itself is through the vague, duplicative, and even conflicting terms of many of our criminal laws. Put simply, many of our criminal laws are bad laws. They are poorly written, they sweep too broadly, and they give too much power to over-zealous prosecutors. 
Consider the case of John Yates, who 
was convicted of violating the so-called anti-shredding provision of the Sar-banes-Oxley Act. This extraordinarily broad law, which Congress passed in the wake of the Enron scandal, pro-hibits the destruction of any ‘‘tangible object’’ with intent to impede, obstruct or influence a Federal investigation. 
Yates was not an Enron executive or 
any sort of corporate executive, he was a fisherman. His crime? Discarding a small number of undersized fish from his boat after a State inspector found him carrying fish slightly below the minimum legal size. Yates appealed his conviction all the way to the Supreme Court on the ground that the statute did not apply to his conduct. By a 5-to- 4 vote the Court agreed. 
In a remarkable move, the dissenting 
Justices, who had voted to sustain Yates’s conviction, heaped scorn on the anti-shredding statute. They called it a ‘‘bad law—too broad and undifferen-tiated, with too-high maximum pen-alties.’’ Its vague terms and overly harsh penalties were ‘‘unfortunately not an outlier, [but rather] an emblem of a deeper pathology in the Federal criminal code.’’ 
These words should be a wake-up 
call. For too long Congress has criminalized too much conduct and en-acted overbroad statutes that sweep far beyond the evils they are designed to avoid. Surely, of all the categories of law we pass in Congress, we should take most care with criminal laws. Criminal laws empower the State to deprive citizens of liberty and precious, financial resources. They carry serious collateral consequences, including the loss of the right to vote, the right to own a firearm, the ability to hold cer-tain jobs, and they permit the State to brand citizens with that most repug-nant of all titles—criminal. There is simply no excuse for sloppily drafted, slapdash criminal laws. Too much is at stake. 
Related to the problem of poor 
draftmanship is the fourth way the overcriminalization problem manifests itself, through the absence of meaning-ful mens rea requirements. The need 
for strong mens rea protections, I be-lieve, is of particular concern and will be the rest of the focus of my remarks. 
‘‘Mens rea’’ is Latin for guilty mind. 
The term expresses a time-honored, fundamental feature of our criminal law that in order for an act to be a crime, the actor must have committed the act with malicious intent. The re-quirement of a guilty mind protects in-dividuals who unwittingly commit wrongful acts or who act without knowledge that what they are doing is wrong. 
The person who mistakenly retrieves 
the wrong coat from the coatroom does not become a thief merely because he took something that wasn’t his. Only if he takes a coat knowing that it be-longs to someone else has he com-mitted a criminal act, for only then has he acted with criminal intent. Similarly, a person enters land that he believes is public property but that in fact belongs to another person does not thereby commit criminal trespassing. Only if the person knows she is not le-gally entitled to enter the property is she guilty of a criminal offense. 
In an era when our statute books and 
regulations overflow with criminal of-fenses, mens rea protections are even more important. Many modern crimi-nal offenses, such as the dog-walking offense I mentioned earlier, involve conduct that is not inherently wrong-ful. Only a person who knows the de-tails of such offenses—and knows they exist—would know that conduct in vio-lation of the offenses is criminal. 
This is different from traditional 
crimes such as assault or theft, which even a child knows is wrong. With 300,000-plus Federal crimes on the books, you can be sure the vast major-ity are not traditional crimes that ev-eryone knows are wrong but rather ob-scure provisions known only to a select few in the bowels of the Federal bu-reaucracy. It doesn’t take 300,000 indi-vidual crimes to cover the categories of conduct everyone knows is wrong. 
Without adequate mens rea protec-
tions—that is, without the requirement that a person knows his conduct was wrong or unlawful—everyday citizens can be held criminally liable for con-duct that no reasonable person would know was wrong. This is not only un-fair, it is immoral. No government that purports to safeguard the liberty and rights of its people should have the power to lock up individuals for con-duct they did not know was wrong. Only when a person has acted with a guilty mind is it just, is it ethical to brand that person a criminal and de-prive him of liberty. 
Unfortunately, many of our current 
criminal laws and regulations contain inadequate mens rea requirements or even no mens rea requirement at all. Far too often, such laws leave people vulnerable to prosecution for conduct they thought was lawful. Consider two examples. 
The first is Wade Martin, an Alaskan 
fisherman who sold 10 sea otters to a buyer he thought was a Native Alaskan 
but who turned out not to be. Authori-ties charged Wade with violating the Marine Mammal Protection Act, which criminalizes the sale of sea otters to non-Native Alaskans. The fact that he thought the buyer was a Native Alas-kan was irrelevant. Prosecutors had to prove only that the buyer was not, in fact, a Native Alaskan. The absence of the criminal intent requirement meant Wade could be convicted regardless of whether he knew what he was doing was wrong. Wade pleaded guilty to a felony charge and was ordered to pay a $1,000 fine. 
Second is Lawrence Lewis, a janitor 
at a retirement home who was charged with criminally violating the Clean Water Act when he diverted backed-up sewage at the retirement home to a storm drain. Lawrence thought the storm drain was connected to the city’s sewage system, but it turned out it emptied into a creek that ultimately connected to the Potomac River, a pro-tected waterway. The Clean Water Act required proof only that Lawrence di-verted the sewage into the storm drain. It required no proof that he knew the drain connected to a creek that emptied into the Potomac or that he knew he was violating the law. Law-rence pleaded guilty and was sentenced to probation. 
These and other examples dem-
onstrate the danger of missing or in-complete mens rea requirements. Even before we get to the point of sen-tencing, the fact that people can be swept up in the criminal justice system and convicted for doing things they thought were lawful is deeply trou-bling. Any sentence they receive for their purported crimes is unfair be-cause they should not even have been charged criminally in the first place— or at the very least the government should have to prove criminal intent in order to convict. 
This is why it is important for my 
colleagues to keep in mind the full scope of our overcriminalization prob-lem. Sentencing is only one part of the criminal justice process—an important part to be sure but only one part in a very long process. 
That process begins in Washington, 
where we in Congress decide what con-duct to criminalize and what the gov-ernment must prove in order to con-vict. Among the most important choices we make when crafting a criminal law is deciding what level of criminal intent the government must prove. Must the person know he or she was acting unlawfully? Is it enough that the person intended the wrongful act or is it enough merely that he or she knew their actions would produce a certain result? The answers to these questions determine whether the per-son even committed a crime in the first place, separate and apart from what the felony should be if he is convicted. 
As one expert has written, ‘‘While 
sentencing reform addresses how long people should serve once convicted, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Sep 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.006 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6824 September 21, 2015 
mens rea reform addresses those who 
never should have been convicted in the first place: people who engaged in conduct without any knowledge of or intent to violate the law and [conduct] that they could not reasonably have anticipated would violate a criminal law.’’ Surely we can all agree that a person should not be branded a crimi-
nal and locked up for doing something they did not know was wrong. 
Unsurprisingly then, from the incep-
tion of the anti-overcriminalization movement, ensuring that criminal laws have adequate mens rea protections has been a bipartisan priority. During the hearings of the House Over-criminalization Task Force, Chairman S
ENSENBRENNER declared that ‘‘[t]he 
lack of an adequate intent requirement in the Federal code is one of the most pressing problems facing this Task Force. . . . ’’ Ranking Member B
OBBY  
SCOTT similarly warned that without 
adequate mens rea protections ‘‘honest citizens are at risk of being victimized and criminalized by poorly crafted leg-islation and overzealous prosecutors.’’ Representative C
ONYERS said that 
‘‘when good people find themselves confronted with accusations of vio-lating regulations that are vague, ad-dress seemingly innocent behavior, and lack adequate mens rea, fundamental principles of fairness and due process are undermined.’’ 
But in the Senate there has been a 
notable absence of discussion about mens rea and the need for robust mens rea protections. There has been a lot of talk about sentencing but little about mens rea. It is time to change that. 
For the past several months, I have 
been working on legislation to address the deficiencies in mens rea require-ments in existing statutes. My bill would set a default mens rea require-ment for all statutes that lack such a requirement. It would ensure that courts and creative prosecutors do not take the absence of an express criminal intent standard to mean the govern-ment could convict without any proof of a guilty mind. My bill would also clarify that when a statute identifies a mens rea standard but does not specify which elements of the crime that standard applies to, the standard iden-tified applies to all elements of the crime unless a contrary purpose plain-ly appears in the text of the statute. 
My bill would not mandate a par-
ticular mens rea standard for all crimes, nor would it override existing standards set forth in statutes. All it would do is set a default for when Con-gress has failed to specify the criminal intent required for conviction. Con-gress would remain free, however, whenever it wanted to specify a dif-ferent mens rea standard for a statute, replacing the default with its own cho-sen standard. The default would oper-ate merely in the absence of congres-sional action. It would bring clarity, ensure that Congress does not— through oversight—create crimes with-out any mens rea requirement, and protect individuals from being con-
victed for conduct they did not know was wrong. 
I look forward to working with my 
colleagues on this important legisla-tion and urge all of them to give it their support. Any deal on sentencing and any package of criminal justice re-form must include provisions to shore up mens rea protections. In fact, I question whether a sentencing reform package that does not include mens rea reform would be worth it, and I am not alone. Many members of the over-criminalization coalition—members who helped lay the key intellectual and political groundwork for the negotia-tions now underway—believe strongly that any criminal justice reform bill that passes this body must include mens rea reform. I agree. There can be no more important work that we do here in Congress than ensuring that honest, hardworking Americans are not unjustly imprisoned. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
come to the floor to express my strong opposition to the bill we are going to be voting on tomorrow morning, and that is a bill to limit women’s choice by banning abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy. I would like to make sev-eral points today: Why the bill is un-constitutional, the truth about late- term abortions, the bill’s rape certifi-cation requirements and the absence of a health exception, and, finally, how this debate is much more than this one bill. 
Let me be clear, Mr. President. This 
bill is just one part of a sustained as-sault on a woman’s access to health care and her right to make decisions for herself and her family. 
First, this bill is unconstitutional. 
Similar State laws banning abortion at 20 weeks have been struck down by the courts. The Supreme Court in the con-trolling opinion in Planned Parenthood v. Casey, 1992, stated: 
The woman’s right to terminate her preg-
nancy before viability is the most central principle of Roe v. Wade. It is a rule of law and a component of liberty we cannot re-nounce. 
Viability refers to the point at which 
a fetus could survive outside the womb. The Supreme Court’s 2007 decision in Gonzales v. Carhart summarizes that portion of the Casey decision stating, ‘‘Before viability, a State may not pro-hibit a woman from making the ulti-mate decision to terminate her preg-nancy.’’ 
In 2012, Arizona enacted a law prohib-
iting abortions after 20 weeks. The Ninth Circuit found that statute un-constitutional. Now that is a direct 
case in point from one circuit. The Ninth Circuit said the law conflicted with a long line of Supreme Court cases that found bans on women’s right to abortion prior to viability as uncon-stitutional. 
In that case, Arizona admitted that a 
fetus at 20 weeks was not viable. A con-servative judge on the Ninth Circuit, Andrew Kleinfeld, said he was ‘‘com-pelled’’ to strike down the Arizona law based on existing precedent. The Su-preme Court subsequently denied Ari-zona’s petition to hear the case. 
Other State laws banning abortions 
at 20 weeks or earlier have also been struck down on these grounds. For ex-ample, Idaho’s 20-week ban was struck down by the courts. The opinion in that case stated that the Idaho law was ‘‘directly contrary to the court’s hold-ing in Casey that a woman has the right to ‘choose to have an abortion be-fore viability and obtain it without undue interference from the State.’’’ 
The court’s rulings have been in-
formed by medical experts, and med-ical experts have said repeatedly that a fetus is not viable at 20 weeks. Let me give you a good example. Dr. Hal Law-rence, the chief executive officer of the American Congress of Obstetricians 
and Gynecologists, recently addressed this issue, and I would like to read a portion of his remarks: 
The 20-week mark is just not notable from 
a fetal development standpoint. More than 40 years ago, the Supreme Court stipulated that abortion is legal until a fetus is viable. Well, in no way, shape, or form is a 20-week fetus viable. 
Now, this is a medical OB/GYN, who 
is head of the association speaking. Continuing to quote him: 
There is no evidence anywhere of a 20-week 
fetus surviving, even with intensive medical care. Unfortunately, some advocates of abor-tion bans are pointing to a new study they claim heralds 22 weeks as being the new point of viability. They suggest that we might someday reach viability at 20 weeks. It is essential that we address that now, be-fore this becomes another myth about abor-tion that is accepted as reality. 
The doctor goes on to say: 
First, this new study was not conducted to 
add fuel to the fire of abortion rights oppo-nents. It was intended to help give OB–GYNs and neonatologists improved understanding of the challenges and opportunities associ-ated with early premature delivery. Second, even in this study, survival at 22 weeks was only 5 percent overall. This is why the med-ical community refers to the ‘‘threshold of viability,’’ because there is no point at which viability is clearly established. Even among babies that receive intensive medical care, survival only reached 23 percent, and most of those babies had moderate to severe neuro-logical impairment. Importantly, this study only looked at babies without fetal anoma-lies, which surely would have lowered the survival rates even more. 
Bottom line: A ban on abortion be-
fore viability, which is exactly what this bill represents, is unconstitu-tional, and the courts have spoken on the issue. 
Next, I would like to set the record 
straight on the widespread misconcep-tions about late-term abortions. First, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Sep 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.008 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6825 September 21, 2015 
they are not usual. They are extraor-
dinarily rare. Just 1 percent of abor-tions occur after 20 weeks. Secondly, many of the pregnancies terminated after 20 weeks occur because something has gone terribly wrong—the fetus has a fatal disease or the woman’s health is in danger. Let me give an example. Christy Zink, a mother of two here in Washington, testified before Congress against this bill. In 2009, after trying for years to become pregnant, she and her husband were elated to be expect-ing a boy. Unfortunately, when Christy reached the 21st week of her preg-nancy, the MRI revealed that her baby’s brain had not developed cor-rectly. One side of it was missing. 
Everything up to that point looked 
normal. The brain scan wasn’t capable of detecting the problem any earlier. Christy and her husband consulted the best doctors hoping there was some treatment, but nothing could be done. They were devastated. 
If Christy’s baby had made it to the 
end of the pregnancy, according to her doctors, he would have been in terrible pain and likely died soon after birth. Christy said, ‘‘The decision I made to have an abortion at almost 22 weeks was made out of love and to spare my son’s pain and suffering.’’ 
Christy’s incredibly difficult story 
isn’t just an isolated example. There are many fatal diseases that can’t be detected until later in a pregnancy, in-cluding one that causes the fetus’s or-gans to develop outside of the body. Another, called severe brittle bone dis-ease, causes the fetus’s bones to break inside the womb. 
Our own colleague, Congresswoman 
J
ACKIE SPEIER from California, some-
one I know very well, shared her story on the House floor in 2011. She termi-nated a much-wanted pregnancy at 17 weeks due to a medical complication. She said, ‘‘To suggest that somehow this is a procedure that is either wel-comed or done cavalierly or done with-out any thought is preposterous.’’ 
Congresswoman S
PEIER is right. 
Making this personal medical decision is one of the most gut-wrenching deci-sions a woman could make, and there is no good option. But these decisions need to be made by women, in con-sultation with their doctors and their families, not by politicians. Every situ-ation is different, and we shouldn’t pre-tend to stand in a woman’s shoes and make these choices for them. We shouldn’t make a difficult decision even harder. 
Next, I wish to discuss the fact that 
this bill has no exception for the health of the mother. Only when a mother’s health deteriorates to the point that she could die does it allow an excep-tion. This is unconstitutional as well. The Supreme Court’s controlling opin-ion in Planned Parenthood v. Casey said that even after viability, the gov-ernment may restrict abortion ‘‘except where it is necessary, in appropriate medical judgment, for the preservation of the life or health of the mother.’’ The Supreme Court’s 2000 decision in 
Stenberg v. Carhart reiterated this point. The decision quotes Casey and other cases about the need for a health exception. It is true the Supreme Court in Gonzalez v. Carhart in 2007 upheld a Federal ban on a particular abortion procedure, a law many of us opposed, but the Gonzalez decision still quotes Casey and other cases about the need for a health exception, and it does not suggest that the government can com-pletely ban abortion after a particular week of pregnancy without a health ex-ception. 
The bottom line: This bill would en-
danger women by banning abortion even when necessary to protect the mother’s health—and that is also un-constitutional. This is shocking be-cause in no other circumstance would we restrict medical care until the pa-tient is at risk of death. In cases where the mother is bleeding severely or has gone into septic shock, it could be too late to save her or prevent serious in-jury. 
Another shocking provision of this 
bill requires rape victims to provide certification from law enforcement that they have been raped, as well as proof that they have attended coun-seling or received medical treatment. 
Just a few months ago I spoke on the 
Senate floor in support of anti-human trafficking legislation. The bill was stalled because some of us wanted to ensure that trafficking victims had ac-cess to the medical services they need-ed, including abortion. There seemed to be agreement on both sides that a traf-ficking victim who has been raped re-peatedly, imprisoned, and abused should be able to get the health care she needs. Yet under the bill we are voting on, a 13-year-old sex trafficking victim—a rape victim—would not be el-igible for an exception unless she gets a note from law enforcement or a child welfare agency. 
I just did a sex trafficking meeting in 
Los Angeles with three district attor-neys from big cities in California, as well as the sheriff of L.A. County and the chief of police. What they told me is the average girl, sex-trafficked, is between the ages of 12 to 14. So this isn’t some outrageously small example. Let’s say the victim is 12 to 14. She has been traumatized, she has been emo-tionally and physically abused. Sup-posing she was one of those in Oakland, where she was handcuffed at night and stripped naked and then worked the streets during the day. She may not be ready or even able to go to the police. She wouldn’t qualify for a rape excep-tion under this bill. That is just ter-rible. My Republican colleagues would force her to endure the pregnancy—the result of rape—because she didn’t have the right paperwork. 
Finally, I wish to talk about why it 
is important to view this bill in the broader context of efforts to dismantle women’s access to health care and ban abortion outright. Anti-choice groups have been trying to make it as hard as possible, bit by bit, piece by piece, for 
women to access safe, legal abortion care. 
Take this latest attack on Planned 
Parenthood. The individuals who made the highly edited videos spent years trying to befriend Planned Parenthood officials and obtain the footage—you can read about it on the front page of Politico today—and they are under in-vestigation for possible criminal activ-ity. They used false identification to represent a fake medical company. The videos were presented to the public as unedited, but forensics experts at the firm Fusion GPS tell us that is not the case. Content is missing and numerous edits have been made to even the so- called full footage videos. Many Mem-bers of Congress have requested the full videos. These requests have gone, as one might expect, unanswered. 
The point is, a woman’s ability to 
make her own health care decisions is under sustained, unrelenting attacks, most of them by men. Historically, it has always been interesting to me to see that some of the most vocal, the most sustained voices, are male voices, and all women have asked is to be able to control their own reproductive sys-tem. 
As a result, more than one in three 
American women lives in a county without a single health care provider that offers abortion services. Today these services are unavailable for mil-lions of low-income women in the country, just the way it was when I was young, when we had to pass the plate at Stanford so women could go to Tijuana for an abortion, and many of us felt she would kill herself if that didn’t happen. 
As a result of new restrictions, 
women are once again turning to un-safe methods, much as they did before Roe v. Wade. Women were forced into unsafe conditions, often in back alleys. Some were permanently injured or died. I am old enough to remember those days. In the early 1960s, when I set sentences in California, as a mem-ber of the California Women’s Board of Terms and Parole, I set a sentence— which the State had determined the sentence law at the time for abortion was 6 months to 10 years. I remember interviewing the woman when she came back. I remember her name. I said to her: Anita, why did you do this again? You should know better. She said to me: Because people are so com-pelling, and I felt so sorry for these women. That is what this leads to. That is what this leads to. 
In 2013, Bloomberg News reported on 
the increasing number of women in Texas buying pills on the black market to induce abortion. One woman inter-viewed, a mother of four, was on her way to buy these pills at a flea market. She said: 
You’d be amazed at how many people, 
young people, are taking those pills. I prob-ably know 12 to 20 people who have done this. My cousin just went to the flea market a few months ago. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Sep 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.009 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6826 September 21, 2015 
That is the result of actions like this. 
When those of us who lived through pre-Roe recount the risks of returning to the way things were, we truly are not exaggerating. Restricting access to safe, legal abortion doesn’t reduce abortions; it makes women desperate, it increases health risks, and can lead to death. 
At the same time women are facing 
these attacks on access to health care and the ability to make health care de-cisions, there is also an effort under-way to cut programs that help new mothers and their children. Nearly 15 million children in the United States live in poverty—15 million. That is less than $24,000 a year for a family of four, and nearly half of these families don’t have enough food to eat. There are more homeless children in this coun-try—2.5 million, 500,000 of them in Cali-fornia alone—than ever before. One in five of these children actually lives in my State. It is astonishing to me that with all the talk about supporting chil-dren, Republicans continue to cut the very programs that support them. These are programs such as the Supple-mental Nutrition Assistance Program, Head Start, child care subsidies, Med-icaid, and housing assistance. 
House and Senate Republican budg-
ets have proposed cutting $5 trillion from nondefense spending, which in-cludes programs to help low-income families. These attacks on vulnerable families must stop. 
In conclusion, the bill we are consid-
ering today is unconstitutional, and the highest Court of the land has found that so. It would trample on a woman’s right to make her own medical deci-sions. It would even force women to continue pregnancies in the most trag-ic of circumstances. But this bill is only the start. 
If the groups pushing this bill have 
their way, only the most privileged women in our country will have access to safe, legal abortion. That is how it was before Roe v. Wade. I remember it well. And the women of this Nation will not stand to return to this time. Not on this Senator’s watch. 
I strongly urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. COTTON. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. COTTON. Madam President, over 
the last year I have learned a lot about the magic of human life—from concep-tion to growth in the mother’s womb, to childbirth, to newborn development. This wasn’t a part of my legislative work or my public duties. My newfound knowledge didn’t come from a course of study reading scientific journals or consulting with medical experts; in-stead, like many parents, I learned through experience the blessings of my 
first child. 
My wife Anna gave birth to our very 
own little angel Gabriel almost 5 months ago. Since then, Gabriel has joined me on this very floor, at this very desk. Many of you have met our little man and happily agree that he appears to take after his mother. 
Gabriel has been a part of our family 
from the beginning, long before he was born. I remember when Anna and I first discovered she was pregnant. We were so excited, yet like so many new par-ents, also apprehensive for his health and safety. Then 1 year ago this week, we had our first appointment with the OB–GYN in Russellville. We couldn’t believe it when we heard his little heartbeat on the ultrasound at barely 9 weeks. Anna recalls that she almost started crying, though I don’t recall an ‘‘almost’’ for either one of us. Just 4 weeks later, as the first trimester con-cluded, we got one of those perfect ultrasound shots. We saw Gabriel in profile lying on his back, hands near his face, feet and legs kicked up in the air. 
We now know how much of his per-
sonality and habits he had already de-veloped by that point because that po-sition is how we usually find him when he wakes from his nap. Soon after, he began to flip around, kick and hiccup, which he also likes to do to this day. All of these things happened before the halfway point in Anna’s pregnancy, be-fore Gabriel reached 20 weeks. While he is precious and one of a kind for us, it is quite normal for a typical baby, as expecting parents can tell you and as modern medical science can now docu-ment. 
While Anna carried Gabriel to term 
and he was born happy and healthy, many babies aren’t as lucky, but thanks to the miracle of medical science, babies age just 20 weeks after fertilization can increasingly survive if born at that extremely premature age. A remarkable study published earlier this year in the New England Journal of Medicine concluded that babies age 20 to 22 weeks can survive with skilled and proper, though not extraordinary, medical intervention and treatment. Likewise, advances in perinatology have made fetal surgery more common and successful, sometimes as early as 16 weeks. 
These breakthroughs can help cor-
rect or ameliorate certain fetal condi-tions. Not only can 20-week-old babies survive outside of the womb, but they can also undergo successful surgery in-side the womb. It is common practice in these surgeries to administer anes-thesia, not just to the mother but spe-cifically to the baby in utero to pre-vent both from feeling pain. In other words, medical science increasingly confirms the common experience of parents and the religious and ethical belief of the ages that an unborn baby is just as much a person as you, as I, as each of us, only more innocent, more helpless and therefore even more de-serving of protection, especially by the 
halfway point of the pregnancy. They feel pain and they seek life. It is par-ticularly heartbreaking that such ba-bies are killed in our country. 
By some estimates, 10,000 babies 20 
weeks or older are aborted each year. By this point most Americans have seen the gruesome videos of Planned Parenthood officials callously dis-cussing the dismemberment of babies to harvest and sell their organs. They 
cavalierly talk about using ‘‘less crunchy procedures’’ to preserve the organs, subjecting the baby to excru-ciating pain and death for profit. 
This is a sad reality in America 
today. Just 2 miles from where I stand, just 5 blocks from the White House is an abortionist who advertises on his Web site for abortions without restric-tion up to 26 weeks—right up to the third trimester. It is far past the medi-cally accepted point of viability. Who knows how many other abortionists do the same, just more discreetly. 
It is past time to end this barbaric 
practice and protect these innocent ba-bies. Therefore, I strongly support the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act and urge my fellow Senators to do the same. This legislation would stop the abortion of babies 20 weeks or older, with certain reasonable and widely supported exceptions. 
I understand that abortion provokes 
strong feelings on both sides of the question. I acknowledge that reason-able people of good will disagree about the wisdom and morality of early first- term abortions, but I am mystified as to why we cannot come together and agree to protect babies who feel pain and who can survive outside of the womb. It is not just I and large majori-ties of the American people who feel this way; the civilized world over-whelmingly rejects this kind of late- term abortion. Only seven countries allow elective abortion after 20 weeks, including Communist dictatorships like China and North Korea, which also inflict enforced abortion and steriliza-tion on their people. By contrast, coun-tries to our left, like France and Ger-many, heavily restrict or ban abortion after the first trimester and so does Belgium, home of the European Union. Even Russia bans elective abortion after the first trimester. 
Our abortion policy is one case where 
we should be ashamed of our inter-national isolation and follow Europe’s lead in protecting innocent life. In our country, founded as it is on the equal rights of mankind and the unalienable right of life, it is deeply disappointing that the laws don’t protect those most innocent lives among us, particularly when medical science now has the abil-ity to do so. These scientific advances, like life itself, are miracles. These days it may seem like a miracle when a law passes around here. If that is the case, as a father, as an American, as a law-maker, I think a miracle is called for now if it ever was. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Sep 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.011 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6827 September 21, 2015 
THE FILIBUSTER  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, 
during the last several days several Re-publicans have suggested that the Sen-ate should abandon a tradition that has existed in this body since Thomas Jefferson wrote the rules of the Senate in 1789. It is the tradition of extended debate—a tradition that when an issue comes up, under the rules of this body, we continue to talk, we continue to de-bate until every Senator has had his or 
her say, at least enough of a say that 60 Senators then say it is time to stop talking and start voting. 
Republicans who want to abolish the 
filibuster in the Senate are, I would suggest, Republicans with very short memories. The Senate’s 226-year tradi-tion of extended debate was created for the purpose of protecting the minority from the tyranny of the majority. For the last 70 years, most of the time Re-publicans have been the minority need-ing that protection. 
Since World War II, Democrats have 
controlled the Presidency and both Houses of Congress for 22 years; Repub-licans have had such complete control for 6 years. Let me say that again. Since World War II, Democrats have controlled the Presidency and both Houses of Congress for 22 years; Repub-licans have had such complete control for only 6 years. 
During those 22 years when the 
Democrats had complete control, with-out a Senate filibuster to protect the minority, Democrats could have en-acted any law they wanted. To see what can happen when Democrats have complete control and Republican Sen-ators can’t filibuster, one has to look back only to 2009 and 2010. Then, be-cause there were 60 Democratic Sen-ators making a Republican filibuster futile, the country got ObamaCare. This is because the so-called filibuster rule says that the Senate cannot vote on legislation until 60 of the 100 Sen-ators decide it is time to end the de-bate. When more than 40 Senators want to continue debating and object to moving to a vote, that is called a fili-buster. 
Let’s look at the future, to the possi-
bility of a President Hillary Clinton, a Democratic majority in both Houses, and no Senate filibuster rule. My pre-diction is that at the top of the Demo-cratic agenda would be a Federal law abolishing right-to-work laws in the 25 States that have them. This is pre-cisely what President Lyndon B. John-son tried to do in 1965 and 1966. Presi-dent Johnson was not successful. What stopped the President? A threatened filibuster by the Senate Republican leader Everett McKinley Dirksen. 
You can make your own list of what 
else would be on the agenda if Demo-crats had complete control and there were no Senate filibuster. I would pre-dict higher taxes, more gun control, fewer abortion restrictions, making every city a sanctuary city, card check instead of the secret ballot for union elections, and numerous other liberal laws. The most important reason to keep 
the filibuster rule is that the country needs one legislative body that takes its time to think through an issue and 
try to develop a consensus. The House of Representatives is, quite properly, the Nation’s sounding board. If the country is boiling, the House of Rep-resentatives is boiling. On the other hand—as George Washington told Thomas Jefferson—the Senate is the saucer into which hot tea is poured to cool. The Senate’s tradition of ex-tended debate requires continuing de-bate until 60 Senators decide it is time to stop discussing and time to start voting. That allows every Senator to have a say. It encourages bipartisan consensus, which is the best way to govern a large, complex country such as the United States of America. 
When both parties agree on a solu-
tion to a controversial issue—such as the civil rights laws of the 1960s—the country accepts the laws more easily. When the laws are jammed through by a partisan vote—as happened with ObamaCare—the losers start the next day trying to repeal the law and the country is plunged into confusion. 
There is one more serious problem 
with the current proposals to use the so-called nuclear option to change the Senate rules. Senate rules require 67 votes to change the rules. If Repub-licans use the nuclear option, we would be operating in the same lawless fash-ion that the Democrats did in 2013, when they used a mere majority vote to eliminate the filibuster for most Presidential nominations. 
The Democrats’ action in 2013 made 
little difference in how the Senate ac-tually operates by custom. By custom, nominations have almost always been decided by a majority vote, but the 2013 use of the nuclear option set a dam-aging precedent. As one dissenting Democratic Senator said, a Senate that can change its rules any time it wants by majority vote is a Senate without any rules. 
How then could the country’s chief 
rulemaking body earn respect for the rules it makes for 320 million Ameri-cans if we don’t follow our own rules? Unlike nominations, the opportunity for extended debate on legislation has existed since Thomas Jefferson wrote the Senate rules in 1789. 
Of course, the current proposals to 
abolish the filibuster wouldn’t change a thing in the Congress. President Obama could simply veto whatever he wanted to. According to the U.S. Con-stitution, it takes 67 votes in the Sen-ate to overturn a Presidential veto. 
Now, it is true that Democrats and 
Republicans have used the filibuster too often. There absolutely should be an up-or-down vote in this body on the President’s Iran agreement and on the 12 appropriations bills that our com-mittee has completed work on and are ready to come to the floor. All of them are being blocked by Democratic fili-busters. 
To solve this problem, some suggest 
eliminating the filibuster only in ‘‘some cases,’’ but who will decide 
which cases are ‘‘some cases’’? If the minority decides, nothing will be changed. If the majority decides, the minority is crushed. The only way to reduce the number of filibusters is by consent and by restraint on the part of both political parties. 
In 1995, Republicans were elected ma-
jorities in both Houses of Congress. A Democratic Senator proposed abol-ishing the filibuster. Even though this temporarily would have seemed to ben-efit Republicans, every single Repub-lican voted no. House Republicans are often frustrated because legislation that runs through the House like a freight train slows down or even grinds to a halt in the Senate. But that was the system of checks and balances that our Founders created, and sometimes the shoe is on the other foot. 
This year, the Senate has passed im-
portant legislation on a 6-year highway bill which is still stalled in the House. Republicans and conservatives who are thinking about abolishing the fili-buster should think some more about how ObamaCare became law. They should think about what it would be like to live in the 25 States that now have right-to-work laws if Democrats gained the Presidency and majorities in Congress and abolished those right- to-work laws because there was no Sen-ate filibuster. Think about what might happen if Democrats again have com-plete control and Congress dances to the tune of the White House and the Republican minority might have no fil-ibuster to protect itself and this coun-try from the tyranny of that Democrat majority. 
Madam President, I ask unanimous 
consent to have an editorial from this morning’s Wall Street Journal printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Wall Street Journal, Sept. 21, 
2015] 
EDITORIAL : REPUBLICAN FILIBUSTER  
BLOWING UP THE SENATE ’S6 0-VOTE RULE WOULD  
GAIN NO POLICY VICTORY  
In the movie classic ‘‘Animal House,’’ the 
fraternity brother Otter reacts to the Delta House’s closure with the line, ‘‘I think that this situation absolutely requires a really fu-tile and stupid gesture be done on some-body’s part.’’ To which Bluto replies, ‘‘We’re just the guys to do it.’’ The film ends by not-ing that Bluto becomes a Senator, so perhaps this explains the growing frenzy to abolish the filibuster. 
Conservatives are frustrated that Repub-
licans lack the 60 votes necessary to end Senate debate and send bills to President Obama that disapprove the Iran nuclear deal and defund Planned Parenthood. Thus they want Majority Leader Mitch McConnell to break Senate rules midterm and exercise the ‘‘nuclear option’’ to pass legislation with a simple majority instead of the current three- fifths requirement to end debate and allow a vote. 
Conservatives also want some understand-
able revenge for then Majority Leader Harry Reid’s 2013 decision to kill the filibuster for most executive nominees and appellate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Sep 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.013 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6828 September 21, 2015 
judges to pack the D.C. Circuit Court of Ap-
peals. The liberals who used to wail that the filibuster undermines democracy have sud-
denly gone silent now that Democrats are using the tool to obstruct conservative prior-ities. 
In a letter last week, 57 House Republicans 
declared that some bills are ‘‘so consequen-tial that they demand revisions to the Sen-ate’s procedures.’’ In a press conference, Kevin McCarthy, the House Majority Leader, also endorsed the idea ‘‘to let the people have a voice.’’ 
Presidential candidate John Kasich said 
Sunday that he favored ‘‘extreme measures,’’ including blowing up the filibuster. ‘‘Forget about the 60-vote rule,’’ fellow candidate Scott Walker said at last week’s debate. ‘‘Pass it with 51 votes, put it on the desk of the President and go forward and actually make a point. This is why people are upset with Washington.’’ 
Maybe so, but surely Messrs. Walker and 
Kasich know that Mr. Obama will veto any-thing that emerges from Congress on Planned Parenthood or Iran. Senate Repub-licans still wouldn’t have the 67 votes to override a veto. So they’d achieve no policy victory. 
In exchange, they’d end an important 
check on majoritarian control—an action they may one day come to regret. Over the years the filibuster has helped block numer-ous progressive priorities such as union card- check, limits on political speech, and cap and trade. The filibuster also allows a minor-ity to help shape legislation, not merely to block it, and on balance the procedure has served the country well by moderating ex-treme proposals. 
If Republicans do want to convert the Sen-
ate into a high-end version of the House, where even a near-majority is powerless, then they should at least do so when they can accomplish something significant with a Republican President. The precise wrong time is 14 months ahead of an election that may result in a new Democratic President and Senate majority under leader-in-waiting Chuck Schumer. 
Now that Mr. Reid has cashiered the fili-
buster for nominees, we agree that Repub-licans should follow that precedent the next time there’s a GOP President. A GOP Senate majority should refuse to let Democrats fili-buster a conservative Supreme Court nomi-nee. But giving up the filibuster over policy now would be a futile gesture that liberals would exploit to expand government in the future. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Hawaii. 
Ms. HIRONO. Madam President, I 
rise today to speak about yet another Republican attempt to limit women’s health care choices. 
Congress should be focused on fund-
ing the government and keeping our country open for business. Instead, we are wasting our limited legislative days on H.R. 36, a bill that will not pass, and therefore is just for show. This bill is yet another example of a re-lentless anti-woman agenda. Rather than doing our jobs to keep important government services funded, we are de-bating a 20-week abortion ban. 
The decision to end a pregnancy is a 
difficult one that involves many fac-tors. Each case is unique, and any deci-sion made is a very private one. Ending a pregnancy after 20 weeks is ex-tremely rare. It is often a medical ne-cessity. This weekend in the Washington Post 
a woman bravely wrote about her need to end her pregnancy after the 20-week mark. When Rebecca and her husband went in for a routine checkup, they re-ceived the tragic news that her preg-nancy was no longer viable. After con-sulting many physicians and special-ists, Rebecca was left with an unten-able decision, but she was able to ac-cess all of her health care options and get care that was right for her. 
This bill would severely limit the 
ability of women to access vital and necessary health care options. H.R. 36 contains few exceptions, and these ex-ceptions are so burdensome that they may as well not be there. 
I have met with providers who stand 
on the frontlines of this choice debate. Despite threats lobbied at them every day, they work hard to ensure that the United States is a country where women are fully empowered to make decisions about their own health care. These physicians have seen the heart-ache and agony women experience making this difficult decision. Women should not be subjected to medically 
unnecessary, financially taxing, and just plain cruel treatment at the be-hest of some Republican lawmakers. 
If my colleagues truly wanted to im-
prove women’s health care, they would fund title X programs, bolster the Ma-ternal and Child Health Block Grant, and support the Affordable Care Act. 
We have no business attempting to 
legislate a private, constitutionally protected right using unsubstantiated science and hyperbole. In fact, numer-ous courts have found similar laws by States to be unconstitutional. We need to move on from these votes for show and get back to the real work of the Senate. I am calling this bill what it is: An unnecessary, unwarranted, and likely unconstitutional intrusion into women’s private health care decisions. 
Meanwhile, time is running out to 
reach an agreement to keep our gov-ernment open, and we cannot afford an-other shutdown. We need to pass a clean continuing resolution to keep the government going. I ask my colleagues to join me in focusing on legislation to improve the lives of every single Amer-ican. We need legislation that in-creases access to education, promotes job growth, strengthens our national security, and keeps America vibrant. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in 
voting no on cloture on H.R. 36. 
I yield the floor, and I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. PERDUE. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. PERDUE. I ask unanimous con-
sent to speak as in morning business for 10 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. APPROPRIATIONS  
Mr. PERDUE. Madam President, I 
rise today to talk about why I am here, and really why all of us are here. We are here to represent the people of our great States. We are here to do the peo-ple’s business and to be good stewards of taxpayer dollars. 
We just finished an ongoing debate 
about how Congress can direct and guide foreign policy in the United States. In doing so, we have seen the dangerous consequences of partisan politics right here on the Senate floor and how that can affect this process. Just last week, 42 of my Democratic colleagues supported President Obama’s dangerous nuclear deal with Iran while still having serious concerns about its global ramifications. 
Now we must refocus our attention 
on solving our fiscal crisis and tackling our skyrocketing national debt. State governments across the country set both funding levels and clear priorities for their States each year based on the needs of their people and their local communities. Washington has been dis-tracted from this for far too long. Bal-ancing the budget and efficiently allo-cating resources is what Washington has not done well for the last several years. Too many people here are pre-occupied by politics of the day when getting our fiscal house in order should always be the top priority. In other words, Washington has stopped listen-ing to the American people. Well, I— and a few of us, including the Presiding Officer—am indeed listening. The American people told us what they wanted in November of last year when the Presiding Officer and I were elect-ed. Georgians tell me repeatedly—even now—what they want. They want less government. They want less spending. They want us to push back against President Obama’s out-of-control spending and Executive overreaches that are failing the working men and women of America. The bottom line is they want us to deal with this debt cri-sis. 
Earlier this year, the Senate Budget 
Committee took a great first step by passing a balanced budget for the first time since 2001. This budget outlined our conservative principles and spend-ing limits. This budget spends $7 tril-lion less than the President’s budget over the next 10 years. What it doesn’t do is reduce the debt today or deal with the over $100 trillion of future un-funded liabilities coming at us like a freight train. It does balance in 10 years, which is quite an achievement given what we had to work with, but more can and must be done right now. So I am going to continue my focus on cutting wasteful spending and reducing Federal expenditures with the goal of developing a long-term plan to pay down this out-of-control massive $18 trillion of Federal debt. 
In the last 6 years, we spent $21
1⁄2 
trillion funding our Federal Govern-ment. That is so large that it is hard to spend. What I can’t understand is of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Sep 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21SE6.001 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6829 September 21, 2015 
that $211⁄2trillion, $8 trillion was bor-
rowed. We simply cannot continue going down this road. While one side wants tax increases, the other side wants spending cuts. In my experience, neither alone will solve the equation in its entirety. Growing our economy is the only real solution. Again, the budg-et is just the first step. We must put our conservative principles into action and work through the regular appro-
priations process to determine how we responsibly allocate Federal funds. 
The Senate Appropriations Com-
mittee has put forward 12 appropria-tions bills that adhere to the Repub-lican budget and that reflect the prior-ities of the American people. Overall, these bills are under the Budget Con-trol Act caps that were put in place by Congress in 2011 to control spending. More importantly, they better prioritize taxpayer dollars to meet the goals of the American people. For ex-ample, these appropriation bills de-crease spending on ObamaCare and in-crease spending for border security. They end the EPA’s waters of the United States rule and stop the Obama administration’s onerous greenhouse gas regulations. They also prohibit the NLRB from changing the rules of the game, such as the ambush election rule and changing the joint-employer rela-tionship, in order to prevent negative impacts to American workers and busi-ness. 
They subject the Consumer Financial 
Protection Bureau, or CFPB, to con-gressional oversight and eliminate hundreds of duplicative programs that have outlived their original mission. The list goes on and on. 
The fiscal year ends on September 30. 
That is only a few days from now. We must move forward and debate these 12 appropriations bills that reflect Geor-gia values and fulfill the promises we all made to represent the American people. 
While we have already seen our 
Democratic colleagues block such de-bate on these important bills, I hope we can immediately restart this crit-ical process and return to regular order. Certainly, a full and robust de-bate on all of these bills is necessary to ensure that our Federal Government continues to function without over-spending. 
Now, I can tell my colleagues there 
are some things I would like to change in these bills, but they ought to be de-bated. It ought to be debated in the open and not blocked by more partisan gridlock that we see here every day. I hope the majority leader will continue to bring these bills to the floor and I hope the objections of my Democratic colleagues will finally end, and let’s get to an open and honest debate. 
Georgians sent me to the Senate to 
fight for them, and that is what I in-tend to do. This is just a start. I will not and I cannot stand by while Senate Democrats continue to block the Sen-ate from doing the people’s work as they did every day when they were in charge. Madam President, I also wish to 
speak for just a moment on a bill that is going to come up this week focusing on the unborn. I wish to say a few words today in support of the Pain-Ca-pable Unborn Child Protection Act of which I am a proud cosponsor in the Senate. Simply put, this legislation protects unborn babies from unimagi-nable pain. 
Every child is a blessing, and I am in-
credibly fortunate that God has blessed my wife and me with two great boys and three grandsons. I will never forget the day we found out we were going to have our first child. It was life chang-ing. When the doctor gave us the excit-ing news, we were overjoyed, but, at the same time, we were a bit over-whelmed. We were young, like most parents. We were going to become par-ents. We were going to have a baby. There is a difference. 
Like every expectant mother, my 
wife was glowing. She may not have felt great and maybe didn’t think she was glowing, but I assure my col-leagues, she was. I will never forget seeing our baby on the ultrasound for the first time, or feeling him kick. And, the day my first son was born, holding him for the very first time was one of the most incredible moments of my life. 
When the doctor told us we were 
going to have our second child, I was concerned we couldn’t possibly love this second child as much as we did the first, but, wow, how I was wrong. 
Later in life, my wife and I have been 
blessed with three grandsons who are all great. There is no greater love than that of a parent, although it can be ri-valed by that of a grandparent. Believe me, my three grandchildren know how to tug at my heartstrings. 
My children and grandchildren are 
why I am here in the Senate, fighting for them and others like them to have a better future, for my fellow Geor-gians, for them, and for all Americans. 
We live in the most compassionate 
country in the world. We send food, clothing, and medicine all over the world to help save underprivileged chil-dren and families who are struggling to find the basic things they need to sur-vive. It is extremely troubling, there-fore, that our country’s compassion for life is absent here at home. Only seven countries in the world allow parents to abort a baby after 5 months—only seven. That is not a list America should aspire to be a part of. 
According to the Congressional Budg-
et Office, over 10,000 unborn babies 20 weeks or older are killed in America every year. Imagine that for a moment. Each year, more than 10,000 lives, who feel and react to pain, have their lives brutally taken from them. 
In my view, this is a national dis-
grace. It is absolutely unconscionable. I cannot believe protecting life, espe-cially that of the unborn, is an actual 
subject of debate. One would think this would be an issue of unity, but debate on this important legislation could not have come at a more urgent time. Recent gruesome videos describe the 
harvesting and selling of fetal organs and remind our Nation just how bar-baric the abortion industry has be-come. As a parent, and now a grand-parent, I find it difficult to imagine that something so horrific can happen in a country as compassionate as America. 
Our Nation must promote a culture 
that values all life. We must protect the innocent and the most vulnerable among us, especially the unborn. 
We can protect unborn babies from 
unimaginable pain. We can protect life. 
That is why I support this legisla-
tion. That is why I cosponsored it. I urge my colleagues to take it very seri-ously. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the 
Senator withhold his suggestion? 
Mr. PERDUE. Yes. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-
dent, I thank the distinguished Senator from Georgia. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
I rise today in my series of ‘‘Time to 
Wake Up’’ speeches to bring attention to two of God’s humblest but most use-ful creatures. 
Here in the high political majesty of 
the Senate, it is easy to forget Mat-thew: ‘‘No man can serve two masters. . . . Ye cannot serve God and mammon.’’ 
Who do we serve here? I submit it is 
mammon, all day long, no doubt about it. Mammon surrounds and submerges us. We swim in its currents. This Sen-ate of ours, this is ‘‘Mammon Hall.’’ 
How easy it is from our perch of 
worldly power here in Mammon Hall to overlook the humble, and what could be humbler than God’s humblest beasts? So, today, I want us to remem-ber two: The bumblebee and the pter-opod. 
When was the last time any of us 
thought of the humble bumblebee? Not recently, I expect, and not often. We have important things to do. Who can be thinking about bumblebees? Yet, by the millions, by God’s plan, these small creatures spend their days out busily pollinating the plants that yield the crops that turn into the food we hu-mans depend on to survive. 
The humble bumblebee does much 
more good in God’s natural realm than we humans do. On the spectrum be-tween givers and takers of this good Earth’s blessings, we humans are way over on the taker end of the spectrum, and the bumblebee—it is humble—but it is way over on the giver end. And the humble pteropod, how many of us even know what it is? Not many in this Sen-ate, I would bet. The pteropod is a winged snail that populates the ocean in immense numbers. It is sometimes called the sea butterfly because, over millenia, God’s evolution of these crea-tures has turned their snail foot into 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Sep 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.015 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6830 September 21, 2015 
an oceanic wing. A cousin species is 
called the sea angel. 
Like the bumblebee, the pteropod 
performs an unheralded service in God’s natural realm. The pteropod is an essential link in the oceanic food chain, supporting the whole great net-work of trophic levels and species above it. 
In what Pope Francis calls ‘‘the mys-
terious network of relations between things’’—in that mysterious network of relations between things, the pter-opod gives its life to transmit food en-ergy from the microscopic plants it eats, that would be no use to us, up to the fish that consume the pteropod— fish, which we, in turn, consume—all in that great ‘‘mysterious network.’’ 
Back here in Mammon Hall, many in-
terests can only appreciate nature in monetary terms and can only value things to the extent that they can be monetized. They are the mercenary sort Pope John Paul II said ‘‘see no other meaning in their natural envi-ronment than what serves for imme-diate use and consumption.’’ Or, as Pope Benedict said, think ‘‘everything is simply our property and we use it for ourselves alone.’’ They are the inter-ests who, as Pope Francis said, have the attitude ‘‘of masters, consumers, ruthless exploiters, unable to set limits on their immediate needs.’’ According to them, if you can’t grab it and sell it, it has no value—not here in Mammon Hall. 
So, to them, let me say that the 
money-making salmon fishery depends in large part on the humble pteropod. For them, let me say that our enor-mous agribusiness enterprise depends on pollination by the humble bum-blebee. 
In Mammon Hall here, we have actu-
ally gotten used to this kind of behav-ior. It no longer even seems deviant to us. It has become normalized, but in our hearts we have to still know it is not normal. It is wrong. 
Pope Francis reminds us in his recent 
encyclical: ‘‘When nature is viewed solely as a source of profit and gain,’’ that is ‘‘[c]ompletely at odds with . . . the ideals . . . proposed by Jesus.’’ 
Completely at odds with the ideals 
proposed by Jesus. 
The Pope was blunt. He said: ‘‘Today, 
. . . sin is manifest in . . . attacks on nature. . . . a sin against ourselves and a sin against God.’’ 
That is what the interests we traffic 
with do all day long—no doubt about it. 
The Pope has said that ‘‘our common 
home is falling into serious disrepair. . . . [T]hings are now reaching a break-ing point. . . . [H]umanity has dis-appointed God’s expectations.’’ The Earth herself, he said, ‘‘groans in trav-ail,’’ and we are leaving to our children a world that, to use his words, ‘‘is be-ginning to look more and more like an immense pile of filth.’’ If we don’t see that, it is because we see so poorly out-side our privileged bubble of consump-tion. But if we don’t see that, the bum-
blebee and the pteropod do. Here is what is happening to them. 
A study in the peer-reviewed journal 
Science, published in early July, shows that as temperatures warm, bumblebee populations are retreating northward from the hottest part of their ranges as they warm further and further. But here is the rub: The northern range for the bumblebees for some reason is not expanding, which means the changing climate is crushing bumblebee popu-lations in a climate vice. 
‘‘Bumblebee species across Europe 
and North America are declining at 
continental scales,’’ warns study au-thor Dr. Jeremy Kerr of the University of Ottawa. ‘‘Our data suggest that cli-mate change plays a leading role, or perhaps the leading role, in this trend.’’ 
Carbon pollution from burning fossil 
fuels floods the atmosphere and causes climate change. But about 25 percent of it actually enters the oceans, and there, it acidifies the waters, souring them for creatures such as the pter-opod. 
Research led by NOAA scientists pub-
lished last year found that acidified water off our west coast is hitting the pteropod especially hard. They found ‘‘severe shell damage’’ on more than half of the pteropods they collected from Central California to the Cana-dian border. That was more than dou-ble the expected rate. The pteropods are being eaten away by acidic water. 
Oceanographer William Peterson, co-
author of the study, said, ‘‘We did not expect to see pteropods being affected to this extent in our coastal region for several decades.’’ The pace and extent 
of ocean acidification that we are ob-serving now, that we are measuring now, that we are driving now with our carbon pollution, are nearly unprece-dented in the geological record. The closest historical analogs, scientists say, are the great extinctions, when marine creatures were wiped out en masse and ocean ecosystems took mil-lions of years to recover. 
John Kenneth Galbraith knew some-
thing about importance, and he said this about importance: ‘‘The threat to men of great dignity, privilege, and pretense is . . . from accepting their own myth.’’ That happens when that ‘‘great dignity, privilege, and pretense’’ become so great that we no longer feel the need to listen—certainly not to something as insignificant as a bum-blebee, as humble as a pteropod. But remember why Jesus was so angry with the Pharisees. What was their sin? Their dignity, their privilege, and their pretense blinded them to how out of touch they were with the truth. 
So here we are in mammon hall, 
where powerful special interests court us, gigantic corporations lobby us, and billionaires pay us attention, and in-deed they fund some of us. Presidents must deal with us. Truly, we are to-day’s Pharisees. But Jesus taught that truth is among the things that are humble. We had better start listening to the 
bumblebee and the pteropod, to the coral polyp and the oyster spat, to the New Hampshire moose and the Idaho pine, to the Utah snowfall and the Cali-fornia drought, to the measured carbon concentration of our only atmosphere and the measured pH level of our only oceans. These are gifts, and these gifts are all God’s creations, and their sig-nals are all God’s voice. We ignore them in our arrogance, we ignore them in our folly, and we ignore them at our peril. 
It has already begun, as we careen 
into the next great extinction. As Pope Francis wrote, ‘‘Because of us, thou-sands of species will no longer give glory to God by their very existence, nor convey their message to us. We have no such right,’’ he said. 
Indeed, we have no such right. The 
day the bumblebee and pteropod no longer give glory to God by their very existence will be a bleak and perilous day for humankind. In the meantime, we had better smarten up to the mes-sage they convey to us. If their mes-sage, if the message of God’s crea-tures—if that message of warning is not God’s voice, then whose voice is it? 
I challenge you. If the voice of God’s 
creatures to us in the way they lead their lives and the way they are dying is not God’s voice, then whose voice is it and what message does it convey? 
As Pope Francis comes to this Con-
gress this week, I hope we will listen to the voice of God as expressed through his humblest creatures and just for a second turn off the noise from mammon that surrounds us. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alabama. 
Mr. SESSIONS. I thank the Chair. This Senator wants to take a few mo-
ments to talk about the Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, which I think is a good piece of legislation. I support it, and I hope my colleagues will allow it to move forward. I think when God speaks, maybe He would speak about that issue too. 
However, I really want to talk a lit-
tle bit more about where we are on the funding of Planned Parenthood, the two aspects of it. One is a large—hun-dreds of millions of dollars—appropria-tions that goes there through the Med-icaid program, and another is $28 mil-lion that was directly appropriated last year from the government to this Planned Parenthood agency. I call it an agency, but that is not really cor-rect. It is a nongovernmental entity, a nongovernmental activist group that does some good things and some things I don’t think are good. 
I think we ought to recognize that 
Congress has certain powers. It is very clear, I would submit, that a majority of the Members of the Senate and a majority of the Members of the House of Representatives do not want to fund this agency—certainly not as it has been funded in the past. What we have, as I understand it now, is at least $28 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Sep 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.017 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6831 September 21, 2015 
million of federal money that goes to it 
unless Congress decides not to fund it. 
Colleagues, the power of the purse re-
sides in the United States Congress. Not one dollar can be spent by the President, any of his Department heads, or the U.S. military, unless Con-gress has appropriated the money. That is an ultimate power of Congress. 
At the end of this fiscal year—Sep-
tember 30—if Congress has not appro-priated money for the future, then it can’t be spent. That is why we have a so-called shutdown. If you don’t fund the whole government, it is blocked in some way and then the government can’t expend the money that has not been appropriated by the elected rep-resentatives of the people of the United States. 
Let me just say it this way. I don’t 
believe the American people’s money that has been extracted from them by the Internal Revenue Service and other government extractors—I don’t believe that money should be spent on any pro-gram that is unhealthy or not wise. That is what we are all elected to do; is that not right? Fund programs that are good, worthwhile, and that create value for the American people, and not fund the programs that we don’t think are wise and create value, and advocate and promote principles we think are healthy for the American culture, the American people. We don’t have to fund any program Congress decides not to fund. The power of the purse resides in the Congress of the United States. A majority of the Congress does not favor advancing funding for Planned Parent-hood and certainly not the $28 million that goes through the HHS grant-writ-ing process, so I suggest we don’t fund it. That is what I think. Let’s not fund it. Why are we funding it? 
Well, we have to fund it, S
ESSIONS . 
You don’t understand. 
What don’t I understand? If it is not funded, you are shutting 
down the government. 
So if we do not provide the money for 
a nongovernmental agency that we think is not spending the taxpayers’ money wisely, we are shutting down the entire government of the United States? I suggest that is a ludicrous po-sition, one that goes beyond any ra-tionality, and I am prepared to say so. 
How did this happen? How could they 
say that? 
We are funding the government. We 
are passing a bill that funds all the government agencies. It just doesn’t fund this nongovernmental agency— the money they would like to have to advance their agenda, which isn’t my agenda, so I am not for funding it. I got elected. 
How did this happen? Well, the President says he will veto 
the bill, and since Congress hasn’t passed any of the appropriations bills in series like we should be doing, it is going to be cobbled together in one monumental matter, one monumental omnibus bill or continuing resolution. The President is going to veto the en-tire Federal funding because he doesn’t 
want us to cut $28 million. He wants it to be spent the way he thinks it should be spent. 
I think we should tell the President: 
Mr. President, you have your power. You can sign your agreement—not valid beyond your tenure—with Iran even though we disagree with it. A sub-stantial majority of both Houses op-poses it, but apparently, you have the lawful authority to do so. But you don’t have the lawful authority to spend money on an entity—not even a government entity—that Congress chooses not to spend money on. This is our business. 
We are in a bad trend here of Con-
gress just capitulating in favor of the Executive. By any historical standard, I have never seen a more supine Con-gress. 
So should we fund this program? I 
say no. Don’t put it in there. And I think we should send a note to the President: 
Dear Mr. President, we funded the 
Defense Department, we funded Medi-care, we funded Medicaid, we funded other programs, hundreds of them, at $1 trillion. That would be in this bill, basically, around $1 trillion. That is a thousand billion dollars. But we have chosen to cut $28 million of one of the programs we don’t think is good. Con-gress doesn’t like it, and Congress chose not to fund it. And somebody told us that you declared that if we do that, you are going to veto the entire funding for the government of the United States, including the Defense Department and all the other programs that aid us, including the Environ-mental Protection Agency. You are going to veto funding for those agen-cies and blame the Congress and go on to say Congress caused this. Wow. 
He is going to say that we who fund-
ed the government and he who blocked the funding for the government have a disagreement over this amount of money, and as a result he is going to veto the funding for the government and accuse the Republicans, who passed the bill to fund the government, of shutting down the government. 
Now, some people are afraid of the 
President. 
Oh, he always wins. The President al-
ways wins, and Congress always loses. S
ESSIONS , don’t you understand? 
But the facts of the case matter. The 
situation matters. If we follow the budget and we appropriate at a level for the Defense Department that the President wants and Congress wants and we do all these things, but we just choose not to fund this program, I don’t believe the President has the moral authority, the political clout to tell the American people that the Con-gress shut down the government when he vetoes the bill that will fund the government. 
So I just want to say that it is time 
for this Congress to do its duty, and we should fund programs that need fund-ing and not fund programs that don’t need funding, and we should try wher-
ever possible to reach a compromise the way we have done in the Armed Services Committee. All the members of the committee argued about this, that, and the other, and we created a military bill which we think is a healthy bill and which had over-whelming bipartisan support. Almost all of the appropriations bills that have come out of the committees have had bipartisan support, I think many of them unanimous, Republicans and Democrats—every one of them—sup-porting them. We get along around here a lot better than people say. But there are certain things Congress should not cede. It should not cede to the Executive the power of the purse. That is all I am saying. 
At this point in time, we will be deal-
ing directly with the HHS grant pro-grams that are giving money to an en-tity that I don’t think should be fund-ed. I am not voting to fund it. I think that is a reasonable position. And I think it would be extraordinary if the President were to take the view that he will not fund the Department of De-fense and other programs of the gov-ernment because of a disagreement over this issue. 
Indeed, colleagues, I believe the 
House has proposed legislation that would have generous funding for wom-en’s health. The money that would have gone to Planned Parenthood would instead go through a general plan of community health centers and other quasi-government entities that serve women throughout the country. 
So I thank the Presiding Officer for 
allowing me to say that. It is a matter we are going to have to wrestle with as a Congress. In the long run, I truly be-lieve Congress needs to fulfill its con-stitutional role, and that congressional role calls on it to evaluate every dollar spent by this government, to examine those programs that we think are valid and fund them, and if they need more funding, to give them more funding considering the debt situation the country is in and to not fund programs we do not think should be funded. 
What other role do we have in the 
Congress greater than that, the power of the purse. The President is not au-thorized to demand Congress spend money on every program he desires, a program that sells body parts and other things of that nature that I do not think is decent and good. So I am not for funding it. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota. 
Mr. FRANKEN. Madam President, I 
rise in strong opposition to continued attacks on women’s access to health care. Today, the Senate majority lead-er is attempting to advance a bill to ban abortion after 20 weeks. This is a blatantly unconstitutional proposal that injects politics into a private and deeply personal decision, one that should remain between a woman and her medical provider and her family. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Sep 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.019 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6832 September 21, 2015 
This bill is the latest—but not the 
last, I know—in a serious of unrelent-ing attacks on safe and legal abortion in this country. It not only represents a cynical affront to well-settled law, it poses a serious threat to women’s health. Let me tell you why. Nearly 43 years ago, the U.S. Supreme Court held that the Constitution protects, as a fundamental right, a woman’s ability to decide whether and when to start a family. This bill is plainly at odds with that holding and plainly at odds with the Constitution, which is why Federal and State courts have found laws like this one unconstitutional time and time again, but our colleagues on the 
other side of the aisle are now pushing forward with this bill and doing it at the expense of women who need med-ical care in the most desperate of cir-cumstances. 
Bills like this one demonstrate a cal-
lous disregard for the risks women face during pregnancy—women like Danielle Deaver, from Nebraska, who went to the doctor in a desperate at-tempt to save her pregnancy when her water broke at 22 weeks. Tests revealed that Danielle’s amniotic fluid had rup-tured, and her doctors explained that the baby could not be expected to sur-vive, but that was not all. The rupture also put Danielle at risk, at risk of an infection that could jeopardize her fer-tility and her ability to have children in the future. Together, Danielle and her husband made the heartbreaking decision to terminate her pregnancy, but because Danielle lived in a State with an abortion ban that made no ex-ception for a woman’s health and had not been challenged in court, her doc-tor was unable to help. Danielle en-dured 8 days of severe pain and infec-tion before delivering a daughter who survived for just 15 minutes. 
Christy Zink of Washington, DC, was 
21 weeks pregnant when an examina-tion revealed that her pregnancy suf-fered from a severe fetal anomaly— meaning, effectively, that the entire hemisphere of the brain was missing. Christy and her husband consulted her physician and other doctors in an at-tempt to save her much wanted preg-nancy, but after hearing of a near in-evitability that if delivered, their child would not survive, she and her husband ultimately made the very difficult per-sonal decision to end her pregnancy. 
The bill we are discussing today has 
no exception for cases where a woman’s pregnancy experiences a fetal anomaly. If a ban like this were to become law, families like Christy’s would have no options. As a father of two grown chil-dren, with one grandchild and another on the way, I know what it feels like to celebrate the news that your wife or your daughter or daughter-in-law is pregnant, to accompany them to doc-tor’s visits and checkups, to look for-ward to welcoming a child or grand-child into your family, and to look on with hope and worry as the pregnancy progresses, but my family has been very fortunate. I can only imagine the pain and heartbreak a family experi-
ences when they are faced with the kind of tragic news Danielle and Christy received when they learned something was wrong, but the idea that Congress should insert itself into those moments and act to limit the difficult choices available to women and their families confronting unimaginable pain and sorrow is unconscionable. 
This bill ignores women like Danielle 
and Christy. It ignores the unique cir-cumstances surrounding every wom-an’s pregnancy. Instead, it substitutes the judgment of Congress for that of medical professionals, even going so far as to threaten doctors with a 5-year prison sentence for providing women with the care they need. 
Make no mistake, this is an extreme 
proposal. Unfortunately, it represents just the latest salvo in an unending campaign to make safe and legal abor-tion virtually impossible to access. Since the 114th Congress was gaveled into session, we have seen no fewer than 65 legislative attacks on the right to choose. Just last month, the Senate voted on a measure that would have defunded Planned Parenthood, a health care provider that serves millions of Americans, including more than 54,000 people in my State of Minnesota. That legislation failed, but as the end of the fiscal year approaches, some of my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle— both in the House and in the Senate— have pledged not to support a spending bill that continues funding for Planned Parenthood. They prefer to see the gov-ernment shut down rather than allow a single penny to support the family planning services, the cancer screenings, and tests for sexually transmitted diseases that Planned Par-enthood provides. 
My good friend from Alabama Sen-
ator S
ESSIONS —and he is a good 
friend—suggested that we instead send that money to community health cen-ters. They do not have the staffing, they do not have the capacity to pro-vide these needed services for the mil-lions of people Planned Parenthood serves. That is why the public does not agree. According to a poll released last week, more than 7 in 10 Americans op-pose shutting down the government to defund Planned Parenthood. 
One of the reasons the public does 
not buy into these tactics is they un-derstand that access to reproductive health services, including contracep-tion and abortion, has a powerful effect on the decisions women and their fami-lies make every day, decisions about whether to start a job or how much a family can afford to save for college. 
For the vast majority of Americans, 
this is not political; this is personal. It is not a place for Congress to interfere. I urge my colleagues to oppose legisla-tion that would restrict the ability of women and families to make their own reproductive choices. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, to-
morrow this Chamber will vote on something called the Pain-Capable Un-born Child Protection Act, legislation I have cosponsored, that would recognize that a women has a legal right to have an abortion up to the point of 5 months’ gestation; that is, after 5 months’ gestation, an unborn child is beginning to grow hair on their head, their fingernails are growing. 
By this time in development, moth-
ers are beginning to feel the baby kick-ing and moving for the very first time. In other words, this is the point at which the child literally becomes via-ble, becomes a human being, capable of life outside of the mother. Obviously, a typical period of pregnancy is 40 weeks. So obviously we hope that in most cases a child will remain in the womb until it is fully developed. But the fact is, talk to any neonatologist, talk to any physician, they will tell you that at a point around 20 weeks, certainly 5 months of gestation, you have no longer a child dependent upon their mother for life but somebody who can actually live independently. 
Indeed, as many of us have done, go 
into some of these nurseries, where they have literally babies who weigh 1 pound or less, and see what medical science is able to do to actually save the lives of these premature babies—in a way that will allow them to grow up and be healthy and productive. It is nothing less than a medical miracle. 
But at 20 weeks of gestation, which is 
5 months, an unborn child is without a doubt a life—a life worth defending and worth protecting. This is something that is commonly accepted around the world. I don’t know how many people realize that actually this legislation would bring the United States in line with the developed countries around the world. As a matter of fact, the United States is just one of seven coun-tries worldwide that permit access to an elective abortion after 5 months of gestation, and we are in some pretty tough company. Right now we are in company with China, Vietnam, and North Korea. The United States, China, Vietnam, and North Korea basically permit an abortion up until the time a child is born naturally. 
This bill is also important because it 
would significantly curtail the horri-fying practices depicted in the videos we have seen of Planned Parenthood’s operations over the summer. I am sur-prised to see in the press that only about 49 percent of the American peo-ple have actually seen these videos be-cause they are so horrific, but I think they are also shocking. And perhaps it is that people would just rather turn their gaze and look away rather than see the barbaric practices depicted in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Sep 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.020 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6833 September 21, 2015 
these videos. But indeed these videos 
show Planned Parenthood executives callously discussing the value of an un-born child’s organs, and it is truly mor-ally reprehensible. I think, unfortu-nately, it reveals a dark side of human-ity—one that prizes the organs of an unborn child over the potential life that child could have. And I have asked 
myself: How did we get here? How did we become so desensitized to this prac-tice? And if there is anything these videos have done, hopefully it is to awaken the conscience of the American people as well as the Members of Con-gress to realize exactly what is going on and to conduct the investigations that are now underway by four com-mittees of this Congress and to do what we can, such as passing this Pain-Capa-ble Unborn Child Protection Act. It would make out of bounds the sort of late-term abortions that apparently this sort of enterprise depicted in the video depends upon. 
This legislation is a unique and pow-
erful opportunity for us to act and de-fend the lives of unborn children across this country. It is the best chance we have to advance a culture of life in this country. I am not suggesting that it is going to be easy or that we will have this vote and we will be finished. We will not be. I remember the long road to passage of the Partial-Birth Abor-tion Ban Act over a decade ago, and I think the distinguished majority lead-er, who has set this matter for a vote, recognizes that this is the beginning of raising the visibility of this horrific practice and asking the American peo-ple whether they are comfortable with the sort of conduct they see depicted on these videos or whether we ought to think again about whether we want to be part of a coalition of China, Viet-nam, and North Korea when it comes to sanctioning these late-term abor-tions after a baby has literally become viable in the womb. 
If this bill becomes the law of the 
land, it will be the first time Congress has significantly and meaningfully ad-vanced the pro-life agenda in over a decade. It took a long time for us to get the passage of the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act over a decade ago. And I don’t think we should underesti-mate the difficulty of passing this leg-islation and other pro-life legislation, but we need to start. These videos have given us the opportunity because they have awakened America’s conscience. 
This legislation, if passed, would save 
the lives of thousands of unborn chil-dren and make impossible the sort of organ-harvesting practice that we have seen on fully developed, unborn babies that we have seen depicted in these videos. 
Tomorrow the Senate will have a 
unique opportunity to stand up for the most vulnerable, and if we are not here to stand for those who cannot speak for themselves, the most vulnerable in our society, not the least of whom are the unborn, what are we here for? I hope my Senate colleagues will vote to ad-vance this legislation and in doing so 
vote to invoke a life of culture in this country. 
Moving this bill forward should be 
seen as a moral imperative by every Member of the Chamber. We can unite behind an understanding of obvious right and wrong and save thousands of lives by making the Pain-Capable Un-born Child Protection Act a reality. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader is recognized. 
PAPAL VISIT  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I know many Americans are looking ahead to the visit of Pope Francis this week with a great deal of interest. Thousands will gather on the Capitol grounds for the chance to hear him speak. I think I can speak for every colleague when I say the Senate wel-comes him with open arms. We look forward to his visit. 
GOVERNMENT FUNDING  
Madam President, it obviously is 
going to be a busy week in the Senate. That is true of the legislative issues be-fore us as well. One is government funding. 
Earlier this year, a new majority 
took office with a different outlook on government funding from that of the previous majority. We thought it made sense to actually pass a budget and then to fund it. So we passed a budget for the first time in 6 years. Then we passed all 12 appropriations bills through a committee for the first time in 6 years. Democratic colleagues voted for and praised the appropriations bills in committee. Had we passed the 12 ap-propriations bills on the floor, it would have funded the government without the dramas of the past. But Democrats didn’t change their minds and decided to pursue a regrettable ‘‘filibuster sum-mer’’ strategy of blocking all govern-ment funding for months. Some blocked bills they had just praised, all with the aim of pushing Washington into another one of these manufactured crises they just cannot seem to shake. It is truly unfortunate, but they have succeeded in making this a reality we now face. 
We have to push forward, and we will. 
I will have much to say on the issue as the week progresses. Discussions on the best way forward are ongoing. Dis-cussions about the character of our country continue as well. 
Madam President, tomorrow we will 
take up a bill the House of Representa-tives has already passed. It is legisla-tion that would allow America to join the ranks of most civilized nations when it comes to protecting the lives of the most innocent and vulnerable. 
We—along with countries like North 
Korea—are one of just seven nations to allow late-term abortions after 20 weeks, in other words, 5 months, when science and medical research tell us unborn children can feel pain. As the father of three daughters, I find that both tragic and heartbreaking. Many 
Americans feel the same way. Polls show that both men and women sup-port protections for innocent life at 5 months. 
I am asking colleagues to open their 
hearts and work with us to help defend the defenseless. Help us pass the Pain- Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. I will have more to say about this impor-tant bill before we take a vote on it to-morrow. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I rise 
today in strong support of the Pain-Ca-pable Unborn Child Protection Act. This bill recognizes an indisputable fact and it stands for an indispensable principle. The fact is that each of us was a living human being before birth. The principle is that each human being has inherent dignity and worth. 
The Supreme Court’s decision in Roe 
v. Wade degraded the Constitution, and the regime of virtually unrestricted abortion that it spawned continues to degrade our culture. It degraded the Constitution by reducing it to little more than a prop and using it as a cover for imposing the opinions of indi-vidual Justices. This decision is per-haps the best example of what Justice Benjamin Curtis warned about in his dissenting opinion in Dred Scott v. Sandford. He wrote that when the opin-ions of individuals control the Con-stitution’s meaning, ‘‘we have a gov-ernment which is merely . . . an expo-nent of the individual political opin-ions of the members of [the Supreme] Court.’’ That is exactly what Roe v. Wade is. 
In addition to degrading the Con-
stitution, the abortion regime spawned by Roe and maintained by its progeny continues to degrade our culture. This effect is inevitable because that regime is built on the dark proposition that humanity itself has no inherent worth that demands respect and that indi-vidual members of the human family can be killed for any reason at any time before birth. 
It was not always like this. Just 25 
years before Roe v. Wade, the United States voted for the Universal Declara-tion of Human Rights. The very first statement in the preamble recognizes ‘‘the inherent dignity and . . . the equal and inalienable rights of all members of the human family.’’ Arti-cle 3 states that everyone has the right to a life. 
Just 2 years after the U.S. Supreme 
Court created an unlimited right to abortion in Roe v. Wade, the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany came to a very different conclusion. Review-ing a law that allowed abortions in the first 12 weeks of pregnancy, the Ger-man court said that human life is the supreme value in the constitutional value and ‘‘the vital basis for humanity and the prerequisite of all other basic rights.’’ What a contrast. 
The United States has degraded 
human dignity by striking down a law 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Sep 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.021 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6834 September 21, 2015 
protecting preborn children. Germany 
promoted human dignity by striking down a law endangering preborn chil-dren. Our Supreme Court said that a preborn child is not a person under the U.S. Constitution and would not even address whether that child is a living, human being. The German court said that every human individual possessing life is covered by the German Constitu-tion, including preborn human beings. 
One of the most successful coverups 
in legal and social history has misled Americans into believing either that abortion is not legal for any reason at any time in this country or that this radical abortion regime is the norm around the world. Neither is true. Today the United States is one of only seven nations in the entire world to allow elective abortion after 20 weeks of pregnancy. Other members of that club include China and North Korea. 
The bill before us would prohibit the 
unjustified killing in the womb of human beings who can feel pain. The bill recognizes three justifications: when abortion is necessary to save the life of the mother and when the preg-nancy resulted from rape or from in-cest against a minor. This bill would do nothing more than move the United States a step away from the most ex-treme abortion position in the world. 
The Supreme Court may be pre-
venting us from upholding in law the inherent dignity of all human beings before birth. That does not mean, how-ever, that we should not defend that dignity for as many members of the human family as we can. That is why I support the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act before us today. 
This bill is consistent in two dif-
ferent ways with how the Supreme Court has set rules for abortion regula-tions in the past. In Roe v. Wade, the Court drew a line at certain points in pregnancy reflecting something that the Court found to be medically mean-ingful. The end of the first trimester, the Court said, was related to the rel-ative safety of the abortion procedure. The end of the second trimester, the Court said, marked the time when a preborn child could potentially live outside the womb, at least with artifi-cial aid. The Court said that these lines, which identify when certain abortion regulations are permissible, should be drawn ‘‘in the light of present medical knowledge.’’ 
That is exactly what this bill does. 
As its findings state, there is substan-tial medical evidence that a preborn child is capable of experiencing pain by 20 weeks after fertilization, if not ear-lier. I might add that this is not a re-cent discovery. Americans United for Life, for example, published a mono-graph more than 30 years ago reviewing the medical evidence. Dr. Vincent Col-lins, professor of anesthesiology at the University of Illinois, wrote that the entire sensory nervous system is func-tioning well before the 20-week point. 
More recently, Dr. Maureen Condic, 
Associate Professor of Neurobiology and Anatomy at the University of Utah 
School of Medicine, has testified before Congress and written that the sci-entific evidence regarding fetal pain is undisputed. That evidence shows that the brain’s circuitry responsible for the detection, and its response to pain is established well before the 20-week mark. 
This bill is consistent with precedent 
in another way. The Supreme Court has approved actually prohibiting abor-tion after a point when the preborn child takes on an important quality that justifies protection. In Roe v. Wade that reality was the viability or the ability to survive outside the womb with artificial aid. 
In this bill, that quality is the ability 
to feel pain, which has been universally recognized as compelling. Both medi-cine and the law, for example, impose a duty to relieve or to avoid pain. Just look at the Web site of the National In-stitutes of Health. It includes an arti-cle by Dr. Eric J. Cassell, Professor of Public Health at the Cornell University Medical College. He writes that the ob-ligation of physicians to relieve human suffering stretches back into antiquity, and he calls relief of suffering ‘‘one of the primary ends of medicine.’’ 
The clinical guidelines for acute pain 
published by the Federal Government stated that ‘‘the ethical obligation to manage pain and relieve the patient’s suffering is at the core of the health care professional’s commitment.’’ The American Academy of Pain Medicine has publicized an Ethics Charter which outlines how physicians must imple-ment ‘‘the ethical imperative to pro-vide relief from pain.’’ 
If medical professionals have a funda-
mental obligation to relieve human suffering, they should be prohibited from imposing human suffering before birth. In its most recent abortion deci-sion, the Supreme Court acknowledged that certain ethical and moral con-cerns can justify a specific abortion prohibition. The prevention of inten-tional pain and suffering, the very core and one of the primary ends of medi-cine, certainly qualifies and justifies the policy in this bill. 
Turning to the law, the Eighth 
Amendment to the U.S. Constitution prohibits cruel and unusual punish-ment. Federal courts across the coun-try are considering whether the drugs used in lethal injection cause extreme or unnecessary pain and, therefore, vio-late the Eighth Amendment. Some have said that it does. 
If the infliction of pain can make 
executing the guilty unconstitutional, I believe that the infliction of pain should make aborting the innocent il-legal. 
Or look at the civil side of the law. 
Juries award multimillion dollar ver-dicts against medical professionals and facilities for failing to relieve pain in their patients. One article in the West-ern Journal of Medicine reviewing such cases concluded that ‘‘there is a stand-ard of care for pain management, a sig-nificant departure from which con-
stitutes not merely medical mal-practice but gross negligence.’’ If fail-ing to prevent pain in the sick can make a physician liable, physicians should be prohibited from inflicting pain on healthy children before birth. 
Madam President, I began by saying 
that Roe v. Wade and the abortion re-gime it spawned has degraded both the law and our culture. I am echoing the thoughtful words of President Ronald Reagan, who in 1983 published an essay entitled ‘‘Abortion and the Conscience of a Nation.’’ He wrote that abortion- on-demand is not a right granted by the Constitution but was an act of raw judicial power. And he wrote, ‘‘We can-not diminish the value of one category of human life—the unborn—without di-minishing the value of all human life.’’ 
The American people have embraced 
this view. By more than 2 to 1 Ameri-cans support what this bill would do— prohibiting abortions after 20 weeks— and the percentage of women sup-porting a 20-week ban is even higher than the national average. 
I think opponents of this legislation 
owe the American people an expla-nation. Why does a physician’s ethical duty to prevent pain begin only when someone is born? Why shouldn’t that duty begin when someone can feel pain? Why do we care so much about preventing even the most despicable criminals from feeling pain but turn a blind eye to the pain inflicted on inno-cent preborn children? 
The Supreme Court has said from the 
beginning that the right to abortion must be balanced with other compel-ling interests. Why does medical knowledge matter when it facilitates abortions but not when it can prevent the pain caused by abortion? 
This bill recognizes the indisputable 
fact that each of us, including each in-dividual Member of the Senate, was a living human being before we were born. This bill reflects the indispen-sable principle that each individual member of the human family has in-herent dignity and worth. Prohibiting the killing of innocent human beings who can feel pain is only a small step in the right direction, but it is a step we must take. I don’t think there is a legitimate excuse for not taking that step. 
It is horrifying to me that some in 
the Senate don’t understand this or, if they do, continue to march down the path of indiscriminate abortion on de-mand. I think they are going to have to pay a price for that someday. It is a shame it has come to this type of a standard where you cannot protect preborn children who can feel the pain of abortion and feel the pain of some of the medical techniques some of these abortionists use. 
Madam President, I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Sep 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.022 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6835 September 21, 2015 
Mr. LEE. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. LEE. Madam President, it is cus-
tomary when rising in support of legis-lation to speak in gracious terms about the opportunity to vote for the legisla-tion in question. This is a good day for the Senate. The American people can be proud. This bill represents legis-lating at its very best. That is what we say. I have said it in the past myself many times. 
While I will soon join the majority— 
though maybe not the necessary super-majority—of our colleagues voting to take up the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, it is a tragedy that we should have to. That late-term abor-tions, abortions after children are via-ble and their nervous systems can feel pain, are legal in this country, is itself an affront to American democracy and a stain on America’s great history. 
It is not the fault of the American 
people, who, like the rest of the civ-ilized world, are appalled by the vio-lent extremism of aborting viable un-born infants. Rather, in 1973, it was originally the fault of a constitu-tionally unhinged and scientifically il-literate Supreme Court majority. 
Four decades on, the fault is now 
fully shared by a Democratic Party so corrupted by special interest politics that it has forsaken the one principle— standing up for the little guy—that once earned them all Americans’ grati-tude and respect. Our friends on the other side of the aisle still claim that surrendered high ground, but that claim gets harder to take seriously every time they not only abandon but deny the very humanity of the littlest guy or girl of all. Let’s not forget that the Democratic Party today is not just the party of taxpayer-subsidized, late- term abortion on demand; it is also the party of taxpayer subsidized, late-term, sex-selective abortion on demand. Seven or eight or nine months along, with eyes and a nose, a full head of hair, with a beating heart and a perfect smile and late-night hiccups, they think it should be legal for a doctor to take her life, just because she is a girl or just because she may have Down Syndrome or a cleft palate or any rea-son really. To the Democratic Party today, there is no reason so superficial or bigoted that it shouldn’t negate the right to life of an unborn child or a born child, for that matter. 
As was confirmed by the recently re-
leased video testimony of abortion in-dustry insiders, some abortion clinics— clinics funded by the Federal Govern-ment—kill infants that are born alive. There is a word for that, and it isn’t ‘‘health care.’’ Yet even though Phila-delphia abortionist and serial infant killer Kermit Gosnell was convicted of first-degree murder for doing just that, physician-assisted infanticide is some-thing like a stated principle of the Sen-ate Democratic caucus. Remember, it was on this very floor a few feet from 
here that in 1999, one of our colleagues on the other side of the aisle said that legal protection of a child should begin only ‘‘when you bring your baby home.’’ 
When we get down to it, what dif-
ference does a few centimeters make, anyway? Why should it be legal to kill a perfectly healthy 8-month-old, 6- pound little girl right here and illegal to kill her over here? After all, abor-tion is not the first peculiar institution that has arbitrarily dehumanized cer-tain Americans based on geography, es-pecially with such a high progressive principle at stake. 
As a Supreme Court Justice, of all 
people, put it in a 2009 interview with the New York Times, describing the so-cial, political, and moral attitudes that led to the Supreme Court’s decision in Roe v. Wade, ‘‘Frankly, I had thought that at the time Roe was decided, there was concern about population growth and particularly growth in populations that we don’t want to have too many of.’’ 
As chilling as that sounds—and one 
certainly must wonder which popu-lations liberals wanted to cull—to me, the most important part of that state-ment is not the hint toward genetic cleansing at the end; rather, it is the word ‘‘frankly’’ at the beginning. That was a window into the soul of abortion extremism, and we see it again and again and again. 
On the rare occasions when we hear 
abortion advocates speaking frankly, it terrifies us, and duly so. The conspira-tors exposed in the Center for Medical Progress videos are only the most re-cent example. Watch the videos, listen to what they say, and pay attention to how they say it. In their detached, de-humanizing euphemisms and stomach- turning humor, they speak not like fairy tale monsters, but the real thing—the rational, rationalizing men and women with prestigious degrees and cultivated tastes who hide their barbarism in bureaucracy. 
But we can rest assured, there will be 
no such talk here today. There will be no such talk here tomorrow. There will be no frank, candid public discussion of late-term abortions because that might eventually lead us to the truth—and only one side in this debate is inter-ested in that. 
When it comes to the reality of abor-
tion, pro-choice politicians choose not to debate; they choose to deceive. They will come down to this floor for the next 2 days not to defend what we all know is indefensible, rather they will try to cloak their extremism in a fog of denial and distraction. Politicians who defend the right to kill born-alive little girls will, with straight faces, rail about a war on women. Politicians who defend lax, unsanitary clinic standards will, with straight faces, lecture us all about their commitment to women’s health. Politicians who resurrect em-barrassing, medieval superstitions about when life begins will, with straight faces, thunder against the 
scourge of Republican science-deniers— as if none of us has touched a pregnant mom’s tummy and felt a little kick, as if those grisly Planned Parenthood vid-eos didn’t exist, as if none of us took high school biology. 
But they know the truth. In un-
guarded moments, as we have heard, they speak the truth and one day the truth will set us all free and the Demo-cratic Party will stop taking its prob-lems out on the kids. We are not there yet, but as the desperate tactics on the other side of the question reveal, we are getting closer and closer all the time. 
Truth doesn’t wait on partisanship. 
The truth is, a ban on late-term abor-tions after 5 months should be the law of our land. The truth is that unborn children can feel pain after only 2 months of development. In the words of University of Utah Professor Maureen Condic, with whom I met last week, ‘‘Based on universally accepted sci-entific findings, the human fetus de-tects and reacts to painful stimuli as early as eight weeks following sperm- egg fusion.’’ 
Now, for our unfrozen cavemen Sen-
ators on the other side of the aisle whose primitive minds are confused and frightened by modern science, sperm-egg fusion is when biology tells us that human life begins, on day one, a fact that is neither a mystery nor above the pay grade of a curious sev-enth grader. At 8 weeks, we know a fetus can feel pain. That is not just sci-entific consensus; it is ‘‘universally ac-cepted,’’ ‘‘entirely uncontested’’ in Dr. Condic’s words. 
Why then does the bill before us 
allow abortions even up to 20 weeks? Because that is where the science is di-rectly observable. That is how modest a compromise this bill is. As Dr. Condic puts it, ‘‘Fetuses at 20 weeks have an increase in stress hormones in response to painful experiences that can be eliminated by appropriate anesthesia.’’ In other words, at 20 weeks, an unborn child can feel pain. We can see them feel it. We can observe them as they feel it. 
That is also the age, according to the 
New England Journal of Medicine, at which an unborn child is viable outside the woman. Prenatal surgeons can now treat unborn children as young as 16 weeks, and with every innovation and advance in perinatology, modern medi-cine stretches its miraculous light fur-ther and further into what used to be ‘‘the valley of the shadow of death.’’ 
These are the facts: At 20 weeks, a 
little boy or a little girl has a chance to seize the great adventure of life, and they feel pain when that chance is vio-lently taken away from them, just like any child would, just like our own would, just like we would. We owe it to them to give them that chance. The science actually goes much further. This bill is only the least we can do right now. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Sep 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.023 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6836 September 21, 2015 
Our generation doesn’t yet know 
what chapter we are writing in Amer-ica’s long struggle to defend the equal dignity of all human life, but we all do know—even our friends on the side of the aisle, I think—that this story has a happy ending. Like generations past that overcame ignorance and bigotry to welcome marginalized Americans into our hearts and our society, we, too, shall overcome, because even though the unborn don’t have a voice, they do have an unflinching ally: the truth, not just the philosophical truth expressed in our Declaration of Inde-pendence but the biological, medical, and scientific truth that unborn chil-dren are children. There is no us and them, just us, and deep down we all know it. We know that children are a gift and deserve our protection. We know mothers are heroes and deserve our support. The bill before us would provide them a little bit more of both. 
Despite its majority support, this bill 
might not pass this time, and Amer-ica’s moms and children waiting for the laws of the United States to catch up to the justice and compassion re-flected in the laws of nature and of na-ture’s God will have to wait a little longer—but not too long. For if our na-tional story has taught us anything, it is that extremism in defense of vio-lence will not long stand. This bill will one day soon be the law of the land. So, too, will those passed last week in the House of Representatives and still oth-ers yet to come. 
The arc of American history may be 
long, but the American people have a way of bending it toward life, and after decades of violence and lies and corrup-tion, help is on the way. Maybe it is a good day for the Senate after all. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana. 
GOVERNMENT FUNDING  
Mr. DONNELLY. Madam President, 
here we are again. There is just over a week before funding runs out to keep our government open, and some in Con-gress are threatening to shut down the Federal Government again to advance their own political agendas. 
I have said before and I will say it 
again, most Hoosiers think Congress can play a role in improving the econ-omy, but at the very least we shouldn’t make things worse. That is exactly what Congress has done with the Ex-port-Import Bank. The Ex-Im Bank helps level the playing field for Amer-ican businesses, it helps protect and create jobs here at home, returns money to the Treasury, and over 100 companies in Indiana use the Ex-Im Bank. 
In July, some in Congress blocked 
the bipartisan effort to reauthorize the bank just so a few Members could play politics. As a result, the Export-Import Bank is unable to provide any new fi-nancing to American businesses. In fact, we just found out, we have al-ready seen some companies moving American jobs overseas because of this. Despite the lessons learned just 2 years 
ago, we are once again debating wheth-er Congress can meet its most basic needs and duties: keeping the govern-ment open. 
Frankly, it is embarrassing that 
some in Congress are willing to bring us to the brink of a government shut-down and would rather play games with our recovering economy than solve the problems and challenges in front of us. 
The truth is, there is reason to be op-
timistic in our country. Unemploy-ment is dropping, and nowhere in the world are there more opportunities to invest and to innovate in a brighter fu-ture and stronger economy than right here in the United States, but to real-ize our full potential, we have real work to do. We need to create more good-paying jobs with which we can support a family and strengthen our communities, we need to invest in a 21st century infrastructure, and we need to prepare and train a workforce ready to lead the world in both innova-tion and production. 
Over the last several weeks we have 
heard a lot of rhetoric about making America great again. America is al-ready great. It starts with the basics, and that is what we need to get back to—by showing up to work every day and doing our jobs, just like every Hoo-sier does. 
I am an optimist. I know we can do 
great things for our country. Let’s do the job we were sent here to do in Con-gress—work together and keep the gov-ernment open. It is the least we should do. I am ready to do it. I hope my col-leagues will join me. 
Madam President, I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-
dent, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-
dent, I note that my colleague from South Carolina has arrived on the floor, and I would happily yield to him if he wishes to go. Otherwise, I will be very brief. 
Mr. GRAHAM. The Senator may pro-
ceed. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-
dent, I want to second the very power-ful remarks made by my colleague from Indiana. In Connecticut, what I hear again and again is the need for this body to address jobs and the econ-omy. They are talking about putting people back to work and moving our economy forward. That is what I have sought to do from day one in the U.S. Senate and what I will continue to fight to do. That is what we should be doing through reauthorizing the Ex-port-Import Bank, creating more jobs in an infrastructure program worthy of the name, and repairing and reinvigo-rating our roads, bridges, ports, air-
ports, and our railroads which need to be made more safe and reliable. That is what we should be doing in programs for veterans—particularly in veterans health care—putting our veterans to work, programs that provide for skill training and job opportunities for them. 
There are so many momentous issues 
facing our Nation today, and that is the challenge we should be facing in the U.S. Senate. Yet tomorrow we will be voting on a bill that is divisive, dan-gerous, and doomed to failure. Even today, we are spending valuable time debating it. 
The bill before us is both unconscion-
able and unconstitutional. It is a waste of time because tomorrow it will be de-feated, in effect. We are engaged in a political charade here. The timing may not be accidental, but there is no good time for a blatantly and plainly uncon-stitutional proposal. Sadly, it is only the latest in a long line of unconstitu-tional proposals since the U.S. Su-
preme Court’s decision in Roe v. Wade which enshrined a woman’s constitu-tionally protected right to make her own reproductive decisions. There have been incessant and constant attempts by politicians to substitute their own judgment for hers, for her doctor’s, her family’s, and for her religious advisers. These decisions should be a woman’s to make. 
The onslaught on women’s health 
care, unfortunately, has been a fact of life in this Nation. The bill before us now will ban abortion care after 20 weeks of pregnancy except for so-called exceptions. The inadequacy of those ex-ceptions alone doom this bill to uncon-stitutional status. The legislation rep-resents an unconstitutional inter-ference as a matter of policy and law with the woman’s right to choose the care that is best for her and the failure to recognize the many complex factors that may be involved in that decision, medical complications that often lead to a woman’s decision to seek a late- term abortion. The bill would place in her way a host of unnecessary, unwise, and burdensome requirements. 
In effect, this bill would force 
women—including all who have been through the traumatic experience of rape or incest—to meet a combination of a myriad of reporting and record-keeping requirements. In many cases, the bill would require survivors of hei-nous crimes to make multiple appoint-ments with multiple providers before having the right to reproductive care and force her to relive her traumatic experiences before having the benefit of those services. It would place numer-ous nonmedical requirements on doc-tors, such as forcing them to determine whether survivors of rape or incest have reported their experience to ap-propriate law enforcement entities, es-sentially forcing doctors to choose be-tween criminal penalties and doing what is best for patients’ health, which is why the American College of Obste-tricians and Gynecologists oppose this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Sep 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.025 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6837 September 21, 2015 
measure. None of these requirements 
placed on women or their doctors are rooted in science, health, or safety. None of these requirements are con-sistent with the constitutionally pro-tected right to access reproductive care and abortion. 
Simply put, women’s health care de-
cisions should be left to women, their families, themselves, their doctors, and themselves. That is the essence of the constitutionally protected right of pri-vacy that underlies all of these rights. It is the right to be left alone from men and women in this Chamber who would intrude and invade that right. 
This measure also implicitly encour-
ages an ongoing and indeed inten-sifying assault on women’s health care among the States. Many other uncon-stitutional and unconscionable attacks on women’s health care are increasing at the State level and making it harder for women to access reproductive health care in general. There is an in-creasing drumbeat of regulations and restrictions that attack women’s health care and make it harder to ac-cess as State governments pass more regulations. Those regulations number now 230 in the past 5 years. They are nothing more than embarrassing at-tempts to deny women’s health care in the guise of invasive and unnecessary medical tests, arbitrary building regu-lations, and financially unsustainable procedures. That is why Senator B
ALD-
WINand I have proposed the Women’s 
Health Protection Act, joined by 31 of our colleagues, to make sure that those State laws are stopped before they cause the costs, fear, and uncertainty, as they are bound to do and as they have done in many States around the country. These State laws are beyond wrong. They are dangerous to women’s health care. 
My hope is that we will be proactive 
in protecting a woman’s right to care, not encourage the worst of State prac-tices that are embodied in these re-strictive State laws. 
Finally, I am dismayed that the 
House of Representatives actually has taken a step toward gutting a measure designed to help veterans. The Border Jobs for Veterans Act of 2015—a bipar-tisan measure that I cosponsored with my colleague Senator F
LAKE designed 
to do just what the title says: to utilize the skills and expertise of our veterans to help fill vacancies at our borders, to use veterans to stop illegal immigra-tion—that bill has been gutted and un-fortunately has been made a vehicle to deny health care to women. The provi-sions of this transformed legislation are a disservice to our veterans. I thought veterans legislation would be out of bounds for this fight. Sadly, ap-parently not. 
I urge my colleagues to find more 
productive ways to use our time, to ad-dress the needs, to expand job opportu-nities, to move our economy forward, and to drive economic growth. A bipar-tisan goal we should all share is to re-authorize the Export-Import Bank and to make sure we serve the best in-
stincts of this Nation and preserve our Constitution from these unwarranted attacks. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
OATS ). The Senator from South Caro-
lina. 
Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to be recognized for 15 minutes, and ask the Chair to let me know when my time is close to being up. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I am 
the author of legislation we will be vot-ing on tomorrow, so I am very proud of the product. I have worked with my colleagues to try to come up with a so-lution to what I think is a problem that needs to be addressed. 
To my good friend from Connecticut, 
I appreciate where he is coming from. He is a fine man. We just disagree on this. He has legislation called the Women’s Health Protection Act. He has legislation that will roll back State limitations on abortion that have been proved by the Supreme Court. He disagrees with what the States are doing in light of what the Supreme Court would allow a State to do. He has a piece of legislation that would at the Federal level change all these State laws. I respect his point of view. The point I am trying to make is that he wouldn’t have introduced the legislation if he didn’t think this was an important topic. 
To my colleagues on the other side, 
you have legislation that I would glad-ly allow you to bring to the floor. I want to have a debate on what we are trying to accomplish here. You have legislation that—I am sure the reason you did it is you would like to change State laws you don’t agree with. It is a little bit disingenuous to say we shouldn’t be talking about these topics because you drafted legislation on this topic. 
What am I trying to accomplish? We 
are one of seven nations in the entire world that allow abortion on demand at 20 weeks, the fifth month of preg-nancy. I would like to get us out of that club. Why? Because at 5 months I really don’t believe it makes us a bet-ter nation to have abortion on demand. There are exceptions in this bill—for the life of the mother and in the cases of rape, you have to tell the physician this pregnancy was as a result of a rape—but there is no reporting require-ment to the police or anything else. That is a balance we have tried to achieve. But what I would suggest is that most Americans agree with me, that most Americans believe that at the fifth month, we should not have abortion-on-demand, we should not be in a club of seven nations on the entire planet that allow abortion at this stage in the birthing process. 
The theory of the case is pretty sim-
ple. Medical science has evolved to the point now that if you operate on a baby 
at 20 weeks—which you can—to save that baby’s life or to help them medi-cally, medical science says you have to provide anesthesia because the baby can feel excruciating pain. We now know scientifically that at the fifth month of the birthing process, at 20 weeks, doctors will not operate on the baby without anesthesia. Here is the question: Should we be allowing abor-tion-on-demand at that point in time? Should we be crushing the skulls? Should we be destroying the baby’s life? Should we be one of seven coun-tries that allow this heinous practice in the fifth month? We do have excep-tions—for life of the mother, rape, and incest. 
I would suggest that we should be 
talking about this. I suggest that we should have done this a long time ago, that we should have gotten out of this club of seven nations that allow a baby to be aborted in the fifth month. 
Medical encyclopedias advise and en-
courage young parents at this stage in the pregnancy to interact with the un-born baby and sing and speak because the baby can associate sound. We are talking about 5 months, folks. We are talking about changing the law so that this country will not allow abortion- on-demand at this late stage in the birthing process. This is something I am proud to be talking about. I am honored to lead the fight, and all I ask is that we have a vote. 
The vote is whether or not to have a 
debate. Our Democratic friends are going to deny us a debate as to whether or not this is a good idea. We can’t even proceed to the bill. I am willing to allow them to bring up their legisla-tion as an amendment to mine, the Women’s Health Protection Act, where they want to repeal State laws that put limits on abortions consistent with the Supreme Court’s decisions. I am not afraid of my idea, and they shouldn’t be afraid of theirs. 
This is a debate worthy of a free peo-
ple. This is a debate worthy of democ-racy. If this is not worth talking about, what is? When do you become you? When do you have a soul, if you have one at all? What kind of Nation do we want to be in 2015? 
Roe v. Wade says that for the first 
trimester, abortions are off limits, but when medical viability is reached, the State has a compelling interest in pro-viding protection to the unborn child. That was 1973. Has anything changed since 1973? I would argue a lot has changed, and all for the better in terms of medical science. We can do things now for patients, including for the un-born, that one could not even imagine in 1973. But the theory of the case here is not medical viability at 20 weeks, but a new concept that I hope most Americans will embrace. Now that we know the baby has developed to the point where it would feel excruciating pain if it were operated on to save its life, is it appropriate for legislative bodies, such as ours, to come to that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Sep 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.027 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6838 September 21, 2015 
baby’s aid and take abortion-on-de-
mand off the table? 
Here is what I believe: I believe this 
is constitutionally sound. I believe this is a debate worthy of a free people. I believe the time has come for America to get out of the club of seven that al-lows this procedure at 20 weeks, the fifth month of the birthing process. I think this is something we should talk about, and I think it is worthy of our time. 
To my friends on the other side, you 
have views about this topic too. You have introduced legislation regarding abortion that would roll back State protections of the unborn. I am not afraid of that debate. I disagree with you. Bring your legislation forward. 
What are you afraid of? Why won’t 
you let me debate my bill? Why can’t we have a discussion as a free people about where we want to be in 2015 re-garding the unborn child? 
To my friends on the other side, the 
unborn child is not the enemy. The un-born child is something that every American should care about. And here is what I think: In the fifth month of pregnancy an overwhelming number of Americans—not all, but most—are going to side with me and my col-leagues who have helped me through this journey and say: No, America will not allow this. We are not going to be one of seven nations that allows abor-tion-on-demand in the fifth month. We are going to withdraw from that club, and if we do, it will be a good thing. We will be a better people if we stop this practice in the fifth month, knowing that we have exceptions for the life of the mother in cases of rape and incest. This doesn’t make us anything other than a caring, better people. 
This is why I ran for office, to have 
debates like this—not just this, but like this. I want to talk about creating jobs and growing the economy and stopping radical Islam. There is so much we need to do, but here is the question: Do we need to do this? I think so. I think with all my heart and soul that America needs to get out of this club, that America needs to come to the aid of a baby who is 20 weeks into the birthing process, and we should stand united and stop this prac-tice. I think this makes us a better people. 
I think at the end of the day, this de-
bate is worthy of our time and, quite frankly, is long overdue. I am very dis-appointed that we can’t even have the debate. But this I promise: As long as I am here—and many others on our side, and hopefully some on that side over there—this debate will continue until we get the right answer. 
We came together in a very large 
vote—bipartisan in nature—to ban abortion in the last trimester, except in rare circumstances. That was the right thing to do. Abortions in the sev-
enth, eighth, and ninth month do not make us a better people. There was bi-partisanship to stop that procedure. 
Here is what I believe: I believe over 
time the American people are going to side with me and my colleagues, we are 
going to rise to the occasion, and we are going to say something pretty basic. At 5 months we are not going to allow abortion-on-demand because that baby can feel excruciating pain, and we are not going to put that baby through the process of having their life termi-nated in such a gruesome fashion. 
These Planned Parenthood videos 
and this discussion about harvesting organs from children late in the birth-ing process have awakened America. I promise this is a debate worthy of this body, worthy of this country, and one that we are going to have over and over again until we can get a vote. I am not going to stop. You have stopped me if we don’t get those 60 votes to debate this. If we can’t get the bill to the floor for a debate, I think that is a bad thing. 
I think life is more than just about 
money. I think the quality of our coun-try is more than our financial situa-tion. I think the quality of our Nation, in many ways, is founded not on our fi-nances, but our character. And here is what I believe: America needs to get out of this club of seven that allows lit-tle babies to be aborted at a time when doctors cannot operate on them with-out providing anesthesia because it hurts so much. 
Think about what I just said. Medical 
science will not put the baby through an operation to save its life without anesthesia because it hurts so much. All I am asking is: Just don’t crush that baby’s skull unless there is a very good reason. Is that too much is ask? I don’t think so. Is that worthy of our time? I definitely believe so. Are we going to keep pushing? You better be-lieve it. 
I thank Senator P
ORTMAN , Senator 
ERNST , and others who have helped me 
so much. 
I thank Senator M CCONNELL for re-
serving some time to have this discus-sion. I hope it turns into a debate. The Senate needs to be on record, and this is an opportunity for all of us to be on record as to where we think the coun-try should be in 2015. 
Here is what I think: I think in 2015 
America needs to withdraw from the club of seven nations that will allow a baby at 20 weeks to be aborted for any reason at all. 
I look forward to this discussion. I 
hope we can have a debate. I am not afraid of my ideas, and they shouldn’t be afraid of their ideas. But I promise everybody who cares about this that we will not stop, and to me, it has al-ways been about the baby. I think most Americans will side with me and my colleagues and say over time with a very strong and loud voice: We do not want abortion-on-demand in the fifth month of pregnancy unless there is a darn good reason because that doesn’t make us a better people. Quite frankly, it is the opposite. 
I thank the Presiding Officer for his 
support. To my colleagues over here, and hopefully a few over there, I look forward to this journey until one day 
when we can withdraw from the club of seven and protect unborn children in a way that I think most Americans would appreciate. 
With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, a short 
while ago, I had the opportunity to meet with a very special family from Newton, IA. Micha Pickering, an ador-able, energetic 3-year-old boy was born prematurely at just 22 weeks gesta-tional age—the equivalent of 20 weeks after fertilization, the method of meas-urement in the bill before us. 
You will notice the picture I have in 
the Chamber. This is Micah, that ener-getic 3-year-old boy. He was just in the office when this picture was in there, and Micah ran up and said: That’s me. And then he said: That’s a baby. This is Micah when he was born. We are talk-ing about 5 months. Think about that for a minute. 
Micah’s parents and the doctors and 
nurses at the University of Iowa hos-pitals and clinics were dedicated to his survival. Micah’s mother Danielle has recounted the first time she got to meet her son in the hospital: 
The second I was able to meet Micah 
changed my life. He was so small. I didn’t know what to expect. Would he look ‘nor-mal’? Could I bond with this baby? Those questions were a mess in my head as I was wheeled into his room two hours after his birth. The sight I saw was a perfectly formed baby. 
We didn’t understand at the time that 
Micah was right on time, but now we do. . . . You can be knowledgeable on every part of prematurity, but that does not change the fact that Micah was just as much full of life at 22.4 weeks as he is now at almost 3 years old. 
I can attest that this little boy pic-
tured behind me is indeed full of life. 
The bill before us today—the Pain- 
Capable Unborn Child Protection Act— would protect up to 10,000 lives like Micah’s every year by preventing abor-tions after 20 weeks or about 5 months of development. As Micah proves, at 5 months babies can live. 
The United States is currently only 
one of seven countries in the world that allows abortions after 5 months. We are currently in the same company as China and North Korea. We must do better. 
Substantial medical evidence indi-
cates that at about 5 months of devel-opment, unborn babies can feel pain. This means that thousands of unborn lives end painfully through abortion in our country every year. Is this really whom we want to be as a nation? We are a country that stands for life. Just earlier I heard a colleague across the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Sep 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.031 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6839 September 21, 2015 
aisle talking about how God intends 
that we should protect bumblebees and pteropods but what about human life. In order to rise to meet that commit-ment, we must protect the most vul-nerable in our society, particularly those who cannot protect themselves. 
The majority of men and women 
across this great Nation agree. Accord-ing to a Quinnipiac poll from last No-vember, 60 percent of those surveyed support a law prohibiting abortion after 5 months of pregnancy. 
Although passionate advocates on 
both sides of this issue of life often dis-agree, there should be no disagreement when it comes to protecting the life of an unborn child who has reached the point of development at which he or she can feel pain. As we can see from the photo behind me, an unborn baby in its fifth month of development is not just a clump of cells; he or she can suck his or her thumb, yawn, stretch, and make faces. They have 10 fingers and 10 toes. They can also feel pain, and as Micah proves, they can survive outside of the womb. As a mother and a grandmother, I urge my colleagues not to deny these babies the right to life. 
Micah’s mom has said it best: ‘‘I bet 
that if Micah could have gone up to ev-eryone who opposes this bill and gave them a big hug, he could change all their minds.’’ 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, in 
just 10 days, funding for the govern-ment will expire. So we have just 10 days for the Senate and the House to come together and figure out a way to keep the government doors open. 
We have been here before. In 2013— 
and I remember all too well, as I am sure all of the Members of this Cham-ber do—the impact of that shutdown. It was devastating. It resulted in eco-nomic confidence falling to its lowest level in several years. It took $24 bil-lion out of our economy and cost us 120,000 private sector jobs. Yet at a time when we should be coming to the table to do our jobs to avoid a govern-ment shutdown, we are back again talking about limiting women’s access to their own health care choices. 
Once again, those who want to limit 
women’s access to health care and take away our constitutionally protected rights are threatening to wreak havoc across the entire U.S. economy, just as they did in 2013. 
This attack on women is not just at 
the Federal level; sadly, we are seeing it in New Hampshire as well. The New Hampshire Executive Council recently voted not to renew the State’s contract 
with Planned Parenthood. That vote was totally out of touch with the needs of women across New Hampshire, and it puts women’s health care at risk. 
For many in New Hampshire, 
Planned Parenthood is the most afford-able and accessible way to get the care they need, including basic preventive care such as family planning services— everything from breast and cervical cancer screenings and immunizations to HIV testing. 
Last year alone, Planned Parenthood 
served more than 12,000 women in New Hampshire. Planned Parenthood is a trusted health care provider and an im-portant part of our health care system. In some areas of New Hampshire, Planned Parenthood is the only local provider for women to receive afford-able care. 
On behalf of the millions of women 
who are served by Planned Parenthood, I will continue to oppose any effort to defund women’s health care services, but of course, as we know, this week the attack on women’s access to health care does not end with Planned Parent-hood. Tomorrow we will vote on a bill that would ban women’s access to abor-tion after 20 weeks. 
The choice to terminate a pregnancy 
is a difficult and very personal deci-sion. If that choice needs to be made later in a pregnancy, it is often the re-sult of very complex circumstances— the kinds of situations where a woman and her doctor need every medical op-tion available. This bill would place an added burden on women who are placed in that difficult situation. Women who are survivors of rape and incest would have that added burden. Furthermore, it threatens doctors, putting them at risk for harsh Federal criminal pen-alties. 
Each woman, in consultation with 
her own family, her own health care providers, and her own conscience, should be able to follow her own beliefs when it comes to her own health care. We must protect women’s reproductive constitutional rights, and I intend to continue to stand up for women as oth-ers here play politics with their health care. 
Our colleagues on the other side of 
the aisle know they don’t have the votes to pass this legislation. They know they don’t have the votes to pass other legislation related to women’s health that would limit women’s access to comprehensive health services. Yet on the eve of a government shutdown, they are using precious floor time to bring these bills to a vote. This is shortsighted and, furthermore, I think it is irresponsible. 
I remember the 2013 shutdown well. 
The impact on New Hampshire, on this country, was significant. Small- and medium-sized businesses across the State suffered from economic disrup-tions and financial losses. Their gov-ernment contracts were frozen or they were disrupted. Their SBA loans were stalled. That shutdown, much like the one that is being threatened now, came 
at the peak of the fall tourism season. National parks and forests were closed, including the White Mountain National Forest in New Hampshire. The impacts on our tourism and outdoor rec-reational facilities were severe, not just in New Hampshire but across the country. FHA and VA loans were put on hold. Thousands of Federal employ-ees who live in New Hampshire were furloughed. To shut down the Federal Government for any reason is reckless and irresponsible, but to do this, to contemplate doing this in order to deny women access to health care serv-ices, is reprehensible. 
I hope this week or any other week 
we will not tolerate it, and we will move to the business of funding the government and addressing the chal-lenges we face and leave the personal decisions about personal health care choices to the women and families and health care providers who should be making those decisions, not having the government make that decision. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I rise 
today to express my support for the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, a bill that protects children from late-term abortions. As cosponsor of this commonsense proposal, I am grateful the Senate will be taking a vote on this very important piece of legislation. Our constituents should know where we stand on this issue. 
The American people support reason-
able limits on dangerous late-term abortions. A November 2014 Quinnipiac poll shows that 60 percent of Ameri-
cans support legislation limiting abor-tions after 20 weeks. In line with this prevailing view, several States have al-ready passed laws limiting late-term abortions. 
I note that Nebraska was actually 
the first State to pass language like the Federal Pain-Capable Unborn Pro-tection Act. I was a member of our leg-islature at the time, and I was proud to be a cosponsor of that piece of legisla-tion that was offered by my good friend, former Nebraska speaker Mike Flood. Speaker Flood’s proposal passed in our unicameral legislature by a bi-partisan vote of 44 to 5. We had pro- choice Senators, both Republicans and Democrats, who supported it. We had pro-life Senators, both Republicans and Democrats, who supported it. Nearly 90 percent of our legislature came to-gether and supported that bill. Why? Well, because it is a piece of reasonable legislation. Americans recognize that and also recognize that opposition to this legislation is extremism. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Sep 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.033 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6840 September 21, 2015 
This isn’t a new idea. Eleven States 
already have protections against late- term abortions that are similar to this bill. Science clearly indicates that at 20 weeks, these babies can feel pain. 
On this issue, party affiliation should 
not matter. On this issue, whether we declare we are pro-life or whether we say we are pro-choice should not mat-ter. These designations didn’t matter in my State of Nebraska. We looked at the facts. We came together from both sides of the aisle and passed a sensible, compassionate bill. Let’s do the same here in the Senate. 
We all agree that we must support 
women who find themselves with un-planned pregnancies. Too many women experience despair, pain, and judgment during an unplanned pregnancy. Rath-er than offering condemnation, we should show kindness and under-standing. We should offer assistance for these women, these expectant mothers who need to know we will continue to support them in the challenging years ahead. 
I recognize that abortion remains an 
emotionally charged issue here in this country, but I also recognize that peo-ple of good will can disagree on the matter. I respect those opinions that are different from my own. But this legislation is not controversial, and it shouldn’t divide us. 
Before us today is a fundamental 
question of whether it is worth pro-tecting human life capable of feeling pain. For anyone who believes other-wise, I would challenge them to explain when a life is worth protecting if not when she feels pain? Nebraska affirmed this principle 5 years ago. The rest of the Nation should do so as well. 
Thank you, Mr. President, and I yield 
the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I will 
be honest. I am deep-down furious at the Republican scheme to defund Planned Parenthood. I didn’t think the Republican leadership could sink any lower than trying to defund women’s cancer screenings and access to birth control, but then I saw the bill we are voting on tomorrow and I felt sick to my stomach. Here we are just days away from another reckless Republican government shutdown, and the Repub-licans think the best use of our time is to vote on a bill to give the govern-ment the power to intrude on the most wrenching, intimate, private medical decisions a woman will ever make. 
The Republicans want a debate over 
a 20-week abortion ban, so let’s talk about exactly what that means. Nearly 99 percent of all abortions take place within the first 21 weeks of a woman’s pregnancy. Let me repeat. Nearly 99 
percent are in the first 21 weeks. So based on statistics alone, this bill won’t make a big difference in the number of abortions, but for the women who get hit, the consequences can be truly horrific. 
Let’s start with the research. Who 
are these women? Who are the 1 per-cent who get an abortion after 20 weeks? Who? Women or girls who are the victims of rape, incest, or domestic violence and were to frightened to ask for help any sooner. Who? Women whose doctors have told them that if they don’t end their pregnancy—preg-nancies they really wanted—their kid-neys could fail or their hearts could give out or they couldn’t get the chem-otherapy they may need to save their lives. Who? Women who go for an ultrasound and get the worst possible news—that their fetus has a giant hole in its stomach or organs outside its body or a deformed head and the fetus either has no chance of survival or has a severe abnormality that would mean a short life filled with pain. Research also shows that women who have had later abortions are more likely to be young—very young girls, really—and didn’t understand they were pregnant. They are more likely to live in places where getting an abortion means driv-ing 3 hours or more to find a doctor who will perform one. They are more likely to be poor and need to save up money to pay for the procedure. That is who gets hit by this. 
I have taken a close look at the Re-
publican bill to see just how hard they get hit. I want to put it right out here in the open for everyone to see. 
There are no—I repeat—no excep-
tions in this bill for the condition of the fetus. Even if a woman knows at 20 weeks that her child will die imme-diately after birth, she would still be required to carry that pregnancy for months. 
An 18-year-old survivor of rape or in-
cest must wait until she can provide written proof that she received coun-seling from a doctor, and then that counseling is loaded with hurdles: The counseling must come only from a doc-tor who refuses to perform abortions and who doesn’t work in an office with another doctor who does. Think about it. Prolong the pain and anxiety, and for anyone who lives in a rural area or anyone who is making it barely pay-check to paycheck and cannot miss multiple days of work, make it twice as hard to get any help. 
If the victim of rape or incest is a 
minor, it gets even worse. A girl—a girl who is 10, 12, 14 years old—this girl must face the same challenges and must provide written proof that she re-ported the crime to the police, even if turning in a family member or an-nouncing to the world that she has been raped could destroy her life in a million different ways. I cannot imag-ine that the Senate would pass a law to require a frightened 12-year-old girl to submit written proof that she had called the police to report a rape by her 
mother’s boyfriend before she could terminate that pregnancy. That kind of cruelty is barbaric, and it has no place in our laws. 
But this is not just about the tiny 
number of people who must seek abor-tions after 20 weeks; this horrifying bill that we will vote on tomorrow is just one more piece of a deliberate, me-thodical, orchestrated rightwing plan to attack women’s health and repro-ductive rights. A funding cut here, a new restriction here, month after month, year after year, and Rowe v. Wade will be chipped away to nothing. That is what this is all about. That is what this has always been all about. 
We have lived in an America where 
women died in back-alley abortions. We have lived in an America where high school girls tried poisons and coat hangers to try to end pregnancies. We have lived in an America where young woman who faced unwanted preg-nancies took their own lives. We have lived in that America, and we are not going back—not now, not ever. 
We stand here on the brink of an-
other reckless Republican government shutdown. We all remember what hap-pened the last time the Republicans shut the government down: $24 billion was flushed down the drain for a polit-ical stunt—$24 billion that could have gone to help mothers and their babies with prenatal care, better infant nutri-tion, Head Start classes, medical re-search on birth abnormalities. Instead, the money was flushed away by Repub-licans who want to play political games more than they want to help children and families all across this country. 
I urge my colleagues to vote no on 
this terrible bill. Stand up to this rightwing assault on women and fami-lies. Instead of trying to do the job of physicians and telling women what is best for their own medical care, Repub-licans in the Senate should start doing the job of legislators and get to work on this Nation’s budget. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
L
ANKFORD ). The Senator from Mis-
souri. 
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, the 
image I am putting up right now beside me is the cover of Time magazine from June 2014, the first issue in June, June 2, 2014. According to the corresponding feature story, the baby on this cover, Emalyn Aubrey Randolph, was born prematurely at 29 weeks into the preg-nancy. She weighed 2 pounds and 10 ounces. The legislation we are actually talking about today, unlike the legisla-tion I just heard described—which we may very well talk about later—the legislation which we are talking about today and which we will vote on tomor-row takes us back only a few weeks be-fore this cover-story baby was born at 29 weeks. 
We know of lots of cases after 20 
weeks—where we have seen babies sur-vive an early birth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Sep 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.035 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6841 September 21, 2015 
In 2010, Freida Mangold was born at 
21 weeks and 5 days into her mother’s pregnancy. Both had complications. The baby was born, and after intensive care she was able to go home. In Flor-ida in 2006, Amillia Taylor was deliv-ered by an emergency C-section when she was 21 weeks and 6 days into that pregnancy. She received medical care and survived. 
In Iowa in 2012, Micah Pickering was 
born prematurely at 22 weeks and 1 day. Micah and her family are actually here visiting with the Senate tomor-row. Micah just turned 3 this past July. She will be meeting with Members of the Senate to talk about and to be the example that her parents will be talk-ing about of what happened to a baby who was born 22 weeks and 1 day into the pregnancy. 
In my State of Missouri, we know of 
a remarkable story where the Cowan family in Kansas City welcomed their twin sons into the world 39 days apart. Little Carl was so small that his moth-er Elene could put her wedding ring over his wrist when he was born at 24- weeks and 1 day. He weighed barely a pound—twins are often small anyway; he was a twin—at that point in the pregnancy. Thirty-nine days later, his twin brother David came into the world. Carl is busy catching up with David in his size as things go on. 
In St. Louis, Andrew Konopka was 
born at 23 weeks. Andrew weighed a pound and a half. He was born at Mercy Hospital there. Today he is 8 years old and is doing well. His family lives in Webster Groves. 
Also in St. Louis last year, Zeke Mil-
ler was born at 27 weeks on December 10, 2014. He weighed 2 pounds and 15 ounces. Zeke was in the hospital 111 days. He is now 9 months old. Just last week his parents were excited to hear that Zeke no longer needs to be on oxy-gen. He has passed another milestone. 
Across the State line in Overland 
Park, KS, at the Overland Park Med-ical Center, babies born as early as 23 weeks of pregnancy are receiving care in the neonatal intensive care unit. Their neonatal unit has been featured for its emphasis on what it calls ‘‘kan-garoo care’’ because in ‘‘kangaroo care’’ the baby’s parents come and have that skin-to-skin, parent-to-baby contact so that the baby knows for sure there is somebody out there ready to take care of it. 
I recognize there is no national con-
sensus on the issue we are talking about or even the issue of the early months of pregnancy. However, the overwhelming majority of Americans know that at this stage—20 weeks— they are not talking about a clump of cells; they are talking about a baby. The baby has 10 fingers and 10 toes. It has unique fingerprints that nobody has ever had and nobody will ever have again. It has a beating heart. Thanks to advanced ultrasound technology, this is about the time when people find out whether they are the parents of a little boy or the parents of a little girl. The fact that the baby at 20 weeks is 
a baby is obvious to the larger culture. In fact, this cover story in Time maga-zine—no advocate, as a rule, for out-landishly conservative social struc-ture—Time magazine tells stories of young babies fighting for their lives and doctors who are fighting to save them. 
Let me quote from the article. It 
says, ‘‘. . . fragile babies being looked after by a round the clock SWAT team of nutritionists, pharmacologists, gas-troenterologists, ophthalmologists, pulmonary specialists, surgeons. . . . ’’ 
It concludes: In some ways, the work 
of the NICU will always seem like an exercise in disproportion—an army of people and a mountain of infrastruc-ture caring for a pound of life. But it is a disproportion that speaks very well of us. 
That is not me saying that is a dis-
proportion that speaks very well of us; it is Time magazine. The value that our society places on little 1- and 2- pound premature babies in the neo-natal intensive care unit is remark-able. It speaks well for us, according to Time. 
So many of us have experienced now 
or have friends—in fact, my guess would be that as Members of the Sen-ate go do hospital visits, nothing is more riveting than that moment you sometimes get to spend in the neonatal unit with a baby who is so little that you don’t know how it survived, but it has, and you know with the technology we have today, that baby is very likely to go home. 
When everyone in your family is 
healthy, you have a lot of problems. When someone in your family is sick, you have one problem, and the one thing that is the focus in the case of these families and these babies is what they are about to do right then, which is everything they can do to save a life that has all it takes to survive, but it just needs some help. 
So while the culture is embracing the 
value of these lives—these little lives who can survive—on the one hand, our laws really don’t reflect that science has made that almost an indisputable argument. We know that babies born 20 weeks after conception can survive. Down the road in Maryland, a doctor says he will end a human life at 28 weeks—that is about 7 months—into a pregnancy. Several States and the Dis-trict of Columbia allow life to be ended with an abortion in the ninth month of pregnancy. Can anyone on either side of this debate defend that? If they can’t, really you should favor this fair-ly easy-to-achieve view of this issue. 
There are only seven countries in the 
world, including ours, that allow this to happen, these lives to be ended after 20 weeks. These babies can feel pain, as I just talked about. They have or are very quickly going to have the ability 
to survive with some help. 
By the way, the seven countries in-
clude China, North Korea, Vietnam, and the United States of America—not a list I think we want to be on. Shortly my colleagues and I will be 
able to cast a vote on the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. 
I would like to close by saying a baby 
is a baby, and science tells us they can feel pain. This bill is a commonsense idea. It is broadly supported. I hope the Senate will take a step to protect these lives. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin. 
Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, I rise 
today to speak in opposition to my Re-publican colleagues who are once again bringing forward a political attack on the freedom of American women to make their own personal health care decisions. Instead of focusing on im-proving access to health care for women, Republicans are pursuing a di-visive policy that jeopardizes women’s health and puts politicians and the government between a woman and her doctor. Instead of spending our time on 
bipartisan budget negotiations, Repub-licans are wasting what is precious time on another failed attempt to strip funding for critical women’s health programs, denying women the health services they need. 
They have scheduled yet another 
show vote. They know it is destined to fail, and many believe it is just to pan-der to extreme allies by taking away women’s constitutionally protected health care choices. I have to say I ob-ject to this dangerous political game. Women’s access to quality health care isn’t a political game. It is not one for me and many of my other colleagues who join me on the floor today, nor is it a game for women and their families across the country and in my home State of Wisconsin. 
Too many States have enacted what 
are record numbers of laws—over 230 of them in the past 4 years—that restrict a women’s access to reproductive health services and the freedom and right to make her own health care de-cisions. 
The bill before us today would im-
pose a 20-week abortion ban nationwide and would have real and grave con-sequences for American families. 
Last year I heard from a woman from 
Middleton, WI, who at 20 weeks was devastated to find out that her baby had a severe fetal anomaly and that there would be no chance of surviving delivery. She had to undergo an emer-gency termination, and a clinic in Mil-waukee was the only place in Wis-consin that would do the procedure, but because at the time our Republican Governor was set to sign into law a new measure imposing unreasonable requirements on providers, this par-ticular clinic was preparing to close its doors and would not schedule her pro-cedure. She and her husband were forced to find childcare for their two 
sons and travel to another State to get the medical care she needed. 
Since hearing this mother’s story, 
Wisconsin’s Republican lawmakers have attempted to enact even more re-strictions, including a bill recently 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Sep 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.037 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6842 September 21, 2015 
passed in the Wisconsin State Senate 
to ban abortions after 20 weeks with no exceptions for rape or incest. In addi-tion, this bill’s medical emergency ex-ception is similar to what is included in Senator G
RAHAM ’s Federal proposal. 
It says nothing about the health of the mother. 
The threat in Wisconsin and States 
across the country is clear. When Con-gressmen and politicians play doctor, American families suffer. This is why my good friend and colleague from Connecticut Senator B
LUMENTHAL and 
I have introduced a serious proposal, the Women’s Health Protection Act. This proposal would put a stop to these sorts of legislative attacks on women’s rights and freedoms. Our bill creates Federal protections against restric-tions such as the proposal before us that unduly limit access to reproduc-tive health care and do nothing to fur-ther women’s health or safety and cer-tainly intrude upon personal decision-making. It is time that we place our trust back in women to carefully con-sider their options and make their own health decisions, and I look forward to working with my colleagues to advance this important legislation. 
We know that this week’s Republican 
spectacle is not meant to produce a se-rious debate about protecting women’s reproductive health; it is about the narrow Republican agenda to take our country backward and roll back the important health benefits for American families. We have seen this with the numerous failed attempts by Repub-licans to repeal the protections in the Affordable Care Act, protections that have empowered millions of women with more choices and stronger health care coverage. Today women can fi-nally rest assured that they will not be charged more for coverage just because they are women, and someone’s mother can get a lifesaving mammogram with-out the fear of high medical bills. 
Over 75 times, congressional Repub-
licans have tried to roll back this measure, which provides health secu-rity and economic security for millions of American families. It seems that Re-publicans would gladly go back to the days where being a woman was a pre-existing condition and when insurance companies could drop your coverage just because you got sick or older or had a baby. 
We are not going to go back to those 
days, just as we are not going to create a future where politicians in Wash-ington take away from freedom and the right of women to make their own per-sonal health decisions. I am commit-ting to putting a stop to the relentless and ideological attacks on American families and will continue to fight to ensure that both men and women have the freedom to access the health care they need. 
The American people do not want 
Congress playing doctor, and they are sick and tired of Republicans manufac-turing crisis after crisis. Just 2 years after they shut down the government because of a partisan battle with the 
President over the Affordable Care Act, they are again threatening to shut down the government over another par-tisan attack on funding for women’s health care. These political games could come at a serious cost to Amer-ica’s economic strength and the well- being of working families. 
It is time for Republicans to stop 
playing dangerous games with women’s health. It is time for Republicans to stop manufacturing crisis after crisis. It is time for Republicans to join Democrats and work in a bipartisan manner to keep the government open and negotiate a budget agreement that ends sequestration and invests in eco-nomic growth, invests in our middle class, invests in our national security, and invests in women’s health. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana. 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, this week 
Pope Francis will be making a historic visit to Washington, DC, to address those of us in Congress and millions of Americans across the United States. 
While I am not a Catholic, one of the 
tenets of the Catholic Church that I have long respected is adherence and devotion to the sanctity of life. We have an issue before us regarding the very essence of what life is and how life is treated in this country. So my col-leagues who don’t agree with the legis-lation before us and who don’t even want us to have a debate on this are trying to, through a procedural mo-tion, stop us from moving forward to discuss an issue that ought to be de-bated before the American people and certainly before this body. 
It is no secret now that the science 
has proven that pain can be experi-enced by an unborn child in the womb. And the taking of that life—many of us believe that life begins at conception, but even if you don’t adhere to that, it is now a fact, a pure fact, that it is a viable life at the age of 20 weeks and that life can experience pain. Surgery can be provided for that life. Anes-thesia is given to that unborn child in the womb to prevent it from experi-encing the pain that may result from surgery that is trying to correct per-haps an abnormality or some condition in the womb and give that child an op-portunity to be a healthier baby and to live out the privilege of living. 
I have spoken a number of times on 
this floor about the sanctity of life and how we as elected representatives and the American people—people of con-science and conviction—need to pro-tect the sanctity of life. In doing so, it means that we have to discuss the issue of abortion. This is not a pleasant or comfortable issue to debate on the Senate floor, but we are not elected to come here to just discuss and debate pleasant issues; we are here to face dif-ficult and often emotional issues, to face it honestly, to face it openly, and to cast our votes either for or against. 
There are few, if any, issues that I 
believe are potentially more divisive and emotional than the issue of abor-
tion because it goes to the heart of the meaning of life itself. It is about pro-tecting those who cannot protect themselves. The story of America is a history of inclusion and an impulse to protect and uplift those who have been on the margins of society, and no human being is more on the margin of society than an unborn child who is seen not as a human life but is seen as something that can be dissected, can be torn apart, can be harvested, and the organs can be sold for research. 
That is not the issue we will be de-
bating in this vote coming up, but it has been debated and it has been raised—I have been on the floor listen-ing to a number of these speeches that raised it a number of times—that somehow Republicans are denying women health care coverage because we are not wanting to fund an organi-zation, Planned Parenthood, that uses some of the most brutal and inhumane efforts to harvest from unborn children organs to sale for the use of research. We had that debate and we had that vote. Unfortunately, we came up short on that vote. That, in and of itself, is an issue that we must continue to de-bate and continue to deal with, but the issue before us now is the ability to de-bate, discuss, vote, and hopefully pass legislation that is based on science— not on theory, not on ideology but based on science. 
We now know that a child growing in 
the womb of its mother at the age of 20 weeks can experience pain, and we also now know that under the procedures that are used by Planned Parenthood, those children are harvested—they are dissected, harvested, some of their or-gans are carefully preserved and sold. It is almost beyond comprehension 
that a nation that has reached out to be inclusive to the most vulnerable, that at this point in life for a child views it as nothing more than some-thing to be harvested. The descriptions of how Planned Parenthood describes the cold, calculating, numerical profit that might occur from the sale of cer-tain organs and the techniques used to go into the womb to make sure that certain organs are preserved while oth-ers are crushed, just goes beyond com-prehension. 
Yet to stand on the floor and simply 
say Republicans are taking away wom-en’s health—no, we aren’t. We are sim-ply saying we don’t want the taxpayers to fund an organization that practices these methods, that takes the lives of children, and that ignores the pain that is incurred in doing so. We want 
to transfer that money to women’s health organizations—about five times as many in my State as there are Planned Parenthood organizations— that will provide for every aspect of women’s health care except for abor-tion. The question before us on that vote was: Should the taxpayer fund something of this nature? And, unfor-tunately, we came up short because our colleagues simply would not support us in the effort to do so. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Sep 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.038 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6843 September 21, 2015 
This goes to the soul of the Nation. 
This goes to who we are. This goes to a country which has been compassionate and reached out to those on the margin 
but now turns its back on those who are the most vulnerable. It is not just a matter of politics. It is not, as has been said on the floor, that Repub-licans want to roll back important health care coverage for mothers, deny women’s health and access to health care. It is not a manufactured crisis, a dangerous game we are playing. How can you describe as a dangerous game the provision before us on the Senate floor that addresses the issue of the ex-cruciating pain a child feels, which we now know is scientifically documented and proved in the taking of that life, for the harvesting of that life’s organs? How can you describe that as a dan-gerous game? 
If we treat this with such total irrel-
evance, in terms of what is happening here, it says something about our country. I deeply regret our colleagues on the other side of the aisle are even denying us the opportunity to go for-ward. We are on a procedural motion here where they can kill the debate. They can prevent us from doing what the American people have sent us here to do—to deal with tough issues, state our positions, and let our yes be yes and our no be no. Once again, we are in a situation now where even that proce-dure to get to that point is being de-nied. I regret we are here. 
I have noticed the discussions on the 
floor have been quite somber. The statements made are made softly. That doesn’t mask the kind of emotion and the kind of passion that many of us feel. What it shows is grief. What it shows is the grief over a practice con-ducted in this advanced Nation of ours. It is a grief over the fact we are taking hundreds of thousands and have taken millions of lives of unborn children. It shows a special emotion and a special grief over the fact that we know those children are experiencing the pain of dismemberment—of arms and legs being ripped apart, of organs being har-vested for sale. 
So without the shouting, without the 
accusations, it is a sincere belief and grief over what is happening in this country. As has been stated by my col-leagues, only seven other countries in the world allow this kind of practice. It is shameful that one of those countries is the United States of America. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, first of 
all, I am going to make a reference to a 20-week sonogram. I will introduce, however, Donelle Harden. I am a little bit biased, but I think she is the best communication director in the U.S. Senate, and you can see she is 31 weeks pregnant. At the conclusion of my re-marks, I want to demonstrate clearly what a 20-week sonogram looks like and what a baby does look like. 
By 20 weeks, a woman has reached 
the halfway point of the pregnancy and has the opportunity to learn the gender 
of her child. By 20 weeks, there is con-clusive scientific evidence that a baby can feel pain, they can hear sounds, and they can react to sounds. They twist, they kick, they yawn, and they stretch, and some even open their eyes and suck their thumbs. But most im-portantly, they feel pain. 
The United States is just one of 
seven countries with populations of more than a million that allows abor-tions past 20 weeks. Other countries who join ours in this practice are coun-tries like China and North Korea and Vietnam. 
The abortion procedure after 20 
weeks is known as late-term abortions. We have been talking about this on the floor, and I think people are pretty fa-miliar with it—much more so now than they were just a short while ago. It is very unpleasant and very shocking. During the procedure the baby is ro-tated and the forceps are used to pull the baby’s legs, arms, and shoulders through the birth canal. Once this is done—because the head is too large—an incision is made at the base of the baby’s skull to allow a suction catheter to be inserted to remove the cerebral material—that is the brains—col-lapsing the skull and allowing the baby to be completely removed. 
Now, I lay this out for you because 
people need to know what inhumane practices are taking place in America. When you start to devalue the life of a child just because it hasn’t been born yet, you start devaluing life in general, situations like what happened in Phila-delphia are allowed to occur. 
As I am sure the occupier of the 
Chair remembers very well, in May of 2013, Kermit Gosnell was convicted of three first-degree murder charges for killing babies who had been born alive at his abortion clinic in Philadelphia. Testimony from the trial indicated he and his staff snipped the necks of more than 100 infants who survived abortion attempts. Viable babies were delivered and then murdered. Furthermore, Gosnell endangered the health and lives of the women who came to his clinic by reusing disposable medical equipment, performing procedures in unsanitary conditions with unsanitary instruments, overdosing them, and causing serious injuries to their bodies. On at least two occasions women died after visiting his clinic. Talk about a war on women, this guy is on the front lines. 
The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania 
turned its back on these women when it never once inspected the clinic in 17 years, despite receiving complaints against Gosnell and being notified that a woman died in the clinic. Pennsyl-vania Department of State wouldn’t in-vestigate the complaints they received. These kinds of things can happen when human life is considered disposable. 
This year, we have seen 10 videos re-
leased by the Center for Medical Progress, showing Planned Parenthood executives and employees across the country detailing the sale of baby parts 
and how they manipulated and delayed the abortions. What we are saying is they delayed an abortion from taking place so the baby could mature and the parts they were using as their speci-mens would be of greater value to the customers they were selling the baby parts to. The heartless way they talked about these things and the complete disregard for the life of the baby that is 
being dissected are shocking and sick-ening. 
It is no wonder over the past decade 
Americans have been waking up to the scientific facts and the moral implica-tions regarding abortions. There was a Gallup poll in 2010 that called pro-life the ‘‘new normal’’ for Americans. But 3 years later, in 2013, the Gallup poll showed that 64 percent of Americans— that is 2 to 1, a majority of Americans by 2 to 1, which is a very strong major-ity—supported banning abortions after the first trimester. That is just one of many polls showing this trend to favor life. In the first trimester you are only talking about 12 weeks at that point. 
What is really interesting about 
these polls is that in each of them women always support these bans at a higher rate than men. As I have learned from my wife and two daugh-ters, only women can really understand what is at stake. 
I had the opportunity to experience 
firsthand and be there at the time of the birth of my four children and my 12 grandchildren. Life is truly a miracle. It is not just the life of a child but also that of the mother. Thanks to the progress of science it is more evident than ever that abortion ends life. Med-ical data is now also showing signifi-cant risks to women’s health and well- being. 
Now, what I am going to show—what 
Donelle is going to show—is the baby she is carrying right now. That sonogram was taken at 20 weeks. At 20 weeks you can see all the details of the baby, and I would like to have Donelle point out the ear of the baby the sonogram shows. It is very, very clear—the kidney, the heart, the spine, the teeth, the lips, and the brain. Now, that was 20 weeks. 
What we have here in the United 
States is an opportunity for those in favor of abortion to go far longer than just the 20 weeks. They can go all the way up to, in America, the time of birth. All they have to do is show the health of the mother is at risk and this can be done. The Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act would ban these abortions and protect these babies. 
We have 46 Senators signed to the 
bill. The House has passed its own version, and I think we have the oppor-tunity to take a major step forward. That is what this is all about. I have hope. I have run into so many people who have not had the opportunity to get some of the graphic details of what Planned Parenthood has been doing in murdering these babies and selling their parts, but I hope this is an oppor-tunity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Sep 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.040 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6844 September 21, 2015 
We are going to have a vote so that 
we will have an opportunity to do this, and I am very hopeful some of these Senators who have not acknowledged this is going on, that they will do so. This is what it is all about. This is what the baby is, and this is what we have the opportunity to reform in our system. 
With that, I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, this week 
the Senate is considering the Pain-Ca-pable Unborn Child Protection Act. This legislation would protect unborn children who have reached the age of 20 weeks—that is 5 months of pregnancy— from being killed by abortion. 
Five months into a pregnancy, babies 
are sucking their thumbs, they are yawning and stretching, they are ac-tively moving around, they respond to noises, and they feel and respond to pain. 
The scientific evidence on this point 
is incontrovertible. Five months into a pregnancy, unborn babies feel pain. Their stress hormones spike, and they shrink from painful stimuli. In fact, some scientific evidence suggests that babies of this age feel pain more keenly than adults since some of the neural mechanisms that inhibit pain don’t fully develop until after birth. 
Babies are regularly born weeks or 
months early in this country and with medical care survive and often thrive. 
A Time magazine article from May 
2014 that highlighted the tremendous advances that have been made in the treatment of premature babies noted that 76 percent of babies born at 25 weeks of pregnancy—or about 6 months—will go on to leave the hos-pital. 
A May 2015 article of the New York 
Times entitled ‘‘Premature Babies May Survive at 22 Weeks if Treated, Study Finds’’ highlighted a recent study pub-lished in the New England Journal of Medicine reporting on successes in treating extremely early premature births. One baby mentioned in the New York Times article, Alexis Hutchinson, was delivered at 22 weeks and 1 day. She weighed 1.1 pounds at delivery. Today, the Times reports, ‘‘aside from being more vulnerable to respiratory viruses, Alexis is a healthy 5-year-old girl.’’ Let me repeat that. Alexis Hutchinson, who was born at 22 weeks and 1 day—or approximately halfway through her mother’s pregnancy—is today a healthy 5-year-old girl. Yet, under the laws of this country, a baby of the very same age can be killed by abortion. 
The Centers for Disease Control and 
Prevention estimates that more than 15,000 late-term abortions are per-
formed each year in the United States. Many of those babies could have sur-vived if instead of being aborted they had been born in a hospital and given medical care. 
Late-term abortion procedures are so 
brutal, it is difficult to even talk about them. Americans would rightly shrink in horror from performing one of these procedures on an animal. How, then, are we allowing these procedures to be performed on our children? 
Right now only seven countries in 
the world allow elective abortion after 5 months of pregnancy. It is hard to be-lieve the United States is one of them. Among those countries are China and North Korea. Unfortunately, our coun-try is on that list. I suggest that might not be the company we want to keep when it comes to protecting human life. 
A society is measured by how it 
treats its weakest and most vulnerable members, and we have been failing some of ours. But we have a chance with this legislation to start fixing that today. 
Ultimately, it is very simple: That 
unborn baby—the one with the fingers and toes, who sucks her thumb and re-sponds to her mother’s voice—that un-born baby is one of us, and as such she deserves to be protected. I hope the United States Senate will vote in sup-port of protecting our unborn and vote in favor of this legislation when we have that opportunity tomorrow. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, the 
Pope’s visit this week to our Nation’s Capital reminds us all of how very im-portant it is to show compassion and concern for the most innocent and vul-nerable among us. Unborn children who fall into this category are entitled to the same dignity all human beings share. This is true even when their presence might be uncomfortable or create difficulties, the Pope reminds us. 
We are now considering moving to a 
bill known as the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. This legislation would make no change to our abortion policy in the first 20 weeks of preg-nancy. At 20 weeks of fetal age, when the unborn child can detect and re-spond to painful stimuli, the bill would impose some restrictions on elective late-term abortions. Such a change to existing law would put us in line with the vast majority of other countries around the globe. 
I want to emphasize that the United 
States is in the small minority of coun-tries around the world that allow abor-tion on demand after the fifth month of pregnancy. As some of my colleagues have mentioned earlier, we are just one of seven countries that take this un-usual position. China, North Korea, and Vietnam are among the other seven. Are these countries really the ones we in the United States want to align ourselves with on this particular 
human rights issue? 
Many of us in this Chamber actively 
supported the Americans with Dis-ability Act. Could anyone here support an abortion after 5 months because the unborn baby had a cleft lip? What about a late-term abortion of a baby with hemophilia? Under current law, it is quite possible to destroy unborn ba-bies with these or other more serious abnormalities in utero. I believe these babies’ lives have the same value as those of other unborn babies without disabilities. 
There are some who say they cannot 
support this legislation. I say to them, if you do not support restrictions on abortion after the fifth month of preg-nancy, when some babies born pre-maturely at this stage now are sur-viving long-term, then what exactly is your limit on abortion? 
Scientists say the unborn child can 
feel pain perhaps even as early as 8 weeks and most certainly by 20 weeks’ fetal age. The American people over-whelmingly support restrictions on late-term abortions. 
Doctors tell us that about a quarter 
of the babies born prematurely, around 5 months, will survive long term if given proper medical assistance. 
Dr. Colleen Malloy, an assistant pro-
fessor of pediatrics at Northwestern’s School of Medicine, testified before a congressional panel just 3 years ago that infants born at 20 weeks’ fetal age now are ‘‘kicking, moving, reacting, and developing right before our eyes in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit.’’ She explained that treatment of neonatal pain is standard in such cases and added that there is no reason to believe an infant born prematurely would feel pain any differently from the same in-fant if still in the womb. 
We also have the statements from Dr. 
Anthony Levatino, a practicing gyne-cologist with decades of experience. Dr. Levatino estimates that he performed over 1,000 abortions in private practice, until his adopted daughter died in a car crash. The death of his child was a life- changing event that ultimately led him to stop performing abortions. Dr. Levatino testified before the House Ju-diciary Committee—again, 3 years ago—that performing an abortion on a 24-week-old child is painful for that un-born baby. In the words of Dr. Levatino, ‘‘If you refuse to believe that this procedure inflicts severe pain on an unborn child, please think again.’’ 
Scientific studies confirm what Dr. 
Levatino has noted—that the unborn can experience pain after the fifth month. In fact, at least one medical school professor says it is indisputable that unborn babies can react to painful stimuli as early as 8 weeks after con-ception. 
Dr. Maureen Condic, a neurobiology 
professor who earned her Ph.D. at Berkeley, explains that the unborn child at this stage of development re-acts to painful stimuli just as other human beings do at later stages. In 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Sep 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.041 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6845 September 21, 2015 
both the case of the unborn child and 
human beings at later stages of devel-opment, the response is the same: to actively withdraw from the painful stimulus. 
As stated in a paper written by Dr. 
Condic: 
The scientific evidence that the human 
fetus can detect and react to painful stimuli as early as 8 weeks . . . is indisputable. The neural circuitry responsible for the most primitive response to pain, the spinal reflex, is in place by eight weeks. . . . Connections between the spinal cord and the thalamus, the region of the brain that is largely re-sponsible for pain perception in both the fetus and the adult, begin to form around 12 weeks, and are completed by 18 weeks. 
Babies delivered prematurely also 
show pain-related behaviors, according to Dr. Condic. Also, the earlier infants are delivered, the stronger their re-sponse to pain is, she reports. It is per-haps for this reason that many doctors use anesthesia when operating on late- term babies in utero. Research sug-gests that these babies do better and recover faster when anesthesia is used during utero surgery. 
Many expectant mothers today are 
encouraged to talk to their babies in utero or play soft music for the babies’ benefit. Unborn babies can hear as early as the fifth month and find their mom’s voice soothing, new research suggests. Babies even learn while in the womb, absorbing language earlier than previously suspected, according to another report. Regardless of whether you characterize yourself as pro-choice or pro-life, common sense tells us that if such techniques work to soothe the unformed baby, then the reverse likely is true as well. Late in pregnancy, un-born babies aren’t impervious to dis-memberment with steel tools in utero. 
Some say abortion saves and helps 
women. Remember that 5 years ago a woman walked into a Pennsylvania abortion clinic expecting that she would have her pregnancy terminated and would walk out of that clinic with-out major side effects. She was 41 years old and 19 weeks pregnant. She had three children and was a grandmother. She and her daughter entered the clin-
ic, but she never made it out alive. Her name was Karnamaya Mongar. She was one of the many victims of Kermit Gosnell. He operated a clinic in West Philadelphia for four decades. He made a living by performing abortions that no other doctor should ever do. The grand jury report that framed the case around Kermit Gosnell stated: ‘‘Gosnell’s approach was simple: keep volume high, expenses low—and break the law. That was his competitive edge.’’ 
According to the grand jury report: 
The bigger the baby, the bigger the charge. 
Ultrasounds were forged so that the Govern-ment would never know how old aborted ba-bies truly were. Babies were born alive, killed after breathing on their own, by stick-ing scissors into the back of the baby’s neck and cutting the spinal cord. These were live, breathing, squirming babies. 
This doctor didn’t care about the 
well-being of these aborted babies. He didn’t care about the health of the 
women. 
Extremely experienced doctors like 
Dr. Levatino, whom I mentioned ear-lier, also tell us that abortion is ‘‘sel-dom if ever a useful intervention’’ when life-threatening conditions re-quire immediate care late in preg-nancy. In most of these late second and third trimester cases, any attempt to perform an abortion ‘‘would entail undue and dangerous delay in pro-viding appropriate, truly life-saving care.’’ The number of babies whose lives Dr. Levatino had to terminate in such cases was zero, he testified. 
The bill we are talking about that we 
are going to vote on tomorrow is a commonsense measure aimed at pro-tecting women and children across the country. I urge my colleagues to em-brace the sanctity of human life and vote to move to this bill so it can at least be considered. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kansas. 
Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I first 
want to commend the Senator from Iowa. Senator G
RASSLEY has done a 
great job of a detailed report on why this bill is so extremely important, and I thank him for his comments. 
My remarks will be somewhat abbre-
viated. Today I rise to speak about this very important legislation, absolutely crucial legislation the Senate is con-sidering tomorrow. Like so many Americans, I agree that we have a re-sponsibility to protect those who can-not defend themselves. That is why I am a cosponsor of the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act—this critical legislation which simply pro-hibits abortions after an unborn child reaches 20 weeks of development. 
Scientific evidence—Senator G
RASS -
LEY reported about that—has shown 
that after 20 weeks, a child’s brain has developed to a point where they can ex-perience pain. With modern medical advances, even children born at this early stage have a chance to survive. It is appalling that the United States is one of only seven countries where elected abortions after 20 weeks are legal. How can our country take pride in protecting human rights when we 
continue to allow this practice to hap-pen within our own borders? 
A poll conducted by the Quinnipiac 
University found that a majority of Americans now support the banning of this abhorrent practice. Representing the values shared by a majority of Americans should be a bipartisan ef-fort. We need to work together to pro-tect innocent life. 
So many Americans are troubled by 
the recent videos of Planned Parent-hood employees selling fetal tissue for a profit. Those videos have helped the American people understand exactly what life at conception means. This legislation is a line of defense for pro-tecting unborn children from Planned Parenthood’s unconscionable practices. 
I commend the States that have 
stopped this practice in the absence of a Federal law. Thirteen States main-
tain prohibitions of abortion at 20 weeks. This includes my home State of Kansas. It is now time for the Senate to act and ensure that this practice is banned all across the Nation. I encour-age my colleagues to unite on this issue and support this critical legisla-tion. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Montana. 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, the 
Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act will do exactly that: protect un-born children who can feel pain. Stud-ies have shown that babies can feel pain by 20 weeks or 5 months into preg-nancy, and it is unconscionable to sub-ject a child, at any stage in their life, to such pain. 
Anesthesiologists protect these chil-
dren from the pain of surgery in the womb. Today these premature babies have a one in four chance of living a full and complete life. 
Do a quick Google search and type in 
‘‘20-week baby’’ or ‘‘20-week baby pic-tures.’’ Take out your smartphone and Google it. The results of that search will pull up something like you see here to my right—a baby whose facial features are clearly visible. In fact, only seven countries in the world allow babies 20 weeks or older to be aborted— seven countries. The United States is one of them, along with North Korea and China, to name a few. 
Overwhelmingly, Americans support 
this commonsense legislation. Accord-ing to a November 2014 poll, 60 percent of Americans support a ban on abortion at 20 weeks, including nearly 60 percent of American women. This is a bill that a majority of the American people are behind, protecting babies after 20 weeks when they can feel pain. 
We must continue to fight for the 
most vulnerable in our society—the el-derly, the disabled, and the unborn—for they don’t have a voice up here on Cap-itol Hill. Their right to life is protected by our Constitution and is part of the framework of the Declaration of Inde-pendence, and because of that, we speak up. 
During the Gosnell trial, we all 
learned about the gruesome methods of ending the life of just-born children by using a method similar to dismember-ment, which occurs in several clinics throughout our country. Science tells us that this method causes pain to the baby, some of whom were a little over 20 weeks old. 
Why do we allow these late-term 
abortions? If Gosnell aborted these children moments before they were re-moved from the womb, would the loss of life have been any less tragic or less appalling? 
We cannot stand idly by and allow 
such painful terminations of human life to continue. We must continue to be a voice for those who don’t have a voice. The Senate needs to join the House of Representatives and get this legislation passed and on the Presi-dent’s desk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Sep 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.044 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6846 September 21, 2015 
I yield back my time. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
D
AINES ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ap-
preciate the opportunity to speak to-night. I am rising in strong support of the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protec-tion Act. This is an opportunity for all of us to give voice to the unborn. 
The fight to preserve the sanctity of 
life is something I have consistently and proudly supported. I am proud of my record with regard to supporting the sanctity of life. I am proud of my 100-percent pro-life voting record by supporting legislation in the House and now here in the Senate. 
Earlier this year I reintroduced the 
Child Custody Protection Act. It pre-vents the transportation of minors across State lines for the purposes of eluding parental notification laws. This is a big deal in my State. The leg-islation simply says that parents have the right to be involved in their kids’ most important decisions. It is sup-ported, by the way, by an over-whelming majority of Americans. Pa-rental notification laws are key to re-ducing the number of abortions in this country and should be supported. We should not allow parental notification laws to be circumvented. 
I understand that there are raw emo-
tions that are evoked by these issues, and I know there are fundamental dis-agreements on the issue of abortion. However, I hope there are steps we can take to promote a culture of life, and I think passing the Child Custody Pro-tection Act is certainly one of those. I hope the Senate will take up that legis-lation soon so that we can indeed come together as a group and promote the sanctity of life. I think another way to do this is to support the pain-capable legislation I will talk about in a mo-ment. 
Along with millions of other Ameri-
cans, I have watched these deeply dis-turbing Planned Parenthood videos that were recently released. The videos graphically show how some at Planned Parenthood view the unborn as some-thing to be exploited and not as pre-cious life that deserves to be protected. Because of the shocking nature of these videos, congressional committees of jurisdiction are properly now inves-tigating. Beyond that, I call on the Obama administration to begin a criminal investigation into this matter to determine if employees of a feder-ally funded organization have violated the law. These acts must not be toler-ated. 
Last month I cosponsored and voted 
for legislation that would end Federal funding for Planned Parenthood while ensuring that taxpayer dollars would 
continue to be offered to community health organizations to continue to provide health services to women across my State of Ohio and across America. By the way, there are seven times more community health organi-zations in the State of Ohio than there are Planned Parenthood clinics. So this is an opportunity for us to shift that funding to where women can get the health care support they need. These health care issues for women are a na-tional priority and should continue to be. We need to strengthen women’s health initiatives without having to fund Planned Parenthood from the pay-checks of American workers. 
The pain-capable legislation that is 
currently being debated here on the floor is really about science, and it is about advances in medical technology. Scientific evidence now tells us that at the age of 20 weeks post fertilization, an unborn child can feel pain. It is time to recognize this fact and take the nec-essary steps to protect unborn children and welcome them to life. I believe this legislation is a very important part of that overall goal. 
I have visited the neonatal units at 
the great children’s hospitals in my home State of Ohio. I have seen the amazing work that is done there by our doctors, nurses, and other medical pro-fessionals. It is incredible. I encourage all of my colleagues to make visits in their own States. I have seen firsthand this amazing work. I have seen as they help babies who were born extremely premature come to life. It is inspira-tional to see what they are doing. These newborns represent the miracle of life, and it is our duty to make sure they are protected. We have seen ad-vances in neonatal care to allow these babies to survive and to live to their full potential. Just a few years ago this was not necessarily the case, so these medical advances have been really ex-citing, and it is one more reason to pass this legislation. 
As we continue to enhance our med-
ical technologies, more and more peo-ple are able to see that we are not talk-ing about unviable fetuses, but unborn children who could one day grow up and become part of our American fam-ily. As a result, increasingly, the American people believe that ending a child’s life should be as rare as possible and that we should work together to reduce the number of abortions per-formed in this country. That is progress. 
The debate on this legislation is not 
just about morals or values or religious views. It is about protecting innocent life from a painful act that they do not deserve. We have a responsibility to protect unborn children and give them the chance to succeed. This legislation and this vote before us here tomorrow in the Senate is an opportunity to make that happen. 
The United States of America is only 
one of only seven countries in the world to provide and allow for elective abortions after 20 weeks. Think about 
that. On that short list, by the way, are North Korea and China. What does that say about our national character if we know these unborn children are feeling excruciating pain, yet we choose not to act? When our Founders declared our independence, they wrote of certain unalienable truths endowed by our Creator, they said, and among them, of course, are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Life is the very first one. So let’s stand together today and take a unified step toward protecting life. 
This is a commonsense bill. It has 
the support of the American people. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to help provide a voice for those who cannot provide that voice for themselves, to take this important step toward holding up the sanctity of life, and to pass this important legisla-tion. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, we 
as a Nation treat bugs in a very unique way. There is a little bug called the American burying beetle. They are in many areas of the country. They are all over Oklahoma. In southeastern Oklahoma, in a lot of areas where there is commercial construction, we have to wait through the early part of the spring because, in the springtime, the American burying beetle lays little eggs and those eggs multiply in the ground and little bugs start crawling up. The folks at the Fish and Wildlife Service tell us not to step on those bugs because they could possibly be threatened, and construction needs to stop during the springtime so the Earth is not disturbed during that time period. We don’t want to disturb the Earth because those eggs might be damaged, and we will have fewer of the American burying beetle. 
I bring that up not because I am so 
enamored with that bug, but because our Nation has a history of protecting life—life wherever it may be—whether it is a burying beetle in southeastern Oklahoma or whether it is a child. 
For some strange reason, in this 
room, the conversation tends to go more towards the American burying beetle and their eggs and protecting that bug than it is about protecting children. So I bring up today some-thing that I don’t think should be that controversial. What are we going to do with children who can feel and experi-ence pain? Will we as a Nation guard children? That would be a pretty straightforward thing, I would say. 
In 1973 the Supreme Court of the 
United States struggled with how to be able to define life. This whole con-versation the Supreme Court had be-hind closed doors as they struggled with a decision that we now know as Roe v. Wade. In January of 1973, after struggling behind closed doors, the Su-preme Court came out with a decision 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Sep 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.045 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6847 September 21, 2015 
that was brand new to American law, 
coming from actually common law, and that was viability. What used to be in common law when they would dis-cuss quickening, when the child could kick and move, they would now con-sider this child a child worthy of pro-tection. They asked the question: When is it possible for a fetus to be alive? In January of 1973, they said they would have to leave it up to medical tech-nology as to when that child would be viable. 
Fast forward up to today. Let’s talk 
about when a child is considered viable. Let’s talk about what happens now. We know at 20 weeks that child can re-spond to different stimuli. That child feels pain. That child can respond to normal things that are happening around it. I can distinctly remember, with both of my daughters, my wife and I went in at 20 weeks to be able to look at the sonogram because at 20 weeks, that was the first time the doc-tor could say whether we were going to have a boy or a girl, and we could see the health of my two daughters. That was a big day for us, to be able to go in and see the sonogram and to know it is a girl and to be able to watch them move around in the womb, to dream about what her name would be and what they would look like. Now one daughter is in college, and one is in high school. But the first time I ever laid eyes on them, they were 20 weeks old, when we got a peak into the womb with the sonogram. 
This bill asks a simple question, this 
bill that deals with pain-capable. This pain-capable bill asks the question: Is the child alive at five months, when the baby can kick, suck its thumb, stretch, yawn, make faces; when med-ical science tells us they can experi-ence pain, is that child alive? 
Recently The New York Times did a 
report studying this one issue about children that are born extremely early—at this exact time we are dis-cussing right now—how many of the children that are born even that early make it. The New York Times’ latest study said more than 25 percent of them make it. 
Let me tell my colleagues about one 
of them. Her name is Violet. She is the daughter of a friend of mine. She is a pretty amazing young lady. She was born at this exact date we are dis-cussing, and she was born at 14 ounces. She would fit into your hand, less than a pound. That tiny little girl who had such a tough start is a 1-year-old now. She is not 14 ounces, she is 15 pounds and—thanks for asking—she is doing great. She is healthy and strong and she is beautiful. You ought to see her beautiful face with the bow on the top of her head—a sparkling little girl. She was born at 14 ounces. 
I am asking our Nation to think 
about this again. The discussion in 1973 about viability needs to catch up to the science of today. At 14 ounces and at 5 months of gestation, that little girl is doing great. Yet in many places in our country—not all but in many places in 
our country—that child can still be ex-ecuted in the womb and no one would bat an eye. 
This is a conversation our Nation 
needs to have. I can’t imagine it would be controversial to make a simple statement. When a child can feel pain, when a child is viable—even the Su-preme Court from 1973 would look at this time period and say that is viabil-ity—at that moment, should we as a nation step up and protect children? This shouldn’t be about whether a child can feel pain. We know that child can feel pain. It is not even about via-bility. We know that child is viable. In fact, I know her name. It is about when our laws catch up to our morals and to our science. 
Late-term abortions in many areas of 
our country are already illegal. Let’s address this. As a people and as a na-tion, I am asking a simple thing. When we know the child can feel pain, when we know they are viable, let’s treat them as a child. Let’s honor that child as alive, and let’s say we don’t do abor-tions when we know that child is via-ble. It is a straightforward issue that I hope will not be controversial. This is not about women’s health. This is about the health of little boys and lit-tle girls who need our Nation to stay with them. 
This bill we can pass. A lot of impor-
tant things we are dealing with—the budget, the Iran nuclear negotiations— but can we not stop for a moment and say our Nation will guard our most vulnerable? Can we not protect our children? I think we can do both. 
I yield back. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I rise today 
in support of the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, which protects unborn babies who are capable of feel-ing pain from abortions. I am proud to be a cosponsor of the Senate version of this bill and applaud our Leader for bringing the bill to the floor. 
According to the National Library of 
Medicine, a baby’s major systems and structures develop at week 5 of fetal development. Blood cells, kidney cells, and nerve cells develop at this time; and the baby’s brain, spinal cord, and heart begin to develop. During the sixth and seventh weeks, a baby’s brain forms into five different areas and a baby’s heart beats at a regular rhythm, with blood pumping through the main vessels. Lungs start to form during week 8, and all essential organs have begun to grow by week 9. 
The National Library of Medicine re-
ports that a baby’s face is well-formed between weeks 11 and 14. Bones become harder between weeks 15 and 18, and the baby’s liver and pancreas produce secretions. Between weeks 19 and 21, a baby can hear and swallow. 
Some of my colleagues are aware 
that this issue is very personal for me. Our daughter Amy was born three months premature. She weighed 2 pounds and the doctor’s advice was to wait and see. We took Amy to Wyo-ming’s biggest hospital to get the best 
kind of care we could find. When my wife, Diana, and I would visit her, the nurses often told us it wasn’t looking good. We were even asked if we had had Amy baptized. When we said she was, a relieved nurse said, ‘‘Good. We’ve never lost a baptized preemie.’’ 
Amy is a fighter, and she lived. 
Today, she is a teacher in Wyoming, and Diana and I were so proud to see her get married last year. What I learned from watching Amy is how hard a 6-month old baby struggles to live. I want babies like Amy to be pro-tected. I firmly believe that every life demands our respect as a special gift from God, and I urge my colleagues to support the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act as a step in the right direction. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
20TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
AFTER-SCHOOL ALL-STARS 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, today I rec-
ognize the 20th anniversary of the After-School All-Stars of Greater Las Vegas, NV. 
In 1995, Elaine Wynn established the 
Greater Las Vegas Inner-City Games to provide thousands of young Nevadans with a fun, safe, and positive place to go during after-school hours. In 2003, the program was expanded to include more services and the program was transformed into the After-School All- Stars. 
Over the past two decades, After- 
School All-Stars has provided more than 120,000 underprivileged Southern Nevadans with a free and comprehen-sive after-school program. Today, the After-School All-Stars program has reached 12 states, including the Dis-trict of Columbia. 
After-School All-Stars takes pride in 
providing its students with the oppor-tunity to participate in exciting and engaging activities, while also building self-esteem. This important program teaches its participants the value of saying no to drugs and yes to hope and offers students academic support, en-richment activities, and health and fit-ness awareness. Through its mission, After-School All-Stars is working to graduate students from high school, prepare them for college and future ca-reers, and encourage them to give back to their communities. 
This organization has impacted the 
lives of Nevada students for 20 years, and I applaud the After-School All- Stars program of Greater Las Vegas for their dedication to improving the lives 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Sep 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.047 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6848 September 21, 2015 
of at-risk students throughout South-
ern Nevada. I congratulate the pro-gram’s board of directors, staff, and volunteers on decades of success and wish them the best in the years to come. 
f 
OBSERVING NATIONAL POW/MIA 
RECOGNITION DAY 
Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, today I 
wish to join Americans across our great Nation in recognizing National POW/MIA Day—a day to honor pris-oners of war, POW, and those missing in action, MIA. 
Throughout the history of our Na-
tion, Americans have answered the call of duty to defend our country and its interests. They bravely step forward knowing of the sacrifices they may en-dure. At home, we enjoy the security and freedoms they have fought to en-sure. We must not forget the costs of our freedoms and the Americans who sacrificed for our country. We must be resolute in our duty to bring them home should they go missing or be taken prisoner when serving our Na-tion. 
The safe return of those who have 
gone missing in action or are prisoners of war remains at the forefront of my thoughts and prayers. Likewise, the challenges of families of missing serv-icemembers as they await the return of loved ones cannot be forgotten. POW/ MIA families and veterans have re-mained committed to the pursuit of facts. Finding resolution for military families, who have supported the brave men and women who protect our free-doms, must also remain a priority. 
We cannot forget the remarkable 
service of those who put their lives on the line to secure the return of missing military personnel. Those courageous Americans and their families deserve gratitude for the work they do to bring Americans home. 
Thank you for the service of our Na-
tion’s servicemembers, their families, and all those who work to ensure the return home of America’s best and bravest. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO SECRETARY JOHN 
MCHUGH 
∑Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, on be-
half of myself and the senior Senator from Rhode Island, Mr. R
EED, who 
serves as the cochair of the Senate Army Caucus, together with the mem-bers of the caucus, I proudly wish to pay tribute to the Honorable John M. McHugh, former Member of the House of Representatives, colleague, friend, and inspirational leader as he leaves his current post as one of the longest serving Secretaries of the Army in U.S. history. 
To say this patriot has faithfully 
served his country is an understate-ment. After over 42 years of public service, John leaves our Army, our Na-
tion, and our world both safer and more secure. Moreover, his tireless ad-vocacy and bold leadership for our sol-diers, civilians, and their family mem-bers are legendary. From improve-ments in family and mental health pro-grams to unprecedented strides in com-bating sexual assault and suicide, John M. McHugh has truly earned the oft- stated moniker of ‘‘The Soldier’s Sec-
retary.’’ 
Raised in Watertown, NY, John 
served as assistant city manager and went on to serve four terms in the New York State Senate. From there, this great leader was asked to run for Con-gress, ultimately representing his dis-trict in the House of Representatives for nearly 17 years, and rising to be the ranking member of the House Armed Services Committee. 
As Congressman McHugh dem-
onstrated repeatedly, it takes thought-ful, determined, and visionary leader-ship to ensure the security of our Na-tion. As a Representative of the 24th and later the 23rd District of New York, which includes one of our most important Army posts, Fort Drum, John ensured that cutting-edge facili-ties and programs supported our warfighters. To say that Fort Drum is the ‘‘House that McHugh Built’’ is very apropos. From MILCON projects to weapons systems, the soldiers, civil-ians, and families of that historic post were always cared for and supported, and John ensured that the 10th Moun-tain Division had all of the tools it needed to be at the tip of the spear of our Nation’s defense. Moreover, his ex-ceptional work as the cochair of the Army Caucus for over 15 years and as a critical member of the West Point board of visitors was instrumental in improving Congress’s understanding of the Army’s needs. 
During his tenure as the second-long-
est serving Secretary of the Army, John M. McHugh has been at the very forefront of national military strategy, policy, and programs. His expert lead-ership, bold initiatives, and pragmatic management of the oldest and largest military service has ensured that our Army remains the finest fighting force the world has ever known. And it has been no easy task. 
John presided over some of the 
toughest missions the Army has ever faced. From overseeing one of the larg-est retrogrades in military history; while holding the Army together as it was hit by sequestration; to reorga-nizing, revamping, and restructuring our force, while our soldiers conducted combat operations around the world, Secretary McHugh led with distinction and results. 
Of particular note, John’s determina-
tion, devotion, and love of our servicemembers ensured that our most sacred and hallowed ground, Arlington National Cemetery, overcame years of neglect and transformed its manage-ment and oversight. 
With profound admiration and deep 
respect, we pay tribute to Secretary McHugh for all he has done for our Na-
tion. We thank him for his dedication and sacrifice. We wish him all the full-est measure of peace and happiness as he boldly takes on new challenges in the next phase of his life. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PINKY KRAVITZ 
∑Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, 
today I am honored to recognize Mr. Pinky Kravitz on the occasion of his retirement from the WOND-AM 1400 after many years of remarkable broad-casting throughout the Garden State. 
Mr. Kravitz could be heard over the 
airways for more than 59 years as a radio broadcaster. He started his illus-trious career first in 1956 as the host of a live call-in show on WLDB-AM, now known as 1490 WBSS. Since 1958, he has continuously hosted numerous radio programs with WOND-AM 1400, includ-ing Pinky’s Corner, a live call-in pro-gram, and WMGM Presents Pinky, a weekly television program. Addition-ally, his written word could be heard across numerous publications and newspapers, most recently for the Press of Atlantic City. His radio show was one of the longest-running shows in the country, proof of his wide appeal and heartfelt reporting. 
Known widely as ‘‘Mr. Atlantic City’’ 
due to his promotion of the area, Mr. Kravitz was the unshakable spokesman of Southern New Jersey. A fierce advo-cate for the region, his voice was un-mistakable, as he consistently sought to highlight the very best of what makes New Jersey great. His in-depth programming spoke to many, as he res-onated with the hearts and minds of our friends and neighbors. Mr. Kravitz represented the very best of engaging, informative, entertaining, and respon-sible broadcasting. 
In addition to these and many more 
accomplishments, Mr. Kravitz was the first inductee into the New Jersey Broadcasters Hall of Fame in 2012, a testament to his impact on the indus-try. He was also the first recipient of the New Jersey Broadcasters Associa-tion, NJBA, Lifetime Achievement Award. 
I was honored to appear on Mr. 
Kravitz’s radio show on several occa-sions. He was always the utmost pro-
fessional while embracing the nature of substantive, meaningful journalism. For many years, his radio and tele-vision shows consistently sought to provide the region with a unique and fair perspective while maintaining a sense of familiarity and comfort, an ac-complishment in and of itself. 
I recognize, commend, and applaud 
Mr. Pinky Kravitz in light of his ex-traordinary service to WOND-AM 1400 and his unwavering dedication to the airways of New Jersey. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Williams, one of his secretaries. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Sep 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.030 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6849 September 21, 2015 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of 
the Senate of January 6, 2015, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on September 18, 2015, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) has signed the following 
enrolled bills: 
S. 230. An act to provide for the convey-
ance of certain property to the Yukon Kuskokwim Health Corporation located in Bethel, Alaska. 
S. 501. An act to make technical correc-
tions to the Navajo water rights settlement in the State of New Mexico, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 23. An act to reauthorize the National 
Windstorm Impact Reduction Program, and for other purposes. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 2:02 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 758. An act to amend Rule 11 of the 
Federal Rules of Civil Procedure to improve attorney accountability, and for other pur-poses. 
H.R. 3134. An act to provide for a morato-
rium on Federal funding to Planned Parent-hood Federation of America, Inc. 
H.R. 3504. An act to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to prohibit a health care practi-tioner from failing to exercise the proper de-gree of care in the case of a child who sur-vives an abortion or attempted abortion. 
The message also announced that the 
House has passed the following bills, with amendment, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
S. 764. An act to reauthorize and amend the 
National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1603. An act to actively recruit members 
of the Armed Forces who are separating from military service to serve as Customs and Border Protection Officers. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
The President pro tempore (Mr. 
HATCH ) announced that on today, Sep-
tember 21, 2015, he had signed the fol-lowing enrolled bills, previously signed by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) of the House: 
S. 230. An act to provide for the convey-
ance of certain property to the Yukon Kuskokwim Health Corporation located in Bethel, Alaska. 
S. 501. An act to make technical correc-
tions to the Navajo water rights settlement in the State of New Mexico, and for other 
purposes. 
H.R. 23. An act to reauthorize the National 
Windstorm Impact Reduction Program, and for other purposes. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bill was read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 758. An act to amend Rule 11 of the 
Federal Rules of Civil Procedure to improve attorney accountability, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME 
The following bills were read the first 
time: 
H.R. 3134. An act to provide for a morato-
rium on Federal funding to Planned Parent-hood Federation of America, Inc. 
H.R. 3504. An act to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to prohibit a health care practi-tioner from failing to exercise the proper de-gree of care in the case of a child who sur-vives an abortion or attempted abortion. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS PRESENTED 
The Secretary of the Senate reported 
that on today, September 21, 2015, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bills: 
S. 230. An act to provide for the convey-
ance of certain property to the Yukon Kuskokwim Health Corporation located in Bethel, Alaska. 
S. 501. An act to make technical correc-
tions to the Navajo water rights settlement in the State of New Mexico, and for other purposes. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: 
H.R. 623. An act to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to establish a so-cial media working group, and for other pur-poses (Rept. No. 114–145). 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. MORAN: 
S. 2061. A bill to designate a National Me-
morial to Fallen Educators at the National Teachers Hall of Fame in Emporia, Kansas; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Ms. HIRONO: 
S. 2062. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to extend authority for oper-ation of the Department of Veterans Affairs Regional Office in Manila, the Republic of the Philippines; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. VITTER (for himself and Mr. 
CASSIDY ): 
S. Res. 260. A resolution honoring the life 
and legacy of Calvin G. Moret; considered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 163 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 163, a bill to establish a grant program to help State and local law en-forcement agencies reduce the risk of injury and death relating to the wan-dering characteristics of some children with autism and other disabilities. 
S. 175 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
175, a bill to provide for certain land to be taken into trust for the benefit of Morongo Band of Mission Indians, and for other purposes. 
S. 235 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 235, a bill to provide for wildfire suppression operations, and for other purposes. 
S. 502 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the names 
of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) and the Senator from Virginia 
(Mr. K AINE) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 502, a bill to focus limited Federal resources on the most serious offend-ers. 
S. 524 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 524, a bill to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use. 
S. 571 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 571, a bill to amend the Pilot’s Bill of Rights to facilitate ap-peals and to apply to other certificates issued by the Federal Aviation Admin-istration, to require the revision of the third class medical certification regu-lations issued by the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 578 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 578, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to en-sure more timely access to home health services for Medicare bene-ficiaries under the Medicare program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Sep 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21SE6.007 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6850 September 21, 2015 
S. 579 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
names of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) and the Senator from 
Maine (Ms. C OLLINS ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 579, a bill to amend the Inspector General Act of 1978 to strengthen the independence of the In-spectors General, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 598 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 598, a bill to improve the under-standing of, and promote access to treatment for, chronic kidney disease, and for other purposes. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the names of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) and the Sen-
ator from Oregon (Mr. M ERKLEY ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presumptions relating to the ex-posure of certain veterans who served in the vicinity of the Republic of Viet-nam, and for other purposes. 
S. 740 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 740, a bill to improve the co-ordination and use of geospatial data. 
S. 746 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the name of the Senator from New Jer-sey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 746, a bill to provide for the establishment of a Commission to Accelerate the End of Breast Cancer. 
S. 968 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 968, a bill to require the Commissioner of Social Security to re-vise the medical and evaluation cri-teria for determining disability in a person diagnosed with Huntington’s Disease and to waive the 24-month waiting period for Medicare eligibility for individuals disabled by Hunting-ton’s Disease. 
S. 1020 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1020, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure the continued access of Medicare bene-ficiaries to diagnostic imaging serv-ices, and for other purposes. 
S. 1085 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1085, a bill to expand eligi-bility for the program of comprehen-sive assistance for family caregivers of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to expand benefits available to partici-pants under such program, to enhance special compensation for members of the uniformed services who require as-sistance in everyday life, and for other 
purposes. 
S. 1169 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1169, a bill to reauthorize and improve the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974, and for other purposes. 
S. 1239 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1239, a bill to amend the Clean Air Act with respect to the ethanol waiver for the Reid vapor pressure limitations under that Act. 
S. 1314 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1314, a bill to establish an interim rule for the operation of small un-
manned aircraft for commercial pur-poses and their safe integration into the national airspace system. 
S. 1383 
At the request of Mr. P ERDUE , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1383, a bill to amend the Con-sumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to subject the Bureau of Consumer Fi-nancial Protection to the regular ap-propriations process, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1512 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1512, a bill to eliminate dis-crimination and promote women’s health and economic security by ensur-ing reasonable workplace accommoda-tions for workers whose ability to per-form the functions of a job are limited by pregnancy, childbirth, or a related medical condition. 
S. 1659 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1659, a bill to amend the Vot-ing Rights Act of 1965 to revise the cri-teria for determining which States and political subdivisions are subject to section 4 of the Act, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1661 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1661, a bill to amend title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act to preserve consumer and employer ac-cess to licensed independent insurance producers. 
S. 1794 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the 
names of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) and the Senator from 
Hawaii (Mr. S CHATZ ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1794, a bill to prohibit drilling in the Arctic Ocean. 
S. 1831 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
names of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P ETERS ), the Senator from Lou-
isiana (Mr. V ITTER ) and the Senator 
from Washington (Mrs. M URRAY ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1831, a bill to revise section 48 of title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes. 
S. 1918 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1918, a bill to amend the Endangered 
Species Act of 1973 to extend the import- and export-related provision of that Act to species proposed for listing as threatened or endangered under that Act. 
S. 1964 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1964, a bill to amend parts B and E of title IV of the Social Security Act to invest in funding prevention and fam-ily services to help keep children safe and supported at home with their fami-lies, and for other purposes. 
S. 2016 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 2016, a bill to amend chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, to promote the responsible transfer of firearms. 
S.J. RES. 22 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S.J. Res. 22, a joint resolution pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Corps of Engineers and the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency relating to the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 260—HON-
ORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF CALVIN G. MORET 
Mr. VITTER (for himself and Mr. 
C
ASSIDY ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to. 
S. R ES. 260 
Whereas Calvin G. Moret was born on Au-
gust 15, 1925, in New Orleans, Louisiana; 
Whereas, in 1943, Calvin G. Moret joined 
the Tuskegee Airmen and completed his ad-vanced training in P–51 Mustangs; 
Whereas the Tuskegee Airmen were the 
first African-American military airmen; 
Whereas, on November 20, 1944, Calvin G. 
Moret graduated as a Flight Officer as part of class 44–I–SE in the Tuskegee Airmen pro-gram; 
Whereas, according to the Veterans His-
tory Project of the Library of Congress, Cal-vin G. Moret served as a flight instructor; 
Whereas Calvin G. Moret was a recipient of 
the Congressional Gold Medal, presented in the rotunda of the United States Capitol, for his service to the United States; 
Whereas Calvin G. Moret was the last sur-
viving Tuskegee Airman pilot in Louisiana; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Sep 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21SE6.013 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6851 September 21, 2015 
Whereas Calvin G. Moret contributed oral 
histories to the collection of the National WWII Museum; 
Whereas, on June 29, 2013, the Urban 
League of Greater New Orleans presented Calvin G. Moret with the Whitney M. Young Legacy Award; 
Whereas, in 2014, Calvin G. Moret became 
the fifth honorary member of the Black Pi-lots of America; and 
Whereas Calvin G. Moret was a distin-
guished speaker for the National WWII Mu-seum at major exhibits, including the ‘‘Fighting for the Right to Fight: African American Experiences in World War II’’ ex-hibit: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) honors the life of Calvin G. Moret, who 
was dedicated to serving the community and recording the experiences of the members of the Tuskegee Airmen; 
(2) recognizes the lasting contributions 
made by Calvin G. Moret to World War II educational programming and the National WWII Museum; and 
(3) requests that the Secretary of the Sen-
ate prepare an official copy of this resolution for presentation to the family of Calvin G. Moret. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2667. Mr. CASEY submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 36, to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect pain-capable unborn chil-dren, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2668. Mr. LANKFORD (for Mr. V
ITTER ) 
proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1109, to require adequate information regarding the tax treatment of payments under settlement agreements entered into by Federal agen-cies, and for other purposes. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2667. Mr. CASEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 36, to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect pain- capable unborn children, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. ADDITIONAL FUNDING FOR THE PREG-
NANCY ASSISTANCE FUND. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) In 2011, 730,322 legal induced abortions 
were reported to the Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention. 
(2) Forty-nine percent of all pregnancies in 
America are unintended. Excluding mis-carriages, 42 percent of unintended preg-nancies end in abortion. 
(3) Of those unintended pregnancies ending 
in abortion, 50 percent of the women have in-comes below 200 percent of the poverty level. 
(4) The pregnancy assistance fund is an ini-
tiative to support women facing unplanned pregnancies, new parents and their children by providing for health care needs, sup-portive services and helpful prenatal infor-mation and postnatal services. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL FUNDING .—Section 10214 of 
Public Law 111-148 (42 U.S.C. 18204) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘In addition to amounts authorized to be appro-priated in the previous sentence, there are authorized to be appropriated, and there are appropriated from funds not otherwise obli-gated, to carry out section 10210, an addi-tional $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2019, and an additional $50,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2020 through 2024.’’. 
SA 2668. Mr. LANKFORD (for Mr. 
VITTER ) proposed an amendment to the 
bill S. 1109, to require adequate infor-mation regarding the tax treatment of payments under settlement agreements entered into by Federal agencies, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 2, strike lines 11 through 20 and in-
sert the following: 
‘‘(1) the term ‘covered settlement agree-
ment’ means a settlement agreement (in-cluding a consent decree)— 
‘‘(A) that is entered into by an Executive 
agency; and 
‘‘(B)(i) that— ‘‘(I) relates to an alleged violation of Fed-
eral civil or criminal law; and 
‘‘(II) requires the payment of a total of not 
less than $1,000,000 by 1 or more non-Federal persons; or 
‘‘(ii) that— ‘‘(I) relates to the rule making process of 
the Executive agency or an alleged failure by the Executive agency to engage in a rule making process; and 
‘‘(II) requires the payment of a total of not 
less than $200,000 in attorney fees, costs, or expenses by the Executive agency or entity within the Federal Government to a non- Federal person; 
On page 2, line 23, strike ‘‘and’’. On page 2, line 26, strike the period and in-
sert ‘‘; and’’. 
On page 2, after line 26, insert the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) the term ‘rule making’ has the mean-
ing given that term under section 551(5). 
On page 4, line 3, strike ‘‘and’’. On page 4, between lines 16 and 17, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(VII) a description of where amounts col-
lected under the covered settlement agree-ment will be deposited, including, if applica-ble, the deposit of such amounts in an ac-count available for use for 1 or more pro-grams of the Federal Government; and 
On page 7, line 25, insert ‘‘or that entered 
into a settlement agreement that involves regulatory action or regulatory changes’’ after ‘‘covered settlement agreement’’. 
On page 8, line 11, strike ‘‘and’’. On page 8, line 15, strike the period and in-
sert a semicolon. 
On page 8, between lines 15 and 16, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(D) the total amount of attorney fees, 
costs, and expenses paid to non-Federal per-sons under settlement agreements (including consent decrees) of the Executive agency during that fiscal year; and 
‘‘(E) the number of settlement agreements 
(including consent decrees) between the Ex-ecutive agency and non-Federal persons that involve regulatory action or regulatory changes, including the promulgation of new rules, during that fiscal year. 
On page 8, strike line 25 and all that fol-
lows through page 9, line 20. 
On page 9, line 21, strike ‘‘(c)’’ and insert 
‘‘(b)’’. 
f 
TRUTH IN SETTLEMENTS ACT OF 
2015 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 140, S. 1109. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 1109) to require adequate infor-
mation regarding the tax treatment of pay-ments under settlement agreements entered into by Federal agencies, and for other pur-poses. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. LANKFORD. I ask unanimous 
consent that the Vitter amendment be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 2668) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To apply the disclosure require-
ments to settlements between agencies and private entities and require information regarding the use of funds collected under settlement agreements) 
On page 2, strike lines 11 through 20 and in-
sert the following: 
‘‘(1) the term ‘covered settlement agree-
ment’ means a settlement agreement (in-cluding a consent decree)— 
‘‘(A) that is entered into by an Executive 
agency; and 
‘‘(B)(i) that— ‘‘(I) relates to an alleged violation of Fed-
eral civil or criminal law; and 
‘‘(II) requires the payment of a total of not 
less than $1,000,000 by 1 or more non-Federal persons; or 
‘‘(ii) that— ‘‘(I) relates to the rule making process of 
the Executive agency or an alleged failure by the Executive agency to engage in a rule making process; and 
‘‘(II) requires the payment of a total of not 
less than $200,000 in attorney fees, costs, or expenses by the Executive agency or entity within the Federal Government to a non- Federal person; 
On page 2, line 23, strike ‘‘and’’. On page 2, line 26, strike the period and in-
sert ‘‘; and’’. 
On page 2, after line 26, insert the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) the term ‘rule making’ has the mean-
ing given that term under section 551(5). 
On page 4, line 3, strike ‘‘and’’. On page 4, between lines 16 and 17, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(VII) a description of where amounts col-
lected under the covered settlement agree-ment will be deposited, including, if applica-ble, the deposit of such amounts in an ac-count available for use for 1 or more pro-grams of the Federal Government; and 
On page 7, line 25, insert ‘‘or that entered 
into a settlement agreement that involves regulatory action or regulatory changes’’ after ‘‘covered settlement agreement’’. 
On page 8, line 11, strike ‘‘and’’. On page 8, line 15, strike the period and in-
sert a semicolon. 
On page 8, between lines 15 and 16, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(D) the total amount of attorney fees, 
costs, and expenses paid to non-Federal per-sons under settlement agreements (including consent decrees) of the Executive agency during that fiscal year; and 
‘‘(E) the number of settlement agreements 
(including consent decrees) between the Ex-ecutive agency and non-Federal persons that involve regulatory action or regulatory changes, including the promulgation of new rules, during that fiscal year. 
On page 8, strike line 25 and all that fol-
lows through page 9, line 20. 
On page 9, line 21, strike ‘‘(c)’’ and insert 
‘‘(b)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Sep 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21SE6.017 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6852 September 21, 2015 
The bill (S. 1109), as amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 1109 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Truth in 
Settlements Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. INFORMATION REGARDING SETTLEMENT 
AGREEMENTS ENTERED INTO BY FEDERAL AGENCIES. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS FOR SETTLEMENT AGREE -
MENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 3 of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 307. Information regarding settlement 
agreements 
‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘covered settlement agree-
ment’ means a settlement agreement (in-cluding a consent decree)— 
‘‘(A) that is entered into by an Executive 
agency; and 
‘‘(B)(i) that— ‘‘(I) relates to an alleged violation of Fed-
eral civil or criminal law; and 
‘‘(II) requires the payment of a total of not 
less than $1,000,000 by 1 or more non-Federal persons; or 
‘‘(ii) that— ‘‘(I) relates to the rule making process of 
the Executive agency or an alleged failure by the Executive agency to engage in a rule making process; and 
‘‘(II) requires the payment of a total of not 
less than $200,000 in attorney fees, costs, or expenses by the Executive agency or entity within the Federal Government to a non- Federal person; 
‘‘(2) the term ‘entity within the Federal 
Government’ includes an officer or employee of the Federal Government acting in an offi-cial capacity; 
‘‘(3) the term ‘non-Federal person’ means a 
person that is not an entity within the Fed-eral Government; and 
‘‘(4) the term ‘rule making’ has the mean-
ing given that term under section 551(5). 
‘‘(b) I
NFORMATION TOBEPOSTED ONLINE .— 
‘‘(1) R EQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), the head of each Executive agency shall make publicly available in a searchable for-mat in a prominent location on the Web site of the Executive agency— 
‘‘(i) a list of each covered settlement 
agreement entered into by the Executive agency, which shall include, for each covered settlement agreement— 
‘‘(I) the date on which the parties entered 
into the covered settlement agreement; 
‘‘(II) the names of the parties that settled 
claims under the covered settlement agree-ment; 
‘‘(III) a description of the claims each 
party settled under the covered settlement agreement; 
‘‘(IV) the amount each party settling a 
claim under the covered settlement agree-ment is obligated to pay under the settle-ment agreement; 
‘‘(V) the total amount the settling parties 
are obligated to pay under the settlement agreement; 
‘‘(VI) for each settling party— ‘‘(aa) the amount, if any, the settling party 
is obligated to pay that is expressly specified under the covered settlement agreement as a civil or criminal penalty or fine; and 
‘‘(bb) the amount, if any, that is expressly 
specified under the covered settlement agreement as not deductible for purposes of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; and ‘‘(VII) a description of where amounts col-
lected under the covered settlement agree-ment will be deposited, including, if applica-ble, the deposit of such amounts in an ac-count available for use for 1 or more pro-grams of the Federal Government; and 
‘‘(ii) a copy of each covered settlement 
agreement entered into by the Executive agency. 
‘‘(B) C
ONFIDENTIALITY PROVISIONS .—The re-
quirement to disclose information or a copy of a covered settlement agreement under subparagraph (A) shall apply to the extent that the information or copy (or portion thereof) is not subject to a confidentiality provision that prohibits disclosure of the in-formation or copy (or portion thereof). 
‘‘(2) P
ERIOD .—The head of each Executive 
agency shall ensure that— 
‘‘(A) information regarding a covered set-
tlement agreement is publicly available on the list described in paragraph (1)(A)(i) for a period of not less than 5 years, beginning on the date of the covered settlement agree-ment; and 
‘‘(B) a copy of a covered settlement agree-
ment made available under paragraph (1)(A)(ii) is publicly available— 
‘‘(i) for a period of not less than 1 year, be-
ginning on the date of the covered settle-ment agreement; or 
‘‘(ii) for a covered settlement agreement 
under which a non-Federal person is required to pay not less than $50,000,000, for a period of not less than 5 years, beginning on the date of the covered settlement agreement. 
‘‘(c) P
UBLIC STATEMENT .—If the head of an 
Executive agency determines that a con-fidentiality provision in a covered settle-ment agreement, or the sealing of a covered settlement agreement, is required to protect the public interest of the United States, the head of the Executive agency shall issue a public statement stating why such action is required to protect the public interest of the United States, which shall explain— 
‘‘(1) what interests confidentiality pro-
tects; and 
‘‘(2) why the interests protected by con-
fidentiality outweigh the public’s interest in knowing about the conduct of the Federal Government and the expenditure of Federal resources. 
‘‘(d) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR WRITTEN PUBLIC  
STATEMENTS .—Any written public statement 
issued by an Executive agency that refers to an amount to be paid by a non-Federal per-son under a covered settlement agreement shall— 
‘‘(1) specify which portion, if any, of the 
amount to be paid under the covered settle-ment agreement by a non-Federal person— 
‘‘(A) is expressly specified under the cov-
ered settlement agreement as a civil or criminal penalty or fine to be paid for a vio-lation of Federal law; or 
‘‘(B) is expressly specified under the cov-
ered settlement agreement as not deductible for purposes of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; 
‘‘(2) if no portion of the amount to be paid 
under the covered settlement agreement by a non-Federal person is expressly specified under the covered settlement agreement as a civil or criminal penalty or fine, include a statement specifying that is the case; and 
‘‘(3) describe in detail— ‘‘(A) any actions the non-Federal person 
shall take under the covered settlement agreement in lieu of payment to the Federal Government or a State or local government; and 
‘‘(B) any payments or compensation the 
non-Federal person shall make to other non- Federal persons under the covered settle-ment agreement. 
‘‘(e) C
ONFIDENTIALITY .—The requirement to 
disclose information under subsection (d) shall apply to the extent that the informa-
tion to be disclosed (or portion thereof) is not subject to a confidentiality provision that prohibits disclosure of the information (or portion thereof). 
‘‘(f) R
EPORTING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than January 
15 of each year, the head of an Executive agency that entered into a covered settle-ment agreement or that entered into a set-tlement agreement that involves regulatory action or regulatory changes during the pre-vious fiscal year shall submit to each com-mittee of Congress with jurisdiction over the activities of the Executive agency a report indicating— 
‘‘(A) how many covered settlement agree-
ments the Executive agency entered into during that fiscal year; 
‘‘(B) how many covered settlement agree-
ments the Executive agency entered into during that fiscal year that had any terms or conditions that are required to be kept con-fidential; 
‘‘(C) how many covered settlement agree-
ments the Executive agency entered into during that fiscal year for which all terms and conditions are required to be kept con-fidential; 
‘‘(D) the total amount of attorney fees, 
costs, and expenses paid to non-Federal per-sons under settlement agreements (including consent decrees) of the Executive agency during that fiscal year; and 
‘‘(E) the number of settlement agreements 
(including consent decrees) between the Ex-ecutive agency and non-Federal persons that involve regulatory action or regulatory changes, including the promulgation of new rules, during that fiscal year. 
‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY OF REPORTS .—The head 
of an Executive agency that is required to submit a report under paragraph (1) shall make the report publicly available in a searchable format in a prominent location on the Web site of the Executive agency.’’. 
(2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 3 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘307. Information regarding settlement 
agreements.’’. 
(b) R
EVIEW OF CONFIDENTIALITY OF SETTLE -
MENT AGREEMENTS .—Not later than 6 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report regarding how Executive agencies (as defined under section 105 of title 5, United States Code) de-termine whether the terms of a settlement agreement or the existence of a settlement agreement will be treated as confidential, which shall include recommendations, if any, for legislative or administrative action to increase the transparency of Government settlements while continuing to protect the legitimate interests that confidentiality pro-visions serve. 
f 
MANDATORY PRICE REPORTING 
ACT OF 2015 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 231, H.R. 2051. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2051) to amend the Agricul-
tural Marketing Act of 1946 to extend the livestock mandatory price reporting require-ments, and for other purposes. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to con-sider the bill, which had been reported from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Sep 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.051 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6853 September 21, 2015 
the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, 
and Forestry, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Agriculture Reauthorizations Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
TITLE I—MANDATORY PRICE REPORTING 
Sec. 101. Extension of livestock mandatory re-
porting. 
Sec. 102. Swine reporting. Sec. 103. Lamb reporting. Sec. 104. Study on livestock mandatory report-
ing. 
TITLE II—NATIONAL FOREST 
FOUNDATION ACT REAUTHORIZATION 
Sec. 201. National Forest Foundation Act reau-
thorization. 
TITLE III—UNITED STATES GRAIN 
STANDARDS ACT REAUTHORIZATION 
Sec. 301. Reauthorization of United States 
Grain Standards Act. 
Sec. 302. Report on disruption in Federal in-
spection of grain exports. 
Sec. 303. Report on policy barriers to grain pro-
ducers. 
TITLE I—MANDATORY PRICE REPORTING 
SEC. 101. EXTENSION OF LIVESTOCK MANDATORY 
REPORTING. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY .—Section 260 of 
the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1636i) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 942 of 
the Livestock Mandatory Reporting Act of 1999 (7 U.S.C. 1635 note; Public Law 106–78) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. 
SEC. 102. SWINE REPORTING. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 231 of the Agricul-
tural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1635i) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (9) through 
(22) as paragraphs (10) through (23), respec-tively; 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (8) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(9) N
EGOTIATED FORMULA PURCHASE .—The 
term ‘negotiated formula purchase’ means a swine or pork market formula purchase under which— 
‘‘(A) the formula is determined by negotiation 
on a lot-by-lot basis; and 
‘‘(B) the swine are scheduled for delivery to 
the packer not later than 14 days after the date on which the formula is negotiated and swine are committed to the packer.’’; 
(3) in paragraph (12)(A) (as so redesignated), 
by inserting ‘‘negotiated formula purchase,’’ after ‘‘pork market formula purchase,’’; and 
(4) in paragraph (23) (as so redesignated)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as sub-
paragraph (E); and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following: 
‘‘(D) a negotiated formula purchase; and’’. (b) D
AILY REPORTING .—Section 232(c) of the 
Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1635j(c)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(D), by striking clause (ii) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(ii) P
RICE DISTRIBUTIONS .—The information 
published by the Secretary under clause (i) shall include— 
‘‘(I) a distribution of net prices in the range 
between and including the lowest net price and the highest net price reported; 
‘‘(II) a delineation of the number of barrows 
and gilts at each reported price level or, at the option of the Secretary, the number of barrows and gilts within each of a series of reasonable 
price bands within the range of prices; and 
‘‘(III) the total number and weighted average 
price of barrows and gilts purchased through negotiated purchases and negotiated formula purchases.’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (3), by adding at the end the 
following: 
‘‘(C) L
ATE IN THE DAY REPORT INFORMATION .— 
The Secretary shall include in the morning re-port and the afternoon report for the following day any information required to be reported under subparagraph (A) that is obtained after the time of the reporting day specified in that subparagraph.’’. 
SEC. 103. LAMB REPORTING. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture shall revise section 59.300 of title 7, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, so that— 
(1) the definition of the term ‘‘importer’’— (A) includes only those importers that im-
ported an average of 1,000 metric tons of lamb meat products per year during the immediately preceding 4 calendar years; and 
(B) may include any person that does not 
meet the requirement referred to in subpara-graph (A), if the Secretary determines that the person should be considered an importer based on their volume of lamb imports; and 
(2) the definition of the term ‘‘packer’’— (A) applies to any entity with 50 percent or 
more ownership in a facility; 
(B) includes a federally inspected lamb proc-
essing plant which slaughtered or processed the equivalent of an average of 35,000 head of lambs per year during the immediately preceding 5 cal-endar years; and 
(C) may include any other lamb processing 
plant that does not meet the requirement re-ferred to in subparagraph (B), if the Secretary determines that the processing plant should be considered a packer after considering the capac-ity of the processing plant. 
SEC. 104. STUDY ON LIVESTOCK MANDATORY RE-
PORTING. 
(a) S TUDY REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Agri-
culture, acting through the Agricultural Mar-keting Service in conjunction with the Office of the Chief Economist and in consultation with cattle, swine, and lamb producers, packers, and other market participants, shall conduct a study on the program of information regarding the marketing of cattle, swine, lambs, and products of such livestock under subtitle B of the Agricul-tural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1635 et seq.). 
(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The study shall— 
(A) analyze current marketing practices in the 
cattle, swine, and lamb markets; 
(B) identify legislative or regulatory rec-
ommendations made by cattle, swine, and lamb producers, packers, and other market partici-pants to ensure that information provided under the program— 
(i) can be readily understood by producers, 
packers, and other market participants; 
(ii) reflects current marketing practices; and (iii) is relevant and useful to producers, pack-
ers, and other market participants; 
(C) analyze the price and supply information 
reporting services of the Department of Agri-culture related to cattle, swine, and lamb; and 
(D) address any other issues that the Sec-
retary considers appropriate. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2018, 
the Secretary of Agriculture shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate a report containing the findings of the study conducted under subsection (a). 
TITLE II—NATIONAL FOREST 
FOUNDATION ACT REAUTHORIZATION 
SEC. 201. NATIONAL FOREST FOUNDATION ACT 
REAUTHORIZATION. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY TOPROVIDE  
MATCHING FUNDS FOR ADMINISTRATIVE AND  PROJECT EXPENSES .—Section 405(b) of the Na-
tional Forest Foundation Act (16 U.S.C. 583j– 3(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘for a period of five years beginning October 1, 1992’’ and inserting ‘‘during fiscal years 2016 through 2018’’. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec-
tion 410(b) of the National Forest Foundation Act (16 U.S.C. 583j–8(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘during the five-year period’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘$1,000,000 annually’’ and insert-ing ‘‘there are authorized to be appropriated $3,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2018’’. 
(c) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTIONS .— 
(1) A GENT.—Section 404 of the National Forest 
Foundation Act (16 U.S.C. 583j–2) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a)(4), by inserting ‘‘notice 
or’’ after ‘‘authorized to accept’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘under this 
paragraph’’ and inserting ‘‘by subsection (a)(4)’’. 
(2) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Section 407(b) of the Na-
tional Forest Foundation Act (16 U.S.C. 583j– 5(b)) is amended by striking the comma after ‘‘The Foundation shall’’. 
TITLE III—UNITED STATES GRAIN 
STANDARDS ACT REAUTHORIZATION 
SEC. 301. REAUTHORIZATION OF UNITED STATES 
GRAIN STANDARDS ACT. 
(a) O FFICIAL INSPECTION AND WEIGHING RE-
QUIREMENTS .— 
(1) D ISCRETIONARY WAIVER AUTHORITY .—Sec-
tion 5(a)(1) of the United States Grain Stand-ards Act (7 U.S.C. 77(a)(1)) is amended in the first proviso by striking ‘‘may waive the fore-going requirement in emergency or other cir-cumstances which would not impair the objec-tives of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘shall waive the foregoing requirement in emergency or other cir-cumstances that would not impair the objectives of this Act whenever the parties to a contract for such shipment mutually agree to the waiver and documentation of such agreement is pro-vided to the Secretary prior to shipment’’. 
(2) W
EIGHING REQUIREMENTS AT EXPORT ELE -
VATORS .—Section 5(a)(2) of the United States 
Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 77(a)(2)) is amended in the proviso by striking ‘‘intracompany shipments of grain into an ex-port elevator by any mode of transportation, grain transferred into an export elevator by transportation modes other than barge,’’ and in-serting ‘‘shipments of grain into an export ele-vator by any mode of transportation’’. 
(3) D
ISRUPTION IN GRAIN INSPECTION OR  
WEIGHING .—Section 5 of the United States Grain 
Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 77) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) D
ISRUPTION IN GRAIN INSPECTION OR  
WEIGHING .—In the case of a disruption in offi-
cial grain inspections or weighings, including if the Secretary waives the requirement for official inspection due to an emergency under sub-section (a)(1), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) immediately take such actions as are nec-
essary to address the disruption and resume in-spections or weighings; 
‘‘(2) not later than 24 hours after the start of 
the disruption in inspection or weighing, submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate a report that describes— 
‘‘(A) the disruption; and ‘‘(B) any actions necessary to address the 
concerns of the Secretary relating to the disrup-tion so that inspections or weighings may re-sume; and 
‘‘(3) once the initial report in paragraph (2) 
has been made, provide daily updates until offi-cial inspection or weighing services at the site of disruption have resumed.’’. 
(b) O
FFICIAL INSPECTION AUTHORITY AND  
FUNDING .— 
(1) D ELEGATION OF OFFICIAL INSPECTION AU -
THORITY .—Section 7(e)(2) of the United States 
Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 79(e)(2)) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Sep 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.051 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6854 September 21, 2015 
(A) by striking ‘‘(2) If the Secretary’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(2) D ELEGATION OF AUTHORITY TO STATE  
AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If the Secretary’’; 
(B) in the first sentence— (i) by striking ‘‘and (A)’’ and inserting ‘‘and 
(i)’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘or (B)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘or 
(ii)(I)’’; 
(iii) by striking ‘‘(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘(II)’’; 
and 
(iv) by striking ‘‘(iii)’’ and inserting ‘‘(III)’’; 
and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) C
ERTIFICATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Every 5 years, the Secretary 
shall certify that each State agency with a dele-gation of authority is meeting the criteria de-scribed in subsection (f)(1)(A). 
‘‘(ii) P
ROCESS .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of enactment of the Agriculture Reauthor-izations Act of 2015, the Secretary shall estab-lish a process for certification under which the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(I) publish in the Federal Register notice of 
intent to certify a State agency and provide a 30-day period for public comment; 
‘‘(II) evaluate the public comments received 
and, in accordance with paragraph (3), conduct an investigation to determine whether the State agency is qualified; 
‘‘(III) make findings based on the public com-
ments received and investigation conducted; and 
‘‘(IV) publish in the Federal Register a notice 
announcing whether the certification has been granted and describing the basis on which the Secretary made the decision. 
‘‘(C) S
TATE AGENCY REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—If a State agency that has 
been delegated authority under this paragraph intends to temporarily discontinue official in-spection or weighing services for any reason, ex-cept in the case of a major disaster, the State agency shall notify the Secretary in writing of the intention of the State agency to do so at least 72 hours in advance of the discontinuation date. 
‘‘(ii) S
ECRETARIAL CONSIDERATION .—The Sec-
retary shall consider receipt of a notice de-scribed in clause (i) as a factor in administering the delegation of authority under this para-graph.’’. 
(2) C
ONSULTATION .—Section 7(f)(1) of the 
United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 79(f)(1)) is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (A)(xi), by striking 
‘‘and’’ at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) the Secretary— ‘‘(i) periodically conducts a consultation with 
the customers of the applicant, in a manner that provides opportunity for protection of the iden-tity of the customer if desired by the customer, to review the performance of the applicant with regard to the provision of official inspection services and other requirements of this Act; and 
‘‘(ii) works with the applicant to address any 
concerns identified during the consultation process.’’. 
(3) G
EOGRAPHIC BOUNDARIES FOR OFFICIAL  
AGENCIES .— 
(A) O FFICIAL INSPECTION AUTHORITY .—Section 
7(f)(2) of the United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 79(f)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Secretary may’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘the Secretary shall allow a designated official agency to cross boundary lines to carry out inspections in another geographic area if— 
‘‘(A) the current designated official agency for 
that geographic area is unable to provide in-spection services in a timely manner; 
‘‘(B) a person requesting inspection services in 
that geographic area requests a probe inspection on a barge-lot basis; or ‘‘(C) the current official agency for that geo-
graphic area agrees in writing with the adjacent official agency to waive the current geographic area restriction at the request of the applicant for service.’’. 
(B) W
EIGHING AUTHORITY .—Section 7A(i)(2) of 
the United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 79a(i)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Secretary may’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting the following: ‘‘the Secretary shall allow a designated official agen-cy to cross boundary lines to carry out weighing in another geographic area if— 
‘‘(A) the current designated official agency for 
that geographic area is unable to provide weigh-ing services in a timely manner; or 
‘‘(B) the current official agency for that geo-
graphic area agrees in writing with the adjacent official agency to waive the current geographic area restriction at the request of the applicant for service.’’. 
(4) D
URATION OF DESIGNATION AUTHORITY .— 
Section 7(g)(1) of the United States Grain Stand-ards Act (7 U.S.C. 79(g)(1)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘triennially’’ and inserting ‘‘every 5 years’’. 
(5) F
EES.—Section 7(j) of the United States 
Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 79(j)(1)) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘(j)(1) The Secretary’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(j) F
EES.— 
‘‘(1) I NSPECTION FEES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1)— (i) the second sentence, by striking ‘‘The fees’’ 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(B) A
MOUNT OF FEES .—The fees’’; 
(ii) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘Such 
fees’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(C) U SE OF FEES .—Fees described in this 
paragraph’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) E
XPORT TONNAGE FEES .—For an official 
inspection at an export facility performed by the Secretary, the portion of the fees based on ex-port tonnage shall be based on the rolling 5-year average of export tonnage volumes.’’; 
(C) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-
graph (5); 
(D) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) A
DJUSTMENT OF FEES .—In order to main-
tain an operating reserve of not less than 3 and not more than 6 months, the Secretary shall ad-just the fees described in paragraphs (1) and (2) not less frequently than annually.’’; and 
(E) in paragraph (5) (as redesignated by sub-
paragraph (C)), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
(c) W
EIGHING AUTHORITY .—Section 7A of the 
United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 79a) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)(2), in the last sentence, by 
striking ‘‘subsection (g) of section 7’’ and insert-ing ‘‘subsections (e) and (g) of section 7’’; and 
(2) in subsection (l)— (A) by striking ‘‘(l)(1) The Secretary’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(l) F
EES.— 
‘‘(1) W EIGHING FEES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1)— (i) the second sentence, by striking ‘‘The fees’’ 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(B) A
MOUNT OF FEES .—The fees’’; 
(ii) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘Such 
fees’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(C) U SE OF FEES .—Fees described in this 
paragraph’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) E
XPORT TONNAGE FEES .—For an official 
weighing at an export facility performed by the Secretary, the portion of the fees based on ex-port tonnage shall be based on the rolling 5-year average of export tonnage volumes.’’; 
(C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); 
(D) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: ‘‘(3) A
DJUSTMENT OF FEES .—In order to main-
tain an operating reserve of not less than 3 and not more than 6 months, the Secretary shall ad-just the fees described in paragraphs (1) and (2) not less frequently than annually.’’; and 
(E) in paragraph (4) (as redesignated by sub-
paragraph (C)), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
(d) L
IMITATION AND ADMINISTRATIVE AND SU-
PERVISORY COSTS.—Section 7D of the United 
States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 79d) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
(e) I
SSUANCE OF AUTHORIZATION .—Section 8(b) 
of the United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 84(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘tri-ennially’’ and inserting ‘‘every 5 years’’. 
(f) A
PPROPRIATIONS .—Section 19 of the United 
States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 87h) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
(g) A
DVISORY COMMITTEE .—Section 21(e) of 
the United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 87j(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and insert-ing ‘‘2020’’. 
SEC. 302. REPORT ON DISRUPTION IN FEDERAL 
INSPECTION OF GRAIN EXPORTS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Agriculture of the House of Represent-atives, the Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate, and the Sub-committee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report that de-scribes— 
(1) the specific factors that led to disruption 
in Federal inspection of grain exports at the Port of Vancouver in the summer of 2014; 
(2) any factors that contributed to the disrup-
tion referred to in paragraph (1) that were unique to the Port of Vancouver, including a description of the port facility, security needs and available resources for that purpose, and any other significant factors as determined by the Secretary; and 
(3) any changes in policy that the Secretary 
has implemented to ensure that a similar disrup-tion in Federal inspection of grain exports at the Port of Vancouver or any other location does not occur in the future. 
SEC. 303. REPORT ON POLICY BARRIERS TO 
GRAIN PRODUCERS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary of Agri-culture, in consultation with the United States 
Trade Representative, shall submit to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate and the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives a report that de-scribes— 
(1) the policy barriers to United States grain 
producers in countries the grain of which re-ceives official grading in the United States but which do not offer official grading for United States grain or provide only the lowest designa-tion for United States grain, including an anal-ysis of possible inconsistencies with trade obli-gations; and 
(2) any actions the Executive Branch is taking 
to remedy the policy barriers so as to put United States grain producers on equal footing with grain producers in countries imposing the bar-riers. 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendment be agreed to, that the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Sep 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21SE6.023 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6855 September 21, 2015 
The committee amendment in the 
nature of a substitute was agreed to. 
The amendment was ordered to be 
engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. 
The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 2051), as amended, was 
passed. 
f 
CONGRATULATING CAPTAIN 
KRISTEN GRIEST AND FIRST LIEUTENANT SHAYE HAVER ON THEIR GRADUATION FROM RANGER SCHOOL 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Armed Services Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 257. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the resolution 
by title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 257) congratulating 
Captain Kristen Griest and First Lieutenant Shaye Haver on their graduation from Rang-er School. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise 
to honor and congratulate CPT Kristen Griest and 1LT Shaye Haver for their historic accomplishment of being the first two women soldiers to complete U.S. Army Ranger School and earn their highly coveted Ranger tabs. 
Earning the right to wear a Ranger 
tab is not for the faint-hearted. The rigors of the course test even the strongest service members. Many try; few succeed. 
Through their grit and determina-
tion, Captain Griest and Lieutenant Haver have demonstrated that char-acter, courage, and tenacity, not gen-der, are the hallmarks of great servicemembers and leaders. 
Just as teamwork and dedication are 
the benchmarks for military effective-ness, they are also the mandates of the U.S. Army Rangers who are tasked with our Nation’s most challenging and difficult missions. Captain Griest and Lieutenant Haver, along with their fel-low Ranger School classmates, braved the challenges and serve as role models for girls and boys—women and men—in the United States and around the world. This integrated class answered our Nation’s call to service. They stood shoulder-to-shoulder, enduring the course’s extreme mental and physical stress, together. Each carried his or her own weight, and at times the weight of others, proving that integra-tion represents not just a lofty goal, but an achievable reality. Their collec-tive and distinguished accomplish-ments embody the values of our Armed Forces and our Nation. 
The journey toward integration, how-
ever, has been hard fought. Before them, the first African Americans and women who answered the call to serv-ice laid the foundation for making in-tegration possible. These pioneers in-
herently understood the importance of their contributions to the realization of integration. They also recognized the undeniable truth that an inte-grated and balanced force is a success-ful force both on and off the battlefield. 
The effectiveness of a military unit 
is almost always determined by the co-hesion of its individual members, their dedication to the team, and their com-mitment to the mission. No individual servicemember can succeed by his or her efforts alone. Success is forged from equality and integration. 
As we celebrate Captain Griest’s and 
Lieutenant Haver’s historic and inspir-ing achievements, we express our pride and gratitude for their personal cour-age and sacrifice. I am confident that the military and our country are more battle ready as a result. I am also con-fident that Captain Griest and Lieuten-ant Haver will continue to serve with distinction as they ‘‘lead the way’’ as our Nation’s newest U.S. Army Rang-ers. As a result of their milestone achievements, they have inspired a na-tion. 
With this in mind, I am pleased to 
offer this resolution with Senators M
I-
KULSKI , A YOTTE , B ALDWIN , B OXER , 
CANTWELL , CAPITO , ERNST , FEINSTEIN , 
FISCHER , G ILLIBRAND , H EITKAMP , 
HIRONO , KLOBUCHAR , MCCASKILL , MUR-
KOWSKI , MURRAY , SHAHEEN , STABENOW , 
WARREN , P ERDUE , M URPHY , K IRK, 
TESTER , F LAKE , R EED, D ONNELLY , 
GRASSLEY , BLUMENTHAL , ISAKSON , WAR-
NER, LEAHY , FRANKEN , RUBIO, HEINRICH , 
COONS , THUNE , MERKLEY , and G ARDNER , 
honoring and recognizing the patriot-ism and historic contributions to the United States by Captain Griest and Lieutenant Haver, and extend my best wishes and heartiest congratulations. 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 257) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in the R
ECORD of September 17, 
2015, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF CALVIN G. MORET 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 260, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 260) honoring the life 
and legacy of Calvin G. Moret. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be 
laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 260) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST 
TIME—H.R. 3134 AND H.R. 3504 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I un-
derstand there are two bills at the desk, and I ask for their first reading en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bills by title for the first time. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3134) to provide for a morato-
rium on Federal funding to Planned Parent-hood Federation of America, Inc. 
A bill (H.R. 3504) to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to prohibit a health care practi-tioner from failing to exercise the proper de-gree of care in the case of a child who sur-vives an abortion or attempted abortion. 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I 
now ask for a second reading, and I ob-ject to my own request, all en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The bills will be read for the second 
time on the next legislative day. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, 
SEPTEMBER 22, 2015 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 10 a.m., Tuesday, Sep-tember 22; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 36, with the time until 11 a.m. equally divided between the two leaders or their designees. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 7:53 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, September 22, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
RICARDO A. AGUILERA, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN ASSIST-
ANT SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE, VICE LISA S. DISBROW. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Sep 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.052 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6856 September 21, 2015 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION  
SHOSHANA MIRIAM LEW, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA, TO BE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION, VICE SYLVIA I. GARCIA, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
THOMAS A. SHANNON, JR., OF VIRGINIA, A CAREER 
MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF CAREER AMBASSADOR, TO BE AN UNDER SECRETARY OF STATE (POLITICAL AFFAIRS), VICE WENDY RUTH SHER-MAN. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
JANINE ANNE DAVIDSON, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE UNDER 
SECRETARY OF THE NAVY, VICE ROBERT O. WORK, RE-SIGNED. 
LISA S. DISBROW, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE UNDER SEC-
RETARY OF THE AIR FORCE, VICE ERIC K. FANNING, RE-SIGNED. 
ERIC K. FANNING, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO 
BE SECRETARY OF THE ARMY, VICE JOHN M. MCHUGH. 
JENNIFER M. O’CONNOR, OF MARYLAND, TO BE GEN-
ERAL COUNSEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE, VICE STEPHEN WOOLMAN PRESTON, RESIGNED. 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
THE FOLLOWING–NAMED PERSONS OF THE DEPART-
MENT OF STATE FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERV-ICE OFFICERS OF THE CLASSES STATED. 
FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER OF 
CLASS ONE, CONSULAR OFFICER AND SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMER-ICA: 
JASON DOUGLAS KALBFLEISCH, OF ALASKA 
RAHIMA KANDAHARI, OF VIRGINIA 
FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER OF 
CLASS TWO, CONSULAR OFFICER AND SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: 
MARLAINA R. CASEY, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
REBECCA SCHWALBACH DALEY, OF VIRGINIA REBECCA EDWARDS, OF VIRGINIA PATRICK FENNING, OF VIRGINIA FADI A. HADDAD, OF FLORIDA ALBERT JOHN JANEK III, OF VIRGINIA DAVID H. LIBOFF, OF FLORIDA GWENDOLYN LLEWELLYN, OF VIRGINIA 
FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER OF 
CLASS THREE, CONSULAR OFFICER AND SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: 
LIDIA AVAKIAN, OF VIRGINIA 
CARRIE LYNN BASNIGHT, OF FLORIDA KARLA C. BROWN, OF CALIFORNIA TABATHA L. FAIRCLOUGH, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
KWANG H. KIM, OF FLORIDA 
FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER OF 
CLASS FOUR, CONSULAR OFFICER AND SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: 
NISHA ABRAHAM, OF TEXAS 
CLARISSA S. ADAMSON, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA MICHAEL KEITH AGNER, JR., OF FLORIDA MEGAN AHEARN, OF PENNSYLVANIA MAROOF P. AHMED, OF FLORIDA NADIA SHAIRZAY AHMED, OF VIRGINIA AAMIR ALAVI, OF CALIFORNIA DANA O. AL–EBRAHIM, OF PENNSYLVANIA DRU ALEJANDRO, OF FLORIDA BETH M. ANDONOV, OF NEVADA BRIAN DAVID ASCHER, OF FLORIDA NATHANIEL F. AUSTIN, OF WASHINGTON OSCAR D. AVILA, OF FLORIDA KALA CARRUTHERS AZAR, OF VIRGINIA JONATHAN BAAS, OF ARIZONA ANDREW C. BAKER, OF CALIFORNIA ANNA L. BALOGH, OF MASSACHUSETTS SARAH S. BANERJEE, OF WASHINGTON FRANCESCO CARLO BARBACCI, OF VIRGINIA ZACHARY ISAAC BARTER, OF COLORADO ANDREW BARWIG, OF COLORADO NICOLE C. BAYER, OF CALIFORNIA CALEB DANIEL BECKER, OF TEXAS BRANISLAVA BELL, OF NORTH CAROLINA ANNIKA R. BETANCOURT, OF CONNECTICUT BRIDGET K. BINDER, OF MARYLAND SHAILAJA BISTA, OF GEORGIA D. JAMES BJORKMAN, OF UTAH BRIDGET BLAGOEVSKI–TRAZOFF, OF NEW YORK RICHMOND PAUL BLAKE, OF PENNSYLVANIA JOSHUA AARON BLANC SMITH, OF CALIFORNIA SEAN DANIEL BODA, OF FLORIDA MATTHEW ANTHONY BOULLIOUN, OF CALIFORNIA MICHAEL DAVIDSON BOVEN, OF MICHIGAN ROYCE MELBERT BRANCH II, OF TEXAS BRIAN JAMES BREUHAUS, OF NEW YORK LASEAN WADE BROWN, OF GEORGIA CAROLINE R. BUDDENHAGEN, OF FLORIDA TIMOTHY JAMES BUGANSKY, OF OHIO KEVIN J. BURGWINKLE, OF VIRGINIA LAURA ALLISON BURNS, OF FLORIDA ANDREW GEORGE BURY III, OF VIRGINIA JOHN W. BUSH II, OF FLORIDA CYNTHIA ROCHELLE CAPLAN, OF CALIFORNIA THERESA ANN CARPENTER SONDJO, OF MARYLAND YANCY W. CARUTHERS, OF MISSOURI JEFFREY PHILIP CERNYAR, OF TEXAS DEAN I. CHANG, OF PENNSYLVANIA ERICA CECILIA CHIUSANO, OF CALIFORNIA GRACE WOORI CHOI, OF CALIFORNIA YUSHIN CHOI, OF CALIFORNIA MICHAEL CHOI, OF NEW YORK 
ROGER VINCENT CHUANG, OF CALIFORNIA D. MARKO CIMBALJEVICH, OF INDIANA SHOSHAUNA A. CLARK, OF COLORADO VANESSA D. COLON, OF TEXAS NATHAN J. COOPER, OF CALIFORNIA JESSI MARIE COPELAND, OF VIRGINIA ELISE S. CRANE, OF COLORADO IAN CRAWFORD, OF VIRGINIA REID MILLER CREEDON, OF MICHIGAN CATHERINE CROFT, OF WASHINGTON RYAN ELIZABETH CROWLEY, OF MARYLAND CHAD SPENCER CRYDER, OF INDIANA CHANSONETTA C. CUMMINGS, OF VIRGINIA DAVID JUDE CUMMINGS, OF COLORADO ANDREW A. DAEHNE, OF TEXAS EDWARD FRANCIS DANOWITZ III, OF GEORGIA CYNTHIA C. DAVILA, OF CALIFORNIA STEWART E. DAVIS, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JENNIFER L. DENHARD, OF FLORIDA ANDREW R. DEVLIN, OF VIRGINIA CINDY MARIE DIOUF, OF SOUTH DAKOTA DAISY A. DIX, OF VIRGINIA DUSTIN DOCKIEWICZ, OF CALIFORNIA ANDREW HARRINGTON DOEHLER, OF MARYLAND CHRISTY S. DOHERTY, OF VIRGINIA KIRK EDWARD DONAHOE, OF PENNSYLVANIA CLARE E. DOWDLE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA RICHARD L. DUBOIS III, OF KANSAS MICHAEL DUBRAY, OF CALIFORNIA KARL DUCKWORTH, OF PENNSYLVANIA ANDREW WEBER DUFF, OF VIRGINIA SUSAN L. DUNATHAN, OF WASHINGTON NAKASHIA CHERISE DUNNER, OF SOUTH CAROLINA ANNA DUPONT, OF NEW YORK SANDRA L. DUPUY, OF FLORIDA JOSEPH R. DURAN, OF OKLAHOMA JOEL DYLHOFF, OF ILLINOIS HANNAH EAGLETON, OF MINNESOTA DERRICK EDUARD ECKARDT, OF INDIANA TIMOTHY R. EDGE, OF CALIFORNIA 
KRISTEN MICHELLE EDIANN SMART, OF THE DISTRICT 
OF COLUMBIA 
AMY ELIZABETH EICHENBERG, OF MICHIGAN WREN S. ELHAI, OF VIRGINIA GAVIN TOLLEFSEN ELLIOTT, OF CALIFORNIA CHRISTOPHER CHARLES ELLIS, OF OREGON MARY K. FANOUS, OF FLORIDA CHRISTOPHER R. FARLOW, OF FLORIDA JESSICA T. FARMER, OF MAINE MARTHA C. FARNSWORTH, OF CONNECTICUT BILAL FARUQI, OF NEW YORK CHARLES A. FEE, OF WASHINGTON MICHAEL JARED FELDMAN, OF MARYLAND JAMES P. FELDMAYER, OF VIRGINIA DANIEL D. FENECH, OF TEXAS BETH RUSHFORD FERNALD, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE LIAM E. FITZGERALD, OF VIRGINIA SHARYN C. FITZGERALD, OF VIRGINIA ROBERT WILLIAM FOLLEY, OF WISCONSIN AMIRA A. FOUAD, OF CALIFORNIA ADAM EDWIN FOX, OF IOWA SACHA FRAITURE, OF MARYLAND DAVID C. FREEMAN, OF VIRGINIA DAVID FREITAS, OF CALIFORNIA KATHERINE B. G. TARR, OF TEXAS GREGORY ROBERT GAEDE, OF CALIFORNIA JASON HOWARD GALLIAN, OF UTAH EDUARDO GARCIA, OF TEXAS NICHOLAS B. GEISINGER, OF VIRGINIA LAUREN M. GIBSON, OF MARYLAND BRIAN A. GILLESPIE, OF TENNESSEE DARROW SLADE GODESKI MERTON, OF NEW YORK TRACI L. GOINS, OF FLORIDA KESHAV GOPINATH, OF CALIFORNIA KAM J. GORDON, OF UTAH NICHOLAS GRAY, OF WISCONSIN LUKE S. GREICIUS, OF NEW YORK KAY TRENHOLME HAIRSTON, OF VIRGINIA ALEXANDER FERRELL HALL, OF WASHINGTON JOHN RICHARD HALL, OF TEXAS BARBARA HALL, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JASON DAMON HALLECK, OF CALIFORNIA JAMES NOEL HAMILTON, OF WASHINGTON HAMMAD BASSAM HAMMAD, OF CALIFORNIA JEFFREY HANLEY, OF PENNSYLVANIA MICHAEL HARKER, OF NORTH CAROLINA BRENDAN J. HARLEY, OF PENNSYLVANIA MARY K. HARRINGTON, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE JENNIFER ANNE–MARIE HARWOOD, OF MARYLAND AMAL MOUSSAOUI HAYNES, OF NEW YORK KARLENE M. HENNINGER FRELICH, OF FLORIDA YASMEEN HIBRAWI, OF CALIFORNIA CARLTON JEROME HICKS, OF VIRGINIA ALLEN C. HODGES, OF WASHINGTON CHRISTIANA MICHELLE HOLLIS, OF FLORIDA REID STEVENSON HOWELL, OF OREGON MAIETA HOWZE, OF NEW YORK RICHARD DANIEL HUGHES, OF NEW YORK JONATHAN HWANG, OF CALIFORNIA ADAEZE J. IGWE, OF TEXAS KUMI T. IKEDA, OF CALIFORNIA AMIRAH TAREK ISMAIL, OF VIRGINIA AARON THEODORE JACKSON, OF CALIFORNIA DANIEL ALEXANDER JACOBS–NHAN, OF GEORGIA KARI L. JAKSA, OF MICHIGAN JESSICA LYNN JARCEV, OF WASHINGTON JOSANDA EVELYN JINNETTE, OF TEXAS JOO WEON JOHN PARK, OF VIRGINIA ELVIN JOHN, OF TEXAS DOUGLAS MAYES JOHNSON, OF ARIZONA NADINE FARID JOHNSON, OF WASHINGTON ALLISON BARR JONES, OF MAINE BRITT JAMISON JONES, OF NORTH CAROLINA DAVID JOSAR, OF PENNSYLVANIA BARRY H. JUNKER, OF SOUTH DAKOTA JAMES JOSEPH KANIA, OF NEW JERSEY RISHI KAPOOR, OF VIRGINIA 
ASHOK KAUL, OF NEVADA KAMILAH MARESSA KEITH, OF GEORGIA DERELL KENNEDO, OF TEXAS JULIA HARTT KENTNOR CORBY, OF ARIZONA GEOFFREY L. KEOGH, OF TEXAS PHILIP R. KERN, OF WYOMING AAMER ALAM KHAN, OF NEW JERSEY UZMA FATIMAH KHAN, OF NORTH CAROLINA MIRA J. KIM, OF ILLINOIS JUSTIN KIMMONS–GILBERT, OF TEXAS CHELSEA M. KINSMAN, OF NEW YORK JENNIFER S. KLARMAN, OF FLORIDA JOHN C. KNETTLES, OF WASHINGTON VALERIE KNOBELSDORF, OF VIRGINIA KEVIN J. KOCHER, OF FLORIDA AHMED KOKON, OF NEW YORK KENNETH KOSAKOWSKI, OF FLORIDA JAN JERRY KRASNY, OF FLORIDA ARIANA KROSHINSKY, OF NEW YORK CHANANYA KUNVATANAGARN, OF PENNSYLVANIA MATTHEW H. KUSTEL, OF CALIFORNIA KAREN ANN KUZIS MEYER, OF WASHINGTON VALERIE A. LABOY, OF TEXAS MICHAEL W. LACYK, OF CALIFORNIA BORCHIEN LAI, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JEFFREY R. LAKSHAS, OF WASHINGTON JIN–FONG YASUO LAM, OF FLORIDA MATTHEW COURTNEY LAMM, OF WASHINGTON RENEE LYNN LARIVIERE, OF VERMONT BENJAMIN ISAAC LAZARUS, OF NORTH CAROLINA BENEY JUHYON LEE, OF WASHINGTON DANIEL K. LEE, OF CALIFORNIA SCOTT T. LEO, OF CONNECTICUT KRISTINA LESZCZAK, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA STEVE DAVIS LEU, OF CALIFORNIA KUAN–WEN LIAO, OF NEW YORK SHANNON LIBURD, OF NEW YORK JOSEPH KUO LIN, OF CALIFORNIA DAVID LINFIELD, OF FLORIDA ALLISON WERNER LISTERMAN, OF NORTH CAROLINA 
JEREMY PAUL LITTLE, OF WASHINGTON PETER ALBERT LOSSAU, OF FLORIDA MY LU, OF CALIFORNIA JACLYN LUO, OF TEXAS JOSHUA HOWARD LUSTIG, OF MARYLAND JENNIFER L. MAATTA, OF WASHINGTON EWAN JOHN MACDOUGALL, OF NEW YORK DANIEL P. MADAR, OF SOUTH CAROLINA MATTHEW A. MALONE, OF MARYLAND CRISTOPH ALEXIS MARK, OF CALIFORNIA DAN MARK, OF WASHINGTON DOREEN VAILLANCOURT MARONEY, OF MARYLAND THOMAS PATRICK MAROTTA, OF FLORIDA TRACY MARTIN, OF NEW YORK MARY RODEGHIER MARTIN, OF FLORIDA CATHERINE LIND MATHES, OF KANSAS BRIAN AARON MATTYS, OF NEW YORK PAUL A. MCDERMOTT, OF TEXAS KRISTINE R. MCELWEE, OF OREGON TODD MICHAEL MCGEE, OF FLORIDA KARL W. MCNAMARA, OF SOUTH DAKOTA DAVID MCWILLIAMS, OF TEXAS LAUREN ALEXANDRIA MEEHLING, OF ARIZONA REAZ MEHDI, OF VIRGINIA KRISTIN ASHLEY MENCER, OF TENNESSEE RACHEL ATWOOD MENDIOLA, OF NORTH DAKOTA SAUL MERCADO, OF NEW YORK SHANNON M. MERLO, OF VIRGINIA LITAH NICOLE MILLER, OF MISSOURI RYAN S. MILLER, OF OHIO SETH ADAM MILLER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CHAD GREGORY MINER, OF LOUISIANA KYLE JOHN MISSBACH, OF TEXAS MICHAEL JOHN MITCHELL, OF MINNESOTA HOMEYRA NAVEEN MOKHTARZADA, OF THE DISTRICT OF 
COLUMBIA 
CHARLES L. MONTGOMERY, OF CALIFORNIA EVAN MORRISEY, OF WASHINGTON SCOTT E. MURPHY, OF VIRGINIA NINA MURRAY, OF NEBRASKA ALI J. NADIR, OF NEW YORK KERRIE ANN NANNI, OF TEXAS JOSEPH JOHN NARUS, OF OREGON CRISTINA MARIE NARVAEZ, OF FLORIDA MEGAN JOHNSON NAYLOR, OF TEXAS WILLIAM E. O’BRYAN, OF NEBRASKA RACHEL MARIE O’HARA, OF MARYLAND RACHEL OREOLUWA OKUNUBI, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-
LUMBIA 
AMBER M. OLIVA, OF ALASKA MARK GEORGE OSWALD, OF OREGON DIANNA PALEQUIN, OF MICHIGAN DAVID TODD PANETTI, OF MINNESOTA JASON LEE PARK, OF NEW JERSEY TYLER J. PARTRIDGE, OF ARIZONA LEONARD K. PAYNE IV, OF FLORIDA CASSANDRA J. PAYTON, OF FLORIDA MEGAN MCCRORY PEILER, OF VIRGINIA MIGAEL S. PENIX, OF NORTH CAROLINA AMY PETERSEN, OF TEXAS NATALIE L. PETERSON, OF OHIO SHANNON ELISABETH PETRY, OF TEXAS ROBERT MATTHEW PICKETT, OF OREGON BRANDON NOBLE PIERCE, OF FLORIDA MATTHEW COLE PIERSON, OF VIRGINIA LISA N. PODOLNY, OF FLORIDA KEVIN C. PRICE, OF VIRGINIA LAURA QUINN, OF NEW YORK HEDAYAT KHALIL RAFIQZAD, OF VIRGINIA CHRISTOPHER RAINS, OF CALIFORNIA BAHRAM M. RAJAEE, OF DELAWARE AMANJIT RAMESH, OF VIRGINIA SHANKAR RAO, OF CALIFORNIA KEDENARD MADEILLE RAYMOND, OF MARYLAND JUSTIN REID, OF CALIFORNIA JAMES PATRICK REIDY, OF TEXAS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Sep 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A21SE6.002 S21SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6857 September 21, 2015 
REBECCA RESNIK, OF MARYLAND 
SALINA RICO, OF CALIFORNIA ARMANDO DIEGO RIVERA, OF ARIZONA JOHN TIMOTHY ROBBINS, OF TEXAS KAHINA MILDRANA ROBINSON, OF CALIFORNIA 
SEAN WILLIAM ROBINSON, OF FLORIDA THAD W. ROSS, OF IDAHO SAMUEL J. ROTENBERG, OF NEW YORK JOHN RUNKLE, OF WASHINGTON EMILY ANNE RUPPEL, OF MINNESOTA RAOUL A. RUSSELL, OF TENNESSEE JOHN JACOB RUTHERFORD IV, OF CALIFORNIA WILLIAM C. SANDS, OF TEXAS SCOTT R. SANFORD, OF WYOMING JOHN DAVID SARRAF, OF PENNSYLVANIA BRIAN J. SAWICH, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE GEORGE A. SCHAAL, OF ARIZONA JOANNA M. SCHENKE, OF TEXAS CHRISTOPHER SCHIRM, OF ARIZONA MIRIAM S. SCHIVE, OF MARYLAND STEPHANIE LAURA SCHMID, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-
LUMBIA 
CURTIS L. SCHMUCKER, OF FLORIDA GARY SCHUMANN, OF FLORIDA MATTHEW WILLIAM SCRANTON, OF DELAWARE MONICA M. SENDOR, OF NORTH CAROLINA SHEILA TAYLOR SHAMBER, OF FLORIDA JAMES JONAS SHEA, OF MARYLAND ALEXANDRA G. SHEMA, OF VIRGINIA MARY ANN SHEPHERD, OF COLORADO TIMOTHY SHRIVER, OF IOWA SHANE A. SIEGEL, OF NEW YORK JEFFREY HANCOCK SILLIN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
JOAN LOUISE SIMON BARTHOLOMAUS, OF WASHINGTON LEE JAMES SKLUZAK, OF VIRGINIA BENJAMIN J. SMITH, OF ARIZONA CHRISTOPHER FREDERIC SMITH, OF TEXAS MARISSA L. SMITH, OF ARIZONA RACHEL ELIZABETH SMITH, OF CALIFORNIA SEAN ROBERT SMITH, OF PENNSYLVANIA LACHLYN M. SOPER, OF TEXAS JULIANA AURELIA SPAVEN, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-
LUMBIA 
SILVIA FREYRE SPRING, OF MARYLAND PAUL A. ST. PIERRE II, OF TENNESSEE GREGORY S. STAFF, OF VIRGINIA EVAN ROBERT STANLEY, OF FLORIDA ANDREW STAPLES, OF WASHINGTON JUSTIN JAMES STECKLEY, OF FLORIDA ADAM T. STEVENS, OF CONNECTICUT JACOB DARYL STEVENS, OF WASHINGTON KARYN M. STOVALL, OF ILLINOIS LUCIJA BAJZER STRALEY, OF MINNESOTA ELISABETH CORBIN STRATTON, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-
LUMBIA 
TRACY M. STRAUCH, OF VIRGINIA MARY M. STREETZEL, OF FLORIDA AKASH R. SURI, OF CALIFORNIA BENJAMIN ANDRI SWANSON, OF SOUTH DAKOTA SARAH HOWE SWATZBURG, OF NEVADA SANDY A. SWITZER, OF CALIFORNIA CODY W. SWYER, OF CALIFORNIA TINA K. TAKAGI, OF CALIFORNIA KAREN TANG, OF VIRGINIA SHAWN TENBRINK, OF OHIO JOHN THOMPSON, OF TEXAS 
SEAN ANDREW THOMPSON, OF WASHINGTON BRIAN ANDREW TIMM–BROCK, OF MARYLAND TAYLOR C. TINNEY, OF FLORIDA LESLIE M. TOKIWA, OF CALIFORNIA GREGORY VINSON TOLLE, OF VIRGINIA J. BARRETT TRAVIS, OF TEXAS AARON CHAUNCEY TRUAX, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE KARL EVAN TRUNK, OF WASHINGTON CAITLIN JANE TUMULTY, OF MASSACHUSETTS OLGA TUNGA, OF TEXAS WILLIAM DAVID TUNGETT FROST, OF KENTUCKY NICHOLAS TYNER, OF MASSACHUSETTS DAVID MARK URBIA, OF MINNESOTA ANNE M. VASQUEZ, OF FLORIDA KARINA A. VERAS, OF NEW YORK CHARLES F. VETTER, OF TEXAS NHU VU, OF CALIFORNIA VANJA VUKOTA, OF FLORIDA PERSIA WALKER, OF CALIFORNIA CYNTHIA H. WANG, OF CALIFORNIA RONALD P. WARD, OF FLORIDA JEFFREY M. WARNER, OF NEVADA EILEEN WEDEL, OF FLORIDA REBECCA WEIDNER, OF VIRGINIA NELSON H. WEN, OF TEXAS KEITH E. WEST, OF FLORIDA ELIZABETH ANNE WEWERKA, OF FLORIDA EMILY BUTLER WHITE, OF CALIFORNIA ASHLEY M. WHITE, OF OHIO ZAINABU ZAWADI WILLIAMS, OF MARYLAND ERIC MICHAEL WILSON, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ANDREW G. WINKELMAN, OF NORTH CAROLINA KEVIN JAMES WITTENBERGER, OF FLORIDA COURTNEY J. WOODS, OF ARKANSAS ANDREW J. WYLIE, OF FLORIDA STALLION EASE YANG, OF CALIFORNIA 
HYUN YOON, OF FLORIDA DENISE ROSALIND ZAVRAS, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
LU ZHOU, OF CALIFORNIA MICHELLE ZIA, OF VIRGINIA MATTHEW H. ZIEMS, OF ILLINOIS YETTA JOY ZIOLKOWSKI, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA RAFAELA ZUIDEMA–BLOMFIELD, OF PENNSYLVANIA 
THE FOLLOWING–NAMED PERSON OF THE DEPART-
MENT OF STATE FOR APPOINTMENT AS A FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER OF THE CLASS STATED: 
FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER OF CLASS FOUR, CON-
SULAR OFFICER AND SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, EFFEC-TIVE JULY 6, 2010: 
DERRIN RAY SMITH, OF FLORIDA 
THE FOLLOWING–NAMED CAREER MEMBER OF THE 
FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE FOR PROMOTION WITHIN THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE TO THE CLASS INDICATED: 
CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE 
OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER–COUNSELOR: 
STUART MACKENZIE HATCHER, OF VIRGINIA 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND 
RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. DAVID D. HALVERSON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. KENNETH R. DAHL 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY VETERINARY CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 3064 AND 3084: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. ERIK H. TORRING III 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. THOMAS S. VANDAL 
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. VALERIA GONZALEZ–KERR 
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JOHN J. MORRIS 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203(A): 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. ANDREW S. MCKINLEY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD TO THE GRADE IN-DICATED UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 271(E): 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPTAIN MATTHEW T. BELL CAPTAIN MELISSA BERT CAPTAIN DAVID M. DERMANELIAN CAPTAIN ROBERT P. HAYES CAPTAIN ANDREW J. TIONGSON CAPTAIN ANTHONY J. VOGT 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\RECORD15\SEP 15\S21SE5.REC S21SE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1331 September 21, 2015 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-
tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, Sep-
tember 22, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s record. 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
SEPTEMBER 23 
11 a.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and 
Federal Management 
To hold hearings to examine the use of 
agency regulatory guidance. 
SD–342 
SEPTEMBER 24 
2:30 p.m. 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To hold hearings to examine certain in-
telligence matters. 
SH–216 SEPTEMBER 30 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Subcommittee on Federal Spending Over-
sight and Emergency Management 
To hold hearings to examine end of the 
year spending. 
SD–342 
OCTOBER 1 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine the procure-
ment, acquisition, testing, and over-sight of the Navy’s Gerald R. Ford -class 
aircraft carrier program. 
SD–G50 
2 p.m. 
Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Immigration and the Na-
tional Interest 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Administration’s FY 2016 refugee resettlement program, including fiscal and security implications. 
SD–226 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Sep 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M21SE8.000 E21SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D995 Monday, September 21, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6821–S6857 
Measures Introduced: Two bills and one resolution 
were introduced, as follows: S. 2061–2062, and S. Res. 260.
                                                                        Page S6849 
Measures Reported: 
H.R. 623, to amend the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 to authorize the Department of Homeland Security to establish a social media working group, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–145)
                                                Page S6849 
Measures Passed: 
Truth in Settlements Act: Senate passed S. 1109, 
to require adequate information regarding the tax treatment of payments under settlement agreements entered into by Federal agencies, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S6851–52 
Lankford (for Vitter) Amendment No. 2668, to 
apply the disclosure requirements to settlements be-tween agencies and private entities and require infor-mation regarding the use of funds collected under settlement agreements.
                                   Pages S6851–52 
Mandatory Price Reporting Act: Senate passed 
H.R. 2051, to amend the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 to extend the livestock mandatory price reporting requirements, after agreeing to the com-mittee amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                                                    Pages S6852–55 
Congratulating Captain Kristen Griest and 
First Lieutenant Shaye Haver: Committee on 
Armed Services was discharged from further consid-eration of S. Res. 257, congratulating Captain Kristen Griest and First Lieutenant Shaye Haver on their graduation from Ranger School, and the resolu-tion was then agreed to.
                                        Page S6855 
Honoring the Life of Calvin G. Moret: Senate 
agreed to S. Res. 260, honoring the life and legacy of Calvin G. Moret.
                                                  Page S6855 
Measures Considered: 
Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act— 
Agreement : Senate resumed consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 36, to 
amend title 18, United States Code, to protect pain- capable unborn children.
                                Pages S6822–47 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, September 22, 2015, with the time until 11 a.m. equally divided between the two Leaders, or their designees.
                                   Page S6855 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Ricardo A. Aguilera, of Virginia, to be an Assist-
ant Secretary of the Air Force. 
Shoshana Miriam Lew, of the District of Colum-
bia, to be Chief Financial Officer, Department of Transportation. 
Thomas A. Shannon, Jr., of Virginia, to be an 
Under Secretary of State (Political Affairs). 
Janine Anne Davidson, of Virginia, to be Under 
Secretary of the Navy. 
Lisa S. Disbrow, of Virginia, to be Under Sec-
retary of the Air Force. 
Eric K. Fanning, of the District of Columbia, to 
be Secretary of the Army. 
Jennifer M. O’Connor, of Maryland, to be General 
Counsel of the Department of Defense. 
6 Army nominations in the rank of general. 7 Coast Guard nominations in the rank of admi-
ral. 
A routine list in the Foreign Service. 
                                                                                    Pages S6855–57 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S6849 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S6849 
Measures Read the First Time:       Pages S6849, S6855 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S6849 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S6849–50 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S6850–51 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S6848 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S6851 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Sep 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21SE5.REC D21SEPT1smartinez on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D996 September 21, 2015 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 2 p.m. and ad-
journed at 7:53 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, Sep-tember 22, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-
marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6855.) Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House 
is scheduled to meet in a Pro Forma session at 4 p.m. on Tuesday, September 22, 2015. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, 
SEPTEMBER 22, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
United States Middle East policy, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-
ine the nomination of Susan Coppedge Amato, of Geor-gia, to be Director of the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking, with the rank of Ambassador at Large, De-partment of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
to hold hearings to examine improving VA account-ability, focusing on examining first-hand accounts of De-partment of Veterans Affairs whistleblowers, 9:30 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Judiciary: Subcommittee on Antitrust, 
Competition Policy and Consumer Rights, to hold hear-ings to examine consolidation in the health insurance in-dustry and its impact on consumers, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-
ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of September 22 through September 25, 
2015 
Senate Chamber 
On Tuesday , at 10 a.m., Senate will continue con-
sideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 36, Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, with a vote on the motion to invoke cloture thereon at approximately 11 a.m. 
During the balance of the week, Senate may con-
sider any cleared legislative and executive business. 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Armed Services: September 22, to hold hear-
ings to examine United States Middle East policy, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: September 22, to hold 
hearings to examine the nomination of Susan Coppedge Amato, of Georgia, to be Director of the Office to Mon-itor and Combat Trafficking, with the rank of Ambas-sador at Large, Department of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
September 22, to hold hearings to examine improving VA accountability, focusing on examining first-hand ac-counts of Department of Veterans Affairs whistleblowers, 9:30 a.m., SD–342. 
September 23, Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs 
and Federal Management, to hold hearings to examine the use of agency regulatory guidance, 11 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Judiciary: September 22, Subcommittee on 
Antitrust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights, to hold hearings to examine consolidation in the health in-surance industry and its impact on consumers, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: September 22, to receive 
a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
September 24, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–216. 
House Committees 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, September 25, Sub-
committee on Communications and Technology, hearing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Sep 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21SE5.REC D21SEPT1smartinez on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D997 September 21, 2015 
entitled ‘‘Broadcasting Ownership in the 21st Century’’, 
9 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
September 25, Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufac-
turing, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Hearing on VIN Database and Auto Whistleblower Bills’’, 9:15 
a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Sep 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21SE5.REC D21SEPT1smartinez on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD998 September 21, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Tuesday, September 22 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 36, Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, with a vote on the motion to invoke cloture thereon at approxi-mately 11 a.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
4 p.m., Tuesday, September 22 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: The House is scheduled to meet 
in a Pro Forma session at 4 p.m. on Tuesday, September 22, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Sep 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D21SE5.REC D21SEPT1smartinez on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST