Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H4385 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JUNE 16, 2015 No. 96 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
June 16, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable R ANDY  
HULTGREN to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
RICHARD ALBERO’S 1,150-MILE 
WALK 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. J
OLLY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize a man who has literally walked the walk in support of our Na-tion’s wounded warriors. 
Mr. Speaker, 65-year-old Richard 
Albero, a former Naval officer and math teacher from Dunedin, Florida, recently completed an 86-day, 1,150- mile walk from home plate at Steinbrenner Field in Tampa during a spring training game to home plate at Yankee Stadium in New York City. He 
did so to honor his fallen nephew. Rich-ard’s nephew, Gary, worked at the World Trade Center and lost his life in the 9/11 attacks. 
In addition to honoring his nephew, 
Richard also chose to do something very special. He walked to raise money for the Wounded Warrior Project. His goal was to raise $25,000. 
During Richard’s trek up the East 
Coast, which began on March 2, he went through six pairs of shoes. He suf-fered blisters on his feet and traveled over countless hills and endured the many elements, yet Richard never gave up. 
Very recently, just a few weeks ago, 
he completed his walk, arriving at Yankee Stadium to a cheering crowd. Along the way, Richard blew past his goal for raising money and raised $55,000 for the Wounded Warrior Project. 
Mr. Speaker, Richard’s nephew would 
be most proud and the Members of this body should be most proud as well as we reflect on and remember those who lost their lives and those who pay trib-ute to them today, those like Richard Albero. 
May God bless Mr. Albero. May God 
bless our men and women in uniform who protect us each and every day. And may God bless these United States. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION FUNDING 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, 
there is a tremendous crisis facing America, but it is not one you hear much about on Capitol Hill. It is kill-ing hundreds of people a year, injuring thousands more. It is crippling Amer-ica’s global standing, as we have fallen in the world ranking from number 1 down to 27 and falling further. It is having a profound effect on our global 
economic competitiveness, while cost-ing American families hundreds of dol-lars a year in extra expenses. 
Of course, it is complicating the lives 
of American business and families by losing millions of hours that otherwise could be put to productive work, at ex-ercise, or with their families, and on the job. 
If it were any other subject, there 
would be cries of outrage and alarm and calls for action. You would see a flurry of action here on Capitol Hill. 
Sadly, this decline, this cost, this 
damage is the result of our very real infrastructure crisis, a crisis to which Congress has been indifferent at best and negligent at worse. 
Despite countless examples of the 
crying need for infrastructure invest-ment, Congress has been paralyzed, trying to pay for 2015 costs of infra-structure with 1993 dollars. Congress has not taken any systematic action since 1993, and the time has long since passed for action. 
Thirty-three short-term extensions 
of transportation finance is not a sub-stitute for action. No nation became great building its infrastructure 9 months at a time. 
To be fair, there are people on Cap-
itol Hill who do care about this and have proposed action: 
My friend and colleague P
ETER DEFA-
ZIO, the ranking member on the Trans-
portation and Infrastructure Com-mittee, has proposed a barrel tax on pe-troleum. He has proposed a financial fee on transactions, both of which would go a long way toward solving this problem. 
My Ways and Means colleagues J
IM 
RENACCI and B ILLPASCRELL have pro-
posed a mechanism that would be a failsafe, that if Congress didn’t act to fund infrastructure, the gas tax would be indexed and increased. 
Our Maryland colleague J
OHN 
DELANEY has identified vast sums of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN7.000 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4386 June 16, 2015 
corporate money parked overseas that 
could be made available for infrastruc-ture investment in the United States if it were returned for that purpose. 
And I have proposed, along with two 
dozen of my colleagues, that we simply bite the bullet and do what Ronald Reagan did in 1992—raise the gas tax for the 1st time in 22 years. 
When I introduced this proposal in 
this Congress, it was supported by the widest array of groups on any major contested issue on Capitol Hill. It was supported by the top echelons of busi-ness, of organized labor, of the building trades, construction companies, local government, transit, bicycles, truck-ers, AAA, all in alignment that Con-gress should step up and remedy this situation. 
There are solutions. There are people 
who think about it. We need to have the same level of courage and urgency that has been shown by people at the State and local level where they don’t have the luxury of living in a Capitol Hill bubble. They have to deal with the consequences, and they have stepped up, 19 States since 2012—in fact, 6 States already this year. Idaho, Utah, Iowa, South Dakota, Nebraska, and Georgia, deep red States, have all raised the gas tax in 2015. 
I am pleased that tomorrow the Ways 
and Means Committee will have its first hearing on transportation finance in the 56 months since my Republican colleagues took over. It is no sub-stitute for Congress rolling up its sleeves and acting, but it is an impor-tant start. And I hope it will signify a full-court press in that committee to finally get down to cases and solve this problem. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT 
A message in writing from the Presi-
dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Ms. Wanda Neiman, one of his secretaries. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 8 min-
utes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Loving God, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. 
Guide the Members of this people’s 
House with the spirit of understanding, which might lead them to their best judgment. We live in a world of human 
failure and broken promises; may they be tolerant of the faults of others be-cause they are aware of their own shortcomings. 
Bless all with a quiet respect for the 
diversity of opinions to be found here. Through honest dialogue and contem-plative listening, may Your servants search all the avenues open to them to meet today’s challenges with integrity and justice. 
May all that is done be for Your 
greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to 
clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The SPEAKER. The question is on 
the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I object to 
the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, 
rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
The point of no quorum is considered 
withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania (Mr. T HOMPSON ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania led 
the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-
tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
HOLDING THE PRESIDENT 
ACCOUNTABLE ON TRADE 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, last week, 
the House approved part of a legisla-tive package on trade promotion au-thority, or TPA. 
There have been many 
mischaracterizations of what TPA is. Every day I hear from constituents who want me to hold President Obama accountable. Well, TPA does just that by providing accountability to the 
President’s trade negotiation efforts through enhanced congressional over-sight and additional transparency. The allegations that TPA is something for President Obama is false. 
It is important to recognize that 
more than 95 percent of the world’s customers live beyond U.S. borders, and 1.2 million jobs in North Carolina rely on trade with them. Trade-related employment in North Carolina grew 3.8 times faster than total State employ-ment from 2004 to 2013. 
While I heard many different perspec-
tives on TPA from my constituents, the argument from North Carolina families, farmers, and employers that negotiating these trade agreements is in the economic best interest of our State was a deciding factor for my vote 
in favor of TPA. 
f 
REBUILDING OUR NATION’S 
INFRASTRUCTURE 
(Mr. KILDEE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, it is long 
past time for Congress to come to-gether and pass a bold, bipartisan plan to rebuild our Nation’s infrastructure. 
Right now, China is spending 10 
times as a percentage of GDP what we are on infrastructure. They are making huge investments in roads, bridges, ports, and rail. Meanwhile, Congress has simply not acted to put us on a competitive path in this global econ-omy. 
Now, a lot of debate has occurred 
here in the last weeks and days about our position in global trade, and we should have a trade deal that protects American jobs. 
Meanwhile, what are we doing about 
China outspending us on infrastruc-ture, which makes us less competitive? How are we supposed to compete with them when we haven’t done anything to deal with our crumbling roads and bridges that are essential to making our manufacturers competitive in de-livering their products to market? 
It is time for bold action, big action 
on infrastructure, like the development of a national infrastructure bank that would leverage public capital with pri-vate capital to rebuild our crumbling roads and bridges. 
Mr. Speaker, it is long past time for 
action. There is bipartisan support for this. We need to bring a big infrastruc-ture bill to the floor of the House. 
f 
MAJORITY OF PENNSYLVANIANS 
SUPPORT HYDRAULIC FRAC-TURING 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, a recent poll conducted by Robert Morris University reveals that 57.1 percent of Pennsylvanians support natural gas production and hy-draulic fracturing, with nearly half 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.004 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4387 June 16, 2015 
saying they would welcome the indus-
try into their hometown. This poll comes just 2 weeks after the Environ-mental Protection Agency released a report indicating that fracking poses ‘‘no widespread systemic harm to drinking water.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, Pennsylvania is the 
third largest natural gas producer in the Nation and continues to drive record-breaking oil and natural gas production. The Marcellus shale, which extends through most of Pennsylvania, has grown from less than 2 billion cubic feet per day in 2007 to 16 billion in 2014 and has jolted Pennsylvania’s economy. 
As co-chair of the bipartisan Con-
gressional Natural Gas Caucus, I will continue to explore and promote best practices so that we can highlight the safety and the positive impacts of nat-ural gas. 
f 
MEN’S HEALTH WEEK 
(Ms. KELLY of Illinois asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, 
as we celebrate national Men’s Health Week, I urge all Americans to take ac-tion to reduce health risks and prevent disease. It can be as simple as exer-cising, eating right, or setting up an appointment for a checkup. 
I also rise as the CBC Health 
Braintrust chair to bring awareness to the critical state of Black men’s health and the need to expand educational op-portunities and treatment options to reduce incidence of disease in commu-nities of color. 
Black men suffer disproportionately 
from many chronic and infectious dis-eases, many of which are preventible. Today, almost 40 percent of Black men are obese, which contributes to stroke, heart disease, and diabetes. In 2015, Black men were found to be twice as likely to die from prostate cancer as White men and have a higher incidence and death rate from colorectal cancer. Your skin color and ZIP Code shouldn’t determine your health outcomes. 
Together, through legislation and 
community engagement, we can reduce health inequities and provide a healthier and more prosperous life for all Americans. 
f 
PROTECT MEDICAL INNOVATION 
ACT 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of H.R. 160, the Pro-tect Medical Innovation Act, that will be considered on the floor this week. 
One of the most fundamental flaws of 
what is known as the Affordable Care Act is trying to offset the trillion-dol-lar price tag by imposing an arbitrary 2.3 percent tax on lifesaving medical devices, such as pacemakers and heart valves. It actually discourages the type 
of innovation that will improve our healthcare system for people needing these devices. 
Hindered with these new high costs, 
our small businesses are finding it in-creasingly difficult to innovate, cur-tailing medical advancements and often delaying the availability of new treatments and cures for patients. I personally visited a number of these companies and understand how impor-tant their work is to improving our healthcare system. 
Taxing innovation is not a 21st cen-
tury healthcare solution. This dev-astating tax is reported to have al-ready caused a net loss of over 33,000 jobs. 
American families and small busi-
nesses deserve better, and the House is committed to advancing commonsense ideas to ease the burdens of the Presi-dent’s healthcare law. H.R. 160 is one of those solutions. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in 
support of repealing this job- and inno-vation-killing tax that only limits op-tions for those who really need these lifesaving devices. 
f 
CRIMINAL JUSTICE REFORM 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as 
we rally around the obvious in the need for criminal justice reform and, in es-sence, the rehabilitation of our crimi-nal justice laws as we deal with the interaction of law enforcement and ci-vilians, having a pathway for respect for both, one of the most forgotten as-pects is dealing with the treatment of juveniles in the criminal justice sys-tem. 
I intend, over the next couple of 
weeks, to introduce a series of legisla-tive initiatives that address that form of the criminal justice system, which we find, as parents and family mem-bers, touches all juveniles. 
One of the things that the bill recog-
nizes is that a young person’s brain is still developing into his or her early twenties, and that those who commit crimes before this point should be treated differently by the criminal jus-tice system. 
The purpose of this effort is to im-
prove the treatment of young offenders within the Federal criminal justice system and to put them on a path to-ward successful reentry by providing options for the sentencing judges: a safety valve for young offenders which would, in essence, break through the mandatory minimum; an early release for young offenders; and, particularly, alternatives such as massive use of home arrest. 
Our children are our future. They get 
on the wrong path. Let’s not celebrate that wrong path and force them to live that wrong path. Let’s save their lives. AXING THE TAX 
(Mr. GUINTA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today on behalf of the estimated 145 million Americans who are at risk of losing their employer-sponsored healthcare insurance due to an excise tax included in the President’s healthcare law. Beginning in 2018, em-ployers will be required to pay a 40 per-cent tax on their employees’ healthcare plans due to ObamaCare. 
I am already hearing from constitu-
ents back home who hear from their employers and employees alike that are preparing for this devastating tax by looking at increasing deductibles, reducing benefits, and shifting costs to consumers and property taxpayers alike. This tax is set to cost New Hampshire’s largest city, Manchester, over $5 million. 
Americans simply can’t afford an-
other costly tax, and that is why I in-troduced H.R. 879, a bill to repeal the so-called Cadillac tax. As we prepare to vote on a series of healthcare bills this week, I urge my colleagues to join me in cosponsoring this commonsense bill. 
H.R. 879 is a win for employers. It is 
also a win for municipalities. And, most importantly, it is a win for all those hard-working Americans who ex-pected the President to keep his prom-ise that, if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it. 
f 
EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
REAUTHORIZATION 
(Mrs. TORRES asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, in just 6 
legislative days, the charter of the Ex-port-Import Bank will expire. 
The Ex-Im Bank has proven an im-
portant tool in expanding U.S. exports and creating American jobs. It has done that with bipartisan support at zero cost to the taxpayers. 
I would like to mention two compa-
nies in particular that have received support from the Ex-Im Bank: Able In-dustrial Products in Ontario and Desiccare in Pomona. These aren’t giant, faceless corporations. They are very small businesses that provide jobs for the Inland Empire residents. 
The world economy is getting more 
competitive, and the Ex-Im Bank is helping to level the playing field for American companies. If my colleagues truly want to protect U.S. jobs and U.S. workers, we can’t afford to let the Ex-Im Bank expire. It is time to allow a vote. 
f 
b1215 
TRIBUTE TO DORELLA ANDERSON 
(Mr. TAKANO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.006 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4388 June 16, 2015 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to pay tribute to Dorella Alexis Anderson, a resident of Riverside, Cali-fornia, who passed away last month. 
For more than 40 years, Dorella 
worked at the Riverside Community Settlement Association, which pro-vided a number of services for residents in the Eastside area of Riverside. 
A lifetime member of the Riverside 
African American Historical Society, Dorella worked to preserve the rich Af-rican American history in Riverside. She worked on numerous charitable en-deavors in Riverside, including Toys for Tots, and gave back to the commu-nity in countless ways. 
Dorella was a wife, a mother, a 
grandmother, a great-grandmother, a sister, an aunt, and a friend. Her dedi-cation toward our community cements her legacy as one of our greatest resi-dents. She will be missed. 
f 
CARRY-ON FREEDOM ACT 
(Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, last week 
the International Air Transport Asso-ciation recommended a new guideline that would reduce the size of carry-on luggage. The new carry-on size limit is 21 percent smaller than the size cur-rently permitted by most major domes-tic airlines. 
Eight major international carriers 
have already adopted the new size lim-its, and the trade association is sug-gesting more airlines will be adopting it soon. If implemented by our domes-tic carriers, this will force consumers to spend more on checked baggage fees and/or purchase new luggage to meet this new guideline. 
Enough is enough. Airline passengers 
are tired of getting squeezed by air-lines, both physically and fiscally. The seats are smaller, the legroom is less, the prices are more, and the profits are more. 
That is why I introduced the Carry- 
on Freedom Act. The bill would pro-hibit airlines who charge for checked baggage from reducing the size of carry-on baggage from the current size standards and would protect consumers from even more cost to travel. I urge my colleagues to stand up for con-sumers and pass the Carry-on Freedom Act. 
f 
PROSTATE CANCER IS A 
NATIONAL EPIDEMIC 
(Mr. BUTTERFIELD asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, 
prostate cancer is a national epidemic, the most common cancer in men. One in seven men will be diagnosed, with more than 220,000 new cases each year, and 28,000 men will die from prostate cancer this year. Prostate cancer, Mr. Speaker, disproportionately impacts African American men, who have the highest prostate cancer rates of any ra-
cial or ethnic group. Black men are twice as likely to be diagnosed with prostate cancer, nearly 2
1⁄2times as 
likely to die from that disease. 
Last week, I introduced the National 
Prostate Cancer Plan Act along with Congressmen M
IKE MCCAUL, E LIJAH  
CUMMINGS , and W ALTER JONES . The bill 
would establish the National Prostate Cancer Council and direct them to de-velop and implement a national stra-tegic plan to accelerate the innovation of diagnostic tools to improve early de-tection and reduce unnecessary treat-ment. 
Prostate cancer can strike anyone. 
Many of us have either been personally affected by this disease or have lost a loved one. Enactment of this bill would be a giant step forward in our battle to combat this treatable disease so that men can live longer and healthier. 
My bill, Mr. Speaker, has been en-
dorsed by the American Urological As-sociation, American Medical Associa-tion, Prostate Cancer Foundation, ZERO, and PCRI. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
join me in this effort by cosponsoring H.R. 2730. 
f 
WOMAN ON THE TWENTY ACT 
(Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, the 
American people have spoken. I join over 1 million Americans who voted in an online poll conducted by Women on 20s, a nonprofit grassroots organiza-tion, to put a woman on the $20 bill. 
To celebrate the amazing achieve-
ments of women throughout our his-tory, I introduced the legislation to Put a Woman on the Twenty Act, H.R. 2147, which would empower the Sec-retary of Treasury to put a woman on the face of a $20 bill as soon as possible. 
Since the first general circulation of 
paper currency in this country, no woman has ever held the honor of being featured on paper money, and I would say to Secretary Lew that you need look no further than the people’s choice winner, Harriet Tubman, for in-spiration. In her words, ‘‘Every great dream begins with a dreamer.’’ In her dreams, she always had a vision. More than ever, my vision is a redesign of the $20 bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to 
join me and support putting a woman on the $20 bill. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE GUAM 
MEN’S NATIONAL SOCCER TEAM 
(Ms. BORDALLO asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate the Guam men’s national soccer team, Team Matao, as they lead group D in the second round of the FIFA World Cup Asian quali-fiers. It was a David versus Goliath mo-ment yesterday when Team Matao de-
feated India with a 2–1 victory. This follows Team Matao’s 1–0 victory over Turkmenistan last week. 
I congratulate Guam Football Asso-
ciation President Richard Lai, coach Gary White, and all of Team Matao on their great victory. Biba Guam. 
f 
HONORING DR. DENNIS GALLON 
ON HIS RETIREMENT 
(Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today for myself and on behalf of my colleague Congresswoman L
OIS 
FRANKEL to honor one of south Flor-
ida’s most respected leaders in higher education. 
After 18 years of service, our friend 
Dr. Dennis Gallon is retiring as presi-dent of Palm Beach State College. Under his watch, Palm Beach State College has become the eighth-largest producer of associate degree graduates in America. From expanding STEM education programs coveted by local employers to creating an honors col-lege for high-achieving students, Palm Beach State College flourished under Dr. Gallon’s leadership. 
Just last year, the United States De-
partment of Education reported that Palm Beach State College offers the sixth-lowest tuition rates nationwide. Dr. Dennis Gallon’s commitment to high-quality, affordable higher edu-cation is truly admirable, and his ten-ure as president of Palm Beach State College deserves our praise and grati-tude. 
Congresswoman F
RANKEL , and I am 
sure Congressman H ASTINGS , and I 
proudly thank him for his remarkable service. 
f 
RENEW THE EXPORT-IMPORT 
BANK 
(Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, there are just 6 more working days before the Ex-Im Bank expires, and given the critical importance of this program, I thought it would be useful to provide a quick index of hard numbers showing what this would mean to the United States economy: 
Sixty—the number 60. That is the ap-
proximate number of Ex-Im credit agencies that are competing with us around the world that are waiting for our Bank to expire so they can grab that American export business. 
3,340. That is the number of small 
businesses that are supported right now by the Ex-Im Bank, helping them to export their goods and provide jobs. 
164,000. That is the number of Amer-
ican jobs that are provided right now this year by the Ex-Im Bank that we would lose immediately. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.008 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4389 June 16, 2015 
1.3 million. That is the number of pri-
vate sector jobs that have been created by the Bank since 2009, with no addi-tional cost to the American taxpayer. In fact, it makes money to help us pay down our debt. 
And, finally, zero. That is what we 
gain by killing our Bank. Zero. We don’t get the revenue. We don’t get the jobs. We don’t get to export our goods. Let’s renew it. 
f 
REMEMBERING DOMENIC 
D’AMBROSIO 
(Mr. MOULTON asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Speaker, today I 
come to the floor of the House with a heavy heart. This past weekend, the city of Lynn lost a dedicated public servant, a tireless local volunteer, and an inspiring advocate for the people of our community. Domenic D’Ambrosio, known by many as Dom, was loved by many for his uncanny ability to con-nect with people. Whether they were old friends or someone he was meeting for the first time, Dom’s compassion for others was contagious, encouraging all of us to be better members of our community. 
At a time when public opinion of 
Congress is at an all-time low, Dom’s belief in this institution and the power of the democratic process could not have been stronger. I thank him for bringing a reinvigorating energy to our Nation’s political dialogue and for re-minding us why we are so fortunate to have a free and democratic govern-ment, and why we should all take part in making it better. 
My thoughts and prayers are with his 
wife, Kelly, his family, and friends. The Sixth District of Massachusetts lost a true champion, but I know that his leg-acy will live on through our shared commitment to public service. Dom, you will be missed. 
f 
JUNE IS ALZHEIMER’S AND BRAIN 
AWARENESS MONTH 
(Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked 
and was given permission to address 
the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize the month of June as Alzheimer’s and Brain Awareness Month. Approxi-mately 340,000 Texans and 5.4 million Americans currently have Alzheimer’s disease. One in nine Americans over 65 is projected to develop Alzheimer’s, and it is the sixth-leading cause of death in the United States. 
The rapidly growing number of older 
Americans will lead to a corresponding rapid growth in the prevalence of Alz-heimer’s disease. The devastating emo-tional and financial impact of this de-bilitating disease is known by too many. My mother-in-law battled this disease, so I know firsthand how dif-ficult it can be for patients and their loved ones. I strongly support efforts to advocate 
and raise awareness and robust funding for research to find treatments and cure for this disease. Congress has a real opportunity to dramatically im-pact the lives of millions of Americans by funding research and outreach pro-grams for Alzheimer’s. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
recognizing the month of June as Alz-heimer’s and Brain Awareness Month. Together we can help turn the world purple for Alzheimer’s, and by doing so, promote care, support, and research of this terrible disease. 
f 
REAUTHORIZE THE EXPORT- 
IMPORT BANK 
(Ms. TITUS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to urge Republican leadership to stop blocking the will of the House and im-mediately call for a vote to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank, set to expire June 30. 
This May I hosted Fred Hochberg, 
chairman of the Ex-Im Bank, in my district to tour Innova Technologies, a leader in civil-structural engineering and one of 32 Nevada companies work-ing with the Bank. At a time when our local economy was fighting to recover from the recession and unemployment was rampant, the Bank provided crit-ical support that allowed Innova not just to survive but nearly double its workforce. 
In 2014 alone, the Bank supported 
164,000 jobs and reduced the Federal deficit by $675 million. In Nevada, it helped increase our export value by $165 million. Now is the time for a long-term reauthorization to renew, re-energize, and reform the Bank so it can continue supporting businesses and creating jobs in Nevada and across the country. 
f 
MAKING IN ORDER AT ANY TIME 
CONSIDERATION OF H. CON. RES. 55, REMOVAL OF UNITED STATES ARMED FORCES FROM IRAQ AND SYRIA 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent that it be in order at any time to consider H. Con. Res. 55 in the House if called up by the chair of the Committee on For-eign Affairs or his designee; that the concurrent resolution be considered as read; and that the previous question be considered as ordered on the concur-rent resolution to adoption without in-tervening motion or demand for divi-
sion of the question, except for 2 hours of debate equally divided among and controlled by Representative R
OYCE of 
California, Representative E NGEL of 
New York, and Representative M CGOV-
ERN of Massachusetts or their respec-
tive designees. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
DUNCAN of Tennessee). Is there objec-
tion to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, June 16, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on June 16, 2015 at 11:02 a.m.: 
That the Senate passed S. 565. With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
b1230 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 2596, INTELLIGENCE AU-THORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 315 and ask for its immediate consider-ation. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 315 
Resolved, That at any time after adoption 
of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2596) to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for intelligence and intelligence-related activi-ties of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dis-pensed with. All points of order against con-sideration of the bill are waived. General de-bate shall be confined to the bill and amend-ments specified in this section and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence now printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Com-mittee Print 114–19. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amend-ment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this res-olution. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.009 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4390 June 16, 2015 
the report equally divided and controlled by 
the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be sub-
ject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may de-mand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as origi-nal text. The previous question shall be con-sidered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. 
S
EC. 2. Notwithstanding clause 8 of rule 
XX, further proceedings on the recorded vote ordered on the question of reconsideration of the vote on the question of concurring in the matter comprising the remainder of title II of the Senate amendment to H.R. 1314 may continue to be postponed through the legis-lative day of Thursday, July 30, 2015. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
AS-
TINGS ), pending which I yield myself 
such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of de-bate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on House Resolution 315, currently under consid-eration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I am pleased to bring forward today this rule on behalf of the Rules Com-mittee. This rule provides for a robust amendment debate on a wide variety of issues related to the authorization of funds for 16 intelligence agencies. 
This rule provides for the consider-
ation of H.R. 2596, the Intelligence Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. The Rules Committee met on this measure yesterday evening and heard testimony from both the chairman of the committee and the ranking mem-ber, in addition to receiving amend-ment testimony from multiple Mem-bers. 
This rule brought forward by the 
committee is a structured rule. There were 29 amendments in total submitted to the Rules Committee. Of those 29, I am pleased that the full House will de-bate and vote on 16 of those amend-ments, over half that were submitted. 
The majority of the amendments 
made in order are bipartisan, a fact demonstrating the unity of this body in advancing funds that will go directly to fighting against terrorism prolifera-tion and weapons of mass destruction. ‘‘To provide for the common defense’’ 
is a common phrase to us all, and one that clearly sets forth the more basic responsibility of our government, a re-sponsibility that the members of the Rules Committee, the Intelligence Committee, and, yes, I believe the en-tire House do not take lightly. 
This rule provides for 1 hour of gen-
eral debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and the ranking member of the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence. 
As most of the intelligence budget in-
volves highly classified programs, all Members were given the opportunity to review the classified annexes to the un-derlying legislation prior to Rules Committee consideration. 
Members should also be aware that 
section 2 of the rule provides that the motion to reconsider the vote on Trade Adjustment Assistance, or title II of the Senate amendment to H.R. 1314, may continue to be postponed through Thursday, July 30, 2015. 
This postponement was necessary to 
allow House and Senate leadership, in addition to the President, sufficient time to consider legislative options re-lated to this action on trade promotion authority and Trade Adjustment As-sistance. 
I am proud of the work undertaken 
by the Intelligence Committee to ad-vance this vitally important legisla-tion whose consideration is provided for by this rule. 
There are a few key provisions that I 
want to ensure Members are aware of because I believe they speak to the overwhelming awareness the Intel-ligence Committee possesses of the re-sponsibility of Congress to protect this Nation from terrorism, and also of our unwavering fidelity to the United States Constitution. 
First, section 302 of the underlying 
legislation provides that the authoriza-tion of appropriations by this act shall not be deemed to constitute authority for the conduct of any intelligence ac-tivity that is not otherwise authorized by the Constitution or the laws of the United States. 
Sections 303 and 304 require specific 
elements of the executive branch to provide Congress with timely notifying requirements on key intelligence ac-tivities. Congressional notification re-quirements generally remain a vitally important mechanism to ensure that Congress is able to conduct robust oversight. 
Notification requirements specific to 
the intelligence community are even more essential, given the classified and delicate nature of the situations our intelligence agencies face every day. 
The classification of documents and 
the decisionmaking factors that go into such classification have histori-cally been an area of great interest and, at times, concerns by Members of this body and the citizens that we rep-resent. 
In response to the valid concerns and 
interest by Members and the public at large, in the Intelligence Committee’s 
report on H.R. 2596, they specifically state that the committee ‘‘seeks to im-prove its visibility into the classifica-tion process and better understand how the intelligence community determines the classification level of especially sensitive reporting and analysis.’’ 
In the underlying legislation, the 
committee carries out this goal by di-recting the Director of National Intel-ligence to provide, within 60 days of the enactment, a report to the congres-sional intelligence committees out-lining each instance in the past 5 years that the Office of Director of National Intelligence or any other entity within the executive branch directed an ele-ment of the intelligence community to begin disseminating existing uncompartmented intelligence report-ing or analysis through a compartment or subcompartment. 
This requirement is just one of sev-
eral additional reporting requirements in the legislation to serve to enhance Congress’ role in and understanding of the classification process, again, em-phasizing Congress’ oversight role. The committee has done a good job in clari-fying that. 
The underlying legislation also di-
rects the Central Intelligence Agency to provide the congressional intel-ligence committees with all intel-ligence reports based on the documents collected in the May 1, 2011, raid that killed Osama bin Laden. 
We live in a dangerous world and face 
constant and evolving threats from ter-rorist groups like al Qaeda, Boko Haram, al Shabaab, and ISIS. These groups successfully use the Internet to anonymously build their resources, both human and financial. 
The United States Government must 
maintain and enhance their ability to counter extremists online. By under-standing how and where terrorist groups operate, we can more effec-tively fight for freedom at home and abroad. I am pleased to see strong pro-visions in the legislation that will fur-ther this goal. 
These provisions that I have just spo-
ken of are just a few examples of the thoughtful and difficult work the Intel-ligence Committee undertook to bring forward this legislation that authorizes critical national security functions while staying within the funding con-straints of the Budget Control Act, or BCA. 
I want to thank the Intelligence 
Committee and their staff for their hard work on the authorization meas-ure. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman, my friend from Georgia, for yielding the cus-tomary 30 minutes for debate. 
Mr. Speaker, this rule provides for 
consideration of H.R. 2596, the Intel-ligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, as well as provides that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN7.004 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4391 June 16, 2015 
motion to reconsider the vote on pas-
sage of the Trade Adjustment Assist-ance measure may continue to be post-poned until the end of the legislative day on July 30. 
First, I commend the efforts of Chair-
man N
UNES and Ranking Member 
SCHIFF for their effort in crafting a bill 
with largely bipartisan support that provides our Nation’s intelligence com-munity with the resources they need to keep us safe. Our national security re-lies on the continued strength of our intelligence community. 
As we face ongoing security chal-
lenges both at home and abroad from threats such as ISIL, lone wolf attacks, the emergence of cybercrime, as well as the specter of unknown challenges that may be awaiting us, a strong in-telligence apparatus is of the utmost importance. 
This legislation will do much to meet 
those challenges. Specifically, this bill supports investments in cutting-edge technology like spy satellites, en-hances our Nation’s human intel-ligence capabilities, provides resources to safeguard valuable signals intel-ligence collection, and partners with our foreign allies to maximize the reach of our intelligence efforts. 
This investment in our country’s in-
telligence infrastructure comes at a critically important time. As you know, the Office of Personnel Manage-ment recently suffered a disastrous breach. Hackers were able to target OPM and gain access to personnel data, including employees’ names, addresses, Social Security numbers, and numer-ous other personal details. 
Perhaps most disturbing, OPM 
houses the applications and files sub-mitted by those applying for security clearances, with data going back until 1985. These files were compromised as well, leading some experts to argue that the compromise of these files could have tremendous negative effects for our human intelligence gathering capabilities. 
These cyber attacks represent a crit-
ical threat to our national security. We all love the convenience that tech-nology provides us, but we must also be prepared to invest in technologies that will protect us from those who wish to sabotage our security in the virtual world. It is time for the OPM to imple-ment and abide by best practices so that we never face a data breach like the one we saw last week. 
To the extent that Congress will play 
a role in securing our virtual infra-structure, we should work as quickly as possible to ensure that our employ-ees and our most sensitive material are not needlessly exposed to those who wish to do us harm. 
Mr. Speaker, while I support the 
strong national security protections this authorization provides, I am ex-tremely disappointed yet again in how my Republican colleagues have skirted the fiscal cuts imposed by sequestra-tion in order to fund the things that they care about, while ignoring the ef-fects such fool-headed cuts have on the 
vital domestic programs that they don’t seem to care about. We have peo-ple hurting all over this Nation be-cause of this irresponsible and sense-less policy of sequestration. 
Republicans claim to be using this 
policy as an important tool to rein in out-of-control government spending; yet, when sequestration affects pro-grams and areas of the budget they care about, they magically get around this dilemma by using accounting gim-micks. 
That is just what they have done 
here in this measure. The majority has yet again used the overseas contin-gency operations account to evade se-questration spending caps. 
Wouldn’t it be nice if Republicans 
wanted to evade spending caps for the Department of Education so that we can get around sequestration and prop-erly educate our children? Or if they could use accounting tricks to get around sequestration to fully fund and repair our crumbling infrastructure? Or if they were also inclined to use their budgetary magic to get around sequestration caps to properly fund critically important agencies like the Environmental Protection Agency so that our children and grandchildren can continue to have access to clean water and clean air? 
Alas, all we get from the majority is 
more of the same budgetary double 
standard, using tricks to get around spending caps on things you like to spend money on and then cry, ‘‘seques-ter, sequester,’’ on things you don’t like to spend money on. 
b1245 
Let’s stop pretending. That isn’t a 
plan to rein in government spending. That is just spending taxpayer money on things you deem worthy of unfet-tered spending and ignoring programs, for political reasons, that you don’t even like, even though such programs remain vital to our country’s success. 
Mr. Speaker, many on my side of the 
aisle have taken issue with the deten-tion facility in Guantanamo Bay since day one; I certainly have. Once again, the Republicans look to continue the operation of this prison, when we should be working to bring about its orderly closure. 
We are better than this prison. As a 
country dedicated to the rule of law, as a country that inspires people the world over to work for and even die for the establishment of democratic rule, we are better than this prison. This prison is an exercise in Kafkaesque jus-tice, which has long worked to under-mine our standing with our allies and helped terrorist organizations recruit more and more fighters. 
Look, I don’t think that anyone is ar-
guing that, if we close the prison, then the myriad terrorist groups who use it as a recruiting tool will no longer have people joining their ranks, but it would be one less arrow in their quiver. 
For that reason, we need to work to-
gether to close the prison as quickly as possible. In doing so, we will not jeop-
ardize the safety of our country, but will act more fully to reflect our com-mitment to democracy and the rule of law. 
We know and I know, having been in 
the judiciary, that our justice system is more than capable of handling the prosecution of terrorists, no matter where they are, including those held in Guantanamo Bay. 
We have successfully tried Richard 
Reid, Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab, Faisal Shahzad, and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev—the Boston bomber—and we have either sentenced them to death or life imprisonment in our most secure prisons. 
At last night’s Rules Committee 
meeting, my friends on the other side of the aisle decided to make a last- minute change to today’s rule—or, I might add, to further pollute today’s rule. That last-minute change allows for the postponement of the motion to reconsider TAA. 
Over the course of my tenure in Con-
gress, I voted to support thousands of pieces of legislation. In the 20-plus years that I have served in this body, I can think of only three votes which I deeply regret making, and one of those was in support of NAFTA. 
In the years since, I have seen after 
NAFTA a decrease in American jobs, a rollback of critical environmental pro-tections here and in Mexico, where I was promised that the environmental circumstances in the maquiladoras would be cleaned up and they were not and a stagnation of wages that has pre-vented the financial upward mobility of working class and middle class Americans and has ground poor Ameri-cans into poverty beyond belief. 
If we are going to create trade policy 
that is worthy of future generations, then we must ensure that that policy strengthens, not weakens, labor rights. It must strengthen, not weaken, envi-ronmental protections. It must ensure other countries’ responsibility to ad-here to basic human rights. It must ex-pand and strengthen our middle class, not squeeze hard-working Americans in favor of corporate interests. 
The legislation included in this rule 
today is part of a trade package that does nothing to bolster these impor-tant priorities. 
Finally, as I have stated time and 
again, I take issue with the manner in which these important measures are being considered. Legislation as impor-tant as the ones at hand deserve an open and transparent process where Members of both parties and both Houses of Congress may debate and offer amendments as they please. 
This process, envisioned and designed 
by our Founding Fathers to serve as a safeguard to democracy, continues to be eroded by the majority’s insistence on grouping multiple, unrelated bills together under one rule and limiting the number of amendments that can be made in order, as well as the time available for debate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.013 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4392 June 16, 2015 
There were amendments offered last 
night. For example, Congresswoman S
PEIER offered whistleblower protec-
tion, not made in order. My colleague Representative S
CHWEIKERT from Ari-
zona and I offered a very sensible meas-ure under the intelligence provision to allow for us, as a sense of Congress only, to say that we will participate with Tunisia’s intelligence operation in a more pronounced manner—totally innocuous, but at the very same time, helping a country that may very well make the bridge to democracy and cer-tainly has been an ally in intel-ligence—and a needed one, in light of the number of people that come up from north Africa through Tunisia and wind up fighting in the Middle East. 
If we are truly to operate as the de-
liberative body the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives was created to function as, we must do more to ensure that our Nation’s most critical pieces of legisla-tion are afforded the time and consid-eration they rightly deserve. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gen-
tleman from Florida. One of the things that I, coming on to the Rules Com-mittee, have found is really the vig-orous debates that we do have—and the gentleman from Florida, we have had many of those, and that is a good place for it. 
It is a good place for it also here on 
the floor to discuss what really, as was focused on very clearly, is a rule for a bill, and then there is a procedural issue that we are extending the TAA reconsideration until July 30. I am un-derstanding what he is saying, but I do want to make Members clear that is what is happening. 
We are working on the majority side 
for a process that is open. Sixteen amendments are going to be made in order, and they are going to be debated right here on the floor of this House and voted. I think that is what the Re-publican majority is focused on. 
One of the things that came up—and 
I want it to be clear, Mr. Speaker, is the gentleman brings up a point. It is about priorities. It is about priorities. When we are dealing with authoriza-tions and spending bills, is what we are dealing with in the majority here, we have made it very clear, I believe, from the Republican majority standpoint, although I personally and others may have discussions on how we use over-seas contingency funds, and those have been debated on this floor and should be continued to be debated on this floor. 
However, one of the things that we 
are doing, and I believe, from our per-spective, is we are putting priorities first—priorities for national defense; securing our national interest; and in light of this bill, making sure that our country is safe, abroad and here, from attacks from people who don’t like us. I don’t buy the argument—and the 
debate on Guantanamo is a different issue—but the argument that if we closed it up, it takes away one recruit-ing piece. I am sorry. Boko Haram, al Qaeda, these others do not hate us only because of a prison; they just hate us because we are free. They hate us be-cause we have a society that is open. 
I understand the debate that we want 
to have, but let’s make it crystal clear. There was no Guantanamo when they rammed planes into our World Trade Center. There was no Guantanamo at that time. They just don’t like us. Let’s make that very clear. 
Funding is appropriate. We will de-
bate those entirely upon this House and continue to. The Republicans will still look out for jobs and those work-ing in the middle class, and those that are trying to find their families’ prior-ities in their own economic sphere and looking at it in a country that is in debt and trying to make sure we make good fiscal decisions. 
Our priorities are that we help busi-
nesses start, we encourage the creation of jobs, not a government strangula-tion of jobs, and that is what resources do. 
With this bill, it is very focused, 
though. This is about our intelligence community. This is a rule that sup-ports an authorization coming from a very difficult community that does a very difficult job. We are supporting a rule that funds those agencies so that it keeps us safe and does the things that keeps America free. That is the continued argument that we will con-tinue to have. 
I appreciate, Mr. Speaker, the other 
debates that we want to have here, but let’s be focused. This rule is about that. It is also about a policy decision or a procedural decision in this rule. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, at this 
time, I am very pleased to yield 2 min-utes to the distinguished gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ). 
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, the vote 
on Trade Adjustment Assistance failed in the House of Representatives last Friday by a 3–1 margin; yet this rule today would extend the revote on Trade Adjustment Assistance through the end of July. This is one more at-tempt to play games with the future of hard-working families. 
American workers demand and they 
deserve respect. They deserve a living wage and the right not to have their jobs shipped overseas. That is what we are united in fighting for. 
A vote for this rule is a vote for fast 
track. A vote for fast track is a vote against jobs and against wages. 
United States trade policy has been 
failing American workers, failing American consumers and families for 20 years. 
The U.S.-Korea Free Trade Agree-
ment has already cost up to 75,000 jobs, and it was just passed 3 years ago. Up to 5 million jobs have been destroyed by currency manipulation; and a num-
ber of the signatories to this trade agreement, their policy is to manipu-late their currency to have their goods sold at a lower price than American goods, putting American workers out of jobs and lowering their wages. 
Joseph Stiglitz, the Nobel Laureate 
in Economics, has written: ‘‘Inequality is not inevitable. It is a choice that we make with the rules that we create to structure our economy.’’ 
Trade policy is one of those choices. 
If we approve fast track, we throw away our ability, our constitutional authority to represent the people who sent us here in good faith. We throw away that ability to be able to fix the flaws in the trade agreement, like the Trans-Pacific Partnership, to the det-riment of millions of American fami-lies. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this rule. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, at this 
time, I am very pleased to yield 2 min-utes to the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ). 
Mr. DOGGETT. Friday, this House 
sent a strong message to the Fast- Trackers: Not so fast. 
Forty-eight hours ago, Republican 
leaders were telling the world that, at this moment, we would be voting to ap-prove Fast Track; but now, the Fast- Trackers have become backtrackers, pushing back the vote. 
The only reason that they seek this 
postponement in this rule of up to 6 weeks is that they do not have the votes to approve Fast Track today, and the only way they can get those votes today is to use this strange shenanigan of connecting it and cloaking it in a rule for the authorization of our intel-ligence agencies. 
After Friday’s Fast Track vote, one 
official said those who ‘‘vote against this Trade Adjustment Assistance are adding their names to the death certifi-cate for [it].’’ Well, let’s play it straight for a change. TAA is not au-thorized now. It expired last year. Its future depends, not upon this author-ization, but upon an adequate level of funding. 
The Elementary and Secondary Edu-
cation Act, the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act, and many more have not been authorized for years, but they continue to operate perfectly well, based upon appropriated funds. This TAA argument is phony. 
b1300 
Really, it doesn’t take much intel-
ligence to see what is happening here. These Fast-Trackers are desperate, and this postponement vote for this extent, of this nature, is unprecedented in the history of this Congress. It has never happened before in American history that someone has asked to postpone a vote for up to 6 weeks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. HASTINGS. I yield the gen-
tleman an additional 30 seconds. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.014 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4393 June 16, 2015 
Mr. DOGGETT. And understand what 
that means. Understand that they are looking for the ideal time—morning, noon, or night—to muscle through a broken trade policy that a majority of this House and of the American people do not want. 
This rule provides that the Speaker 
at any time of day can come with no notice, no debate, and say, we are vot-ing to send this bill to the President’s desk. 
What really needs adjusting is not 
trade assistance but the no-com-promise, no-amendment attitude on trade that gives us broken trade poli-cies. 
This vote wouldn’t be so close if this 
process hadn’t been so closed. 
Reject this rule. Vote for democracy. 
Don’t change the precedents of the House. Don’t let this be muscled through. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I am 
very pleased to yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Georgia (Mr. D
AVID SCOTT), my good friend. 
Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, ladies and gentlemen, what is about to happen on this floor with this rule is a direct violation of the United States Constitution; for in the United States Constitution, it clearly says that the United States Congress shall have the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations.’’ And in this rule is a clear violation of that. 
We already voted it down overwhelm-
ingly 302–126, Republicans and Demo-crats. It was the foremost bipartisan vote in this 21st century, the very thing that the American people are crying for. 
Now, why did Alexander Hamilton 
and Thomas Jefferson and James Madi-son all agree? Very strong, very inde-pendent minds. Alexander Hamilton and Thomas Jefferson could hardly bear to be in the same room with each other, but they agreed on this because they knew that every State had Rep-resentatives in Congress to look out for jobs that could be shipped overseas. This is the primary reason, ladies and gentlemen. 
Look at every trade agreement. This 
country has lost over 2 million manu-facturing jobs to China as a result of the China deal. Over 150,000 jobs to 
Mexico. Yes, it created jobs—not in the United States. And what kind of jobs? These are jobs that impacted at the lower- and middle-income levels of our economy. It is the middle class that is the heart and the soul of America. 
Let this Congress stand up and reject 
this rule. 
We proved our mettle with that 302 
vote. Congress, I am asking you, the American people are asking you: Do what Alexander Hamilton and Thomas Jefferson and James Madison asked us to do, and let it be the Congress that regulates commerce with foreign na-tions. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I will continue to reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, at this 
time, I yield 2 minutes to the distin-guished gentleman from California (Mr. S
HERMAN ). 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, intel-
ligence is critical to our national secu-rity. It should not be besmirched by a controversial and unrelated procedural shenanigan, unprecedented in the an-nals of the House of Representatives. 
In the words of the President of the 
United States, It is time to play it straight. TAA and TPA, that package was voted on. It was defeated. We are done. Play it straight. 
Write new legislation. Put together a 
new package. Bring it to the floor of the House. See if it has a majority. That is playing it straight. 
Instead, in an unprecedented move, a 
vote we took last week is being held in never-never land to be revoted on as late as the end of July. That is right. Early June votes tabulated in late July. 
If you are against unprecedented she-
nanigans, vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. If you are for playing it straight, vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. If you are against TAA, vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. If you are against TPA, if you are against fast track, vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. 
If you vote for an unprecedented pro-
cedural shenanigan, an unprecedented procedural mutation today, you can be sure it will be used against you and your district and your beliefs tomor-row. And if you are not against fast track, you should be because it gives an enormous gift to China, and we get nothing in return. 
China’s number one tactic for run-
ning up the largest trade surplus against us in history is currency ma-nipulation. This deal that is put on the fast track enshrines the view that cur-rency manipulation is just fine. Go to it. A giant gift to China. 
In addition, the rules of origin provi-
sions say that goods that the manufac-turer admits are 50 or 60 percent made in China—which means actually 70 or 80 percent made in China—get fast- tracked into the United States. 
Vote ‘‘no’’ on this procedural muta-
tion. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, just for a moment, let’s 
focus back on the rule and the under-lying bill and the procedural issue that has been discussed. It is out in the open. It was not snuck in or anything else. It has been there and has been dis-cussed. 
But also, I want to get back to the 
fact of the rule, itself, which is stand alone. We are going to be voting on an intelligence bill. We are going to have a debate on an intelligence bill. 
And, among other things, I will give 
us a reminder of what this legislation does: 
It sustains critical capabilities to 
fight terrorism and counter the pro-liferation of weapons of mass destruc-tion. That is a separate bill. This is what we are going to be discussing. It has funds to assist our efforts to re-
cover unauthorized disclosures of intel-ligence capabilities. It sustains activi-ties in Afghanistan and Iraq to con-tinue the fight against ISIS, al Qaeda, and the Taliban. It invests in the resil-iency of our national security space ar-chitecture. It provides policy discre-tion on sensitive intelligence oper-ations. It promotes intelligence inte-gration and sharing through invest-ment in intelligence communitywide information technology enterprises. It enhances investment in military intel-ligence, surveillance, and reconnais-sance aircraft. It funds initiatives to thwart cyber attacks and insider threats. And it requires a report every 60 days on foreign fighters in Syria and Iraq. 
This is the bill, the underlying bill 
that we are discussing. And I just wanted to make a reminder of that. As we have discussions on different parts of this rule, let’s be reminded also that we are dealing with a stand-alone bill that we will work. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Will the gentleman 
yield for just a question? 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. I yield to 
the gentleman from Florida for just a question. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, all of 
the things that the gentleman from Georgia said are in the measure are true. But does he also agree that it is unprecedented that we have included a measure to delay an already-voted-on rule? Never before has that been done. 
Or to your knowledge, has it been? Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Well, I 
think it is a fact that it is a part of this rule. The gentleman from Florida states it in whatever adjectival terms he wants to give. But it is in the rule. We have not made it secretive that it is part of this rule. And we can discuss ei-ther part. 
I will just simply focus on the intel-
ligence part. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, at this 
time, I am very pleased to yield 2 min-utes to the distinguished gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), my 
good friend. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gen-
tleman from Florida for yielding and for the astute question that he asked, which is one that I would like to follow up on. 
Mr. Speaker, let me say to the gen-
tleman from Georgia that he is quite right. There are very serious and im-portant components of the intelligence bill covered by this rule. 
As many of us have experienced over 
the last couple of days, we are in and out of intelligence and security brief-ings because that is the era in which we live. And in most instances, Mem-bers draw their concern from the re-sponsibility they have for protecting the American people. 
I am on the Homeland Security Com-
mittee and have continued on that committee since the tragedy, the hei-nous act of 9/11, and before, when the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.037 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4394 June 16, 2015 
select committee was in place. So I 
have no quarrel with some of the im-portant elements of this legislation. But the gentleman from Georgia should recognize that this is an aberra-tion. 
There are two or three points that I 
would like to make: 
First of all, we are long overdue for 
getting rid of the sequester. This joke was played on Members and the Amer-ican people only because of the super-committee—not because of any indi-vidual Members, but there was a super-committee structure put in place, the time ran out, and they could not come to a budget conclusion. So this was the ultimate end. Members didn’t vote on this. They voted on the supercom-mittee, and then this was the hatchet that fell when the supercommittee did not work. So sequester should be some-thing that Speaker B
OEHNER puts on 
the floor and immediately gets rid of. 
And the reason why I say that is be-
cause I am going to talk about the she-nanigans dealing with the trade bill. But what I am going to say is that the overseas contingency fund is being used to bolster up this bill, the intel-ligence bill. But I can’t get those re-sources to be utilized for infrastructure or summer jobs or fixing the education system that we have responsibilities for or providing opportunities for young people to finish their education or criminal justice reform. So this is being 43 percent pumped up when used by funds that are not in the stream. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. HASTINGS. I yield the gentle-
woman an additional 30 seconds. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gen-
tleman. 
The funding is not in the stream of 
funding that other appropriators have to utilize. That is wrong. 
Then I might conclude on the she-
nanigans of the trade fix, if you will. I am for TAA, the Trade Adjustment As-sistance. I want it to be voted on straight up or down, like many Mem-bers do, to provide for workers and not have, unfortunately, the addition that was added coming from the other body. So now we know that, whatever she-nanigans that will come up, it probably won’t be in the way that will help American workers. 
Mr. Speaker, this rule should be 
voted down because we need an oppor-tunity to work on behalf of the Amer-ican workers, to get rid of sequester, and to find a way to move this country forward. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. HASTINGS. I yield myself such 
time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, perhaps I should say to 
the membership of this body that if they vote against this rule, it doesn’t mean that we would not have an intel-ligence authorization. It simply would mean that those of us—my friend from Georgia and myself—would have to go back to the Rules Committee and fash-ion a rule that does not include an un-
precedented matter that should not be in this Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 in the first place. 
And toward that end, among the 
things that were sought to be included, if we were going to include the TAA measure, then the ranking member, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , proposed on behalf of 
the minority that we also include a vote on the Trans-Pacific Partnership, TPP, for the reason, one, TAA was overwhelmingly—3–1—defeated; TPP passed by a very thin margin. 
So if we are going to twist arms and 
find methodologies to employ to try to change the minds of Members over a 6- week period of time, then perhaps it would be those of us who are opposed to the measure would have an oppor-tunity to try to persuade some of those people who caused the thin margin of it to pass on TPP. We felt that was a fair-ness measure. At least if you were going to include it, that should have been included as well. 
Before proceeding, Mr. Speaker, per-
haps I should learn how much time each side has at this time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Florida has 4
1⁄2minutes 
remaining. The gentleman from Geor-gia has 19
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
b1315 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I am prepared to close. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, at this 
time, I am waiting for one additional speaker, but perhaps I can engage in a colloquy with my colleague from Texas. 
Mr. DOGGETT. Will the gentleman 
yield for a question? 
Mr. HASTINGS. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Texas. 
Mr. DOGGETT. You served both on 
the Intelligence Committee and on the Rules Committee. There is reason to authorize intelligence, but am I correct it has nothing to do with this sneak at-tack to put in a postponement that has never been done in American history, where never has anyone sought to delay for 6 weeks the consideration of this bill that we are doing today; isn’t that correct? 
Mr. HASTINGS. I think you are abso-
lutely correct, and it is unprecedented. At the very same time, as my friend from Georgia pointed out, they have done so transparently by putting it here, but that does not mean it would not be used at some point in the future. 
Mr. DOGGETT. Does this rule pro-
vide any notice to Members of the House, or can this be entirely a sur-prise attack? Can they come out here on the floor at any time, perhaps when the floor is as empty as it is now, and give no notice to the Members of the House that they are about to move to send this bill to the President’s desk, have absolutely no debate on that rule, but then have a vote here, perhaps a day when some Members are out on im-portant business in their district, basi-cally picking the best time because they are so desperate to force through 
a bill that they know a majority of this House does not support and that the American people don’t support because it will just foist off on us a broken, failed trade policy that does not re-spect the interests of the American people? Is that what is happening here? 
Mr. HASTINGS. That is certainly al-
lowed. Anytime before July 30, the measure could be brought to the floor, and it could be brought to the floor without any notice to the membership because it is a motion to reconsider. It is a part of this particular rule sought by the Speaker of the House, I might add, and therefore it could be brought at any time under the aegis of the Speaker’s authority. 
Mr. DOGGETT. Was the gentleman 
present in the Rules Committee when every single constructive improvement to this fast-track bill was rejected by the Rules Committee—not with your vote, of course—but a majority of the Rules Committee said ‘‘no’’ to telling the Members of this Congress as much about this deal as the Vietnamese Po-litburo already knows, saying ‘‘no’’ to at least meeting the standards on the environment that the Bush administra-tion agreed to, saying ‘‘no’’ to putting the foreign corporations on the same level as our American corporations and businesses so that foreign corporations wouldn’t have an advantage to come in and attack health, safety, and environ-mental rules that might be established by the Congress or the State of Florida or a city like San Antonio or Austin? Because under this fast-track bill, we are headed toward jeopardizing those rules, those State laws, and those Fed-eral laws that deal with the needs of the American family and letting these foreign corporations circumvent them as they did in Canada, recently, to de-mand millions of dollars of taxpayer money for a decision locally to just prevent the expansion of a quarry. We can’t have that happen. But the Rules Committee would not allow us to ad-dress those problems. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Many of those meas-
ures in a 5
1⁄2-hour, into-the-night ses-
sion that the Rules Committee oper-ated. 
Mr. DOGGETT. I thank the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
I would urge that Members under-
stand that we have already voted on this measure, and it was defeated, as I say, 3–1. 
Robust funding for our intelligence 
infrastructure is clearly needed and, indeed, welcomed, but enough is enough. It is time for Republicans to stop squeezing important domestic pro-grams through their arbitrary imple-mentation of sequester. We must invest in education in this country; we must invest in our decaying infrastructure; 
we must invest in a clean environment; and we must invest in a strong middle class. 
Republicans want to make invest-
ments in our intelligence community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.017 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4395 June 16, 2015 
Great. So do I. We all do. But at some 
point, we have to start asking: What is it that that community is protecting? Without investments in education, in-frastructure, and our middle class, we risk undermining what makes this country so exceptional and worth pro-tecting in the first place. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule, and I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
I appreciate the discussion we have 
had over the last little bit. I appreciate the gentleman from Florida. Again, al-though we have some differences— those have been evident today—the rule provides for ample debate on the floor and the opportunity to debate and vote on up to 16 amendments offered by a largely bipartisan group of Members. 
I look forward to those debates. I 
look forward to the debate on how best to provide tools for our intelligence community and to combat the dan-gerous threats that we face while still respecting both the constitutional and budgetary restraints. Those are things that sometimes, I think, in the midst of discussion today, got lost in that this is a separate vote that we are going to be voting on our intelligence bill. There is a procedural issue that is part of this that is, again, not snuck in. It has been posted; it has been online; and it is there for Members to see. 
When we look at priorities, again, I 
think, for us, it goes back to, again, in the overall budgetary and authoriza-tion process, the Republican majority stands for protecting our national in-terests, protecting and empowering the voters who actually send us here, not for growing and empowering an ever- encroaching Federal Government. This is what the budgets reflect. This is what the authorizations reflect. These are the priorities of the American peo-ple, and these are the priorities of the Republican majority. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on adoption of House Res-olution 315 will be followed by a 5- minute vote on agreeing to the Speak-er’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 236, nays 189, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 366] 
YEAS—236 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei 
Ashford Babin Barletta 
Barr Benishek Bilirakis 
Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn 
Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper 
Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling 
Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts 
Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price, Tom 
Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—189 
Adams Aguilar Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny 
DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gohmert Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack 
Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai 
Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—8 
Barton 
Byrne Chaffetz Kelly (MS) 
King (NY) Reed Sanchez, Loretta 
Sewell (AL) 
b1356 
Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico, 
Mses. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, and SINEMA changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. ASHFORD changed his vote from 
‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s ap-
proval of the Journal. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
AGREEMENT FOR COOPERATION 
BETWEEN THE GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMER-ICA AND THE GOVERNMENT OF THE REPUBLIC OF KOREA CON-CERNING PEACEFUL USES OF NUCLEAR ENERGY—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114– 43) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following message 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.018 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4396 June 16, 2015 
from the President of the United 
States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
I am pleased to transmit to the Con-
gress, pursuant to sections 123 b. and 123 d. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended (42 U.S.C. 2153(b), (d)) (the ‘‘Act’’), the text of a proposed Agree-ment for Cooperation Between the Gov-ernment of the United States of Amer-ica and the Government of the Repub-lic of Korea Concerning Peaceful Uses of Nuclear Energy (the ‘‘Agreement’’). I am also pleased to transmit my writ-ten approval, authorization, and deter-mination concerning the proposed Agreement, and an unclassified Nu-clear Proliferation Assessment State-ment (NPAS) concerning the proposed Agreement. (In accordance with sec-tion 123 of the Act, as amended by Title XII of the Foreign Affairs Reform and Restructuring Act of 1998 (Public Law 105–277), two classified annexes to the NPAS, prepared by the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Direc-tor of National Intelligence, summa-rizing relevant classified information, will be submitted to the Congress sepa-rately.) The joint memorandum sub-mitted to me by the Secretaries of State and Energy and a letter from the Chairman of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission stating the views of the Commission are also enclosed. An ad-dendum to the NPAS containing a 
comprehensive analysis of the export control system of the Republic of Korea (ROK) with respect to nuclear- related matters, including interactions with other countries of proliferation concern and the actual or suspected nuclear, dual-use, or missile-related transfers to such countries, pursuant to section 102A(w) of the National Se-curity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(w)), is being submitted separately by the Di-rector of National Intelligence. 
The proposed Agreement has been ne-
gotiated in accordance with the Act and other applicable law. In my judg-ment, it meets all applicable statutory requirements and will advance the non-proliferation and other foreign policy interests of the United States. 
The proposed Agreement contains all 
of the requirements established by sec-tion 123 a. of the Act. It provides a comprehensive framework for peaceful nuclear cooperation with the ROK based on a mutual commitment to nu-clear nonproliferation. It would permit the transfer of material, equipment (including reactors), components, in-formation, and technology for nuclear research and nuclear power production. It would not permit the transfer of Re-stricted Data, and sensitive nuclear technology or technology or informa-tion that is not in the public domain concerning fabrication of nuclear fuel containing plutonium could only be transferred if specifically provided by an amendment to the proposed Agree-ment or a separate agreement. Any special fissionable material transferred 
could only be in the form of low en-riched uranium, with two exceptions: small quantities of material for use as samples; or for other specified applica-tions such as use in loading and oper-ation of fast reactors or the conduct of fast reactor experiments. The proposed Agreement would also obligate the United States to endeavor to take such actions as may be necessary and fea-sible to ensure a reliable supply of low enriched uranium fuel to the ROK, similar to terms contained in other re-cent civil nuclear cooperation agree-ments. 
The proposed Agreement would also 
establish a new standing High-Level 
Bilateral Commission (HLBC) to be led by the Deputy Secretary of Energy for the Government of the United States of America and the Vice Minister of For-eign Affairs for the Government of the ROK. The purpose of the HLBC is to fa-cilitate peaceful nuclear and strategic cooperation between the parties and ongoing dialogue regarding areas of mutual interest in civil nuclear energy, including the civil nuclear fuel cycle. 
The proposed Agreement will have an 
initial term of 20 years and would renew for one additional period of 5 years unless either party gives written notice at least 2 years prior to its expi-ration that it does not want to renew the proposed Agreement. The proposed Agreement also requires the parties to consult as soon as possible after the seventeenth anniversary of its entry into force to decide whether to pursue an extension of the proposed Agree-ment. In the event of termination of the proposed Agreement, key non-proliferation conditions and controls will continue in effect as long as any nuclear material, moderator material, byproduct material, equipment, or component subject to the proposed Agreement remains in the territory of the party concerned or under its juris-diction or control anywhere, or until such time as the parties agree that, in the case of nuclear material or moder-ator material, such items are no longer usable for any nuclear activity rel-evant from the point of view of inter-national safeguards or have become practically irrecoverable, or in the case of equipment, components, or byprod-uct material, such items are no longer usable for nuclear purposes. 
The ROK has a strong track record 
on nonproliferation and its government has consistently reiterated its commit-ment to nonproliferation. The ROK is a party to the Treaty on the Non-pro-liferation of Nuclear Weapons, has an International Atomic Energy Agency safeguards agreement and Additional Protocol in force, is a member of the four multilateral nonproliferation ex-port control regimes (Missile Tech-nology Control Regime, Wassenaar Ar-rangement, Australia Group, and Nu-clear Suppliers Group, for which it served as Chair in 2003–2004 and is scheduled to do so again in 2015–2016), and is an active participant in the Pro-liferation Security Initiative. A more 
detailed discussion of the ROK’s civil nuclear program and its nuclear non-proliferation policies and practices, in-cluding its nuclear export policies and practices, is provided in the NPAS and in two classified annexes to the NPAS submitted to you separately. As noted above, the Director of National Intel-ligence will provide an addendum to the NPAS containing a comprehensive analysis of the export control system of the ROK with respect to nuclear-re-lated matters. 
I have considered the views and rec-
ommendations of the interested depart-ments and agencies in reviewing the proposed Agreement and have deter-mined that its performance will pro-mote, and will not constitute an unrea-sonable risk to, the common defense and security. Accordingly, I have ap-proved the proposed Agreement and au-thorized its execution and urge that the Congress give it favorable consider-ation. 
This transmission shall constitute a 
submittal for purposes of both sections 123 b. and 123 d. of the Act. My Admin-istration is prepared to begin imme-diately the consultations with the Sen-ate Foreign Relations Committee and the House Foreign Affairs Committee as provided in section 123 b. Upon com-pletion of the 30 days of continuous session review provided for in section 123 b., the 60 days of continuous session review provided for in section 123 d. shall commence. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , June 16, 2015. 
f 
INTELLIGENCE AUTHORIZATION 
ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extra-neous material on H.R. 2596, the Intel-ligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
H
OLDING ). Is there objection to the re-
quest of the gentleman from Cali-fornia? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 315 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 2596. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) to preside over 
the Committee of the Whole. 
b1406 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2596) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for intelligence and intelligence- related activities of the United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.021 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4397 June 16, 2015 
Government, the Community Manage-
ment Account, and the Central Intel-ligence Agency Retirement and Dis-ability System, and for other purposes, with Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. 
The gentleman from California (Mr. 
N
UNES ) and the gentleman from Cali-
fornia (Mr. S CHIFF ) each will control 30 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California (Mr. N UNES ). 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chair, I yield myself 
such time as I may consume. 
The Intelligence Authorization Act is 
the annual blueprint for the work of the intelligence community and Amer-ica’s military intelligence efforts. The bill sets priorities for our critical intel-ligence efforts and the legal framework of guidance and oversight for those ef-forts. As you may recall, the House has passed intelligence authorization bills with strong bipartisan support in the past several Congresses. 
The ranking member, Mr. S
CHIFF , 
and I worked in a bipartisan manner to draft this legislation in front of you today. Passing annual intelligence au-thorization legislation is the most ef-fective way for Congress to exercise oversight over the executive branch and helps ensure that the country’s in-telligence agencies have the resources and authorities necessary to keep Americans safe. This legislation passed unanimously out of our committee. 
As most of the intelligence budget in-
volves highly classified programs, the bulk of the committee’s recommenda-tions each year are found in the classi-fied annex of the bill, which has been available for Members to review since June 4. Among other initiatives, the bill provides authorization for critical national security functions, including fighting terrorism, countering the pro-liferation of weapons of mass destruc-tion, funding efforts to recover from unauthorized disclosures of intel-ligence capabilities, and investing in the resiliency of our national security space architecture. 
At an unclassified level, I can report 
that the annex for fiscal year 2016 au-thorizes funding that is slightly below the President’s budget request level. Its funding levels are in line with the House-passed Defense Appropriations bill for the National Intelligence Pro-gram and with the National Defense Authorization Act for the Military In-telligence Program. Overall, this bill sustains today’s intelligence capabili-ties and provides for future capabilities while staying within the funding con-straints of the Budget Control Act and the budget resolution. 
Mr. Chair, we are currently facing 
one of the most challenging global en-vironments in our Nation’s history. Nearly 14 years after the 9/11 attacks, the U.S. continues to hunt al Qaeda and its affiliates. We have taken the fight to the enemy and achieved tre-mendous success. But despite various strategies employed by two adminis-
trations to prevent the spread of rad-ical Islam, that threat remains. The Arab Spring civil war in Syria and the emergence of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant in places such as north Africa highlight only a few of the many events in the past several years that now define U.S. policy failures in the Middle East. In just over a year, ISIL has exploded from a largely localized force in Iraq to seriously challenge al Qaeda as the vanguard of global jihad. 
Moreover, nation-states like Russia 
and China continue to expand their spheres of influence and diminish U.S. clout worldwide. Russia has taken ad-vantage of indecisiveness in Europe and exploited uneven leadership in the 
U.S. to pressure Ukraine and its neigh-bors on core Russian interests. China bullies its neighbors in the South and East China Sea and, if left unchecked, will likely exercise de facto control over maritime trade in its perceived territorial waters in the next decade. Meanwhile, North Korea and Iran con-tinue to pose significant proliferation risks and remain strategic threats to the U.S. and its allies. State actors can bring a tremendous amount of re-sources to counter U.S. policy, placing an immense burden on the intelligence community to collect information on and to assess these activities carefully and accurately. 
Perhaps more troubling, state and 
nonstate actors alike are developing new ways to project power, particu-larly in cyberspace. Cyber attacks are becoming so pervasive that network defenders are overwhelmed. Attackers seem to gain access to sensitive sys-tems at will. The most recent attacks on the Office of Personnel Management servers, possibly one of the most sig-nificant national security incidents in the past decade, highlight the contin-ued threat to our Nation’s infrastruc-ture. 
Mr. Chair, in this year’s intelligence 
authorization bill, the committee has taken a great deal of care in addressing the wide range of issues described above. This bill is an essential tool in supporting our Nation’s efforts to tack-le today’s challenges while also direct-ing the intelligence community to make strategic investments in the fu-ture. In particular, I believe that the bill goes a long way toward encour-aging the intelligence community to make much-needed investments, such as recovering from unauthorized disclo-sures of intelligence capabilities. 
Additionally, this year’s authoriza-
tion bill comes on the heels of the com-mittee’s recent bipartisan successes on key national security issues, like reau-thorizing important provisions related to the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act, and overwhelmingly passing bipartisan legislation on cyber threat sharing information. I applaud Rank-ing Member S
CHIFF for his help on 
these issues, and I look forward to working together in the future. 
Finally, I want to thank all the In-
telligence Committee staff on both sides of the aisle for their support 
drafting this bill. The committee staff spent countless hours assisting Mem-bers and finalizing the legislation. 
In particular, I would like to recog-
nize our Sandia National Labs fellow, Mr. Randy Smith. He has been with the committee for almost 2 years and will be leaving us soon to return to Sandia. He has been a tremendous asset to this committee, and I would like to thank him for all his hard work. 
I would also like to thank the men 
and women of the intelligence commu-nity for all their efforts to continue to protect this Nation. 
I look forward to passing this legisla-
tion. 
Mr. Chair, the intelligence authorization act 
is the annual blueprint for the work of the intel-ligence community and America’s military in-telligence efforts. The bill sets the priorities for our critical intelligence efforts, and the legal framework of guidance and oversight for those efforts. As you may recall, the House has passed intelligence authorization bills with strong bipartisan support in the past several Congresses. 
The Ranking Member, Mr. S
CHIFF , and I 
worked in a bipartisan manner to draft the leg-islation in front of you today. Passing annual intelligence authorization legislation is the most effective way for Congress to exercise oversight over the executive branch and helps ensure that the country’s intelligence agencies have the resources and authorities necessary to keep Americans safe. This legislation passed unanimously out of our Committee. 
As most of the intelligence budget involves 
highly classified programs, the bulk of the Committee’s recommendations each year are found in the classified annex to the bill, which has been available for Members to review since June 4th. Among other initiatives, the bill provides authorization for critical national se-curity functions, including: fighting terrorism and countering the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, funding efforts to recover from unauthorized disclosures of intelligence capabilities, and investing in the resiliency of our national security space architecture. 
At an unclassified level, I can report that the 
annex for Fiscal Year 2016 authorizes funding that is slightly below the President’s budget re-quest level. Its funding levels are in line with the House-passed Defense Appropriations bill for the National Intelligence Program and with the National Defense Authorization Act for the Military Intelligence Program. Overall, this bill sustains today’s intelligence capabilities and provides for future capabilities while staying within the funding constraints of the Budget Control Act and the Budget Resolution. 
Mr. Chair, we are currently facing one of the 
most challenging global environments in our nation’s history. Nearly 14 years after the 9/11 attacks, the U.S. continues to hunt al-Qa’ida and its affiliates. We have taken the fight to the enemy and achieved tremendous success, but despite various strategies employed by two administrations to prevent the spread of radical Islam, the threat remains. The Arab Spring, civil war in Syria, and the emergence of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant in places such as Northern Africa highlight only a few of the many events in the past several years that now define U.S. policy failures in the Middle East. In just over a year, ISIL has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.023 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4398 June 16, 2015 
exploded from a largely localized force in Iraq 
to seriously challenge al-Qa’ida as the van-guard of the global jihad. 
Moreover, nation states like Russia and 
China continue to expand their spheres of in-fluence and diminish U.S. clout worldwide. Russia has taken advantage of indecisiveness in Europe and exploited uneven leadership in the U.S. to pressure Ukraine and its neighbors on core Russian interests. China bullies its neighbors in the South and East China Sea, and if left unchecked, will likely exercise de facto control over maritime trade in its per-ceived territorial waters in the next decade. Meanwhile, North Korea and Iran continue to pose significant proliferation risks and remain strategic threats to the U.S. and its allies. State actors can bring a tremendous amount of resources to counter U.S. policy, placing an immense burden on the Intelligence Commu-nity to collect information on, and assess, these activities carefully and accurately. 
Perhaps more troubling, state and non-state 
actors alike are developing new ways to project power, particularly in cyberspace. Cyber attacks are becoming so pervasive that network defenders are overwhelmed; attackers seem to gain access to sensitive systems at will. The most recent attacks on the Office of Personnel Management servers—possibly one of the most significant national security inci-dents in the past decade—highlight the contin-ued threat to our nation’s infrastructure. 
Mr. Chair, in this year’s intelligence author-
ization bill, this Committee has taken a great deal of care in addressing the wide range of issues described above. This bill is an essen-tial tool in supporting our nation’s efforts to tackle today’s challenges, while also directing the Intelligence Community to make strategic investments in the future. In particular, I be-lieve that this bill goes a long way toward en-couraging the Intelligence Community to make much-needed investments, such as recovering from unauthorized disclosures of intelligence capabilities. 
Additionally, this year’s authorization bill 
comes on the heels of the Committee’s recent bipartisan successes on key national security issues, including reauthorizing important provi-sions related to the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act, and overwhelmingly passing bi-partisan legislation on cyber threat information sharing. I applaud Ranking Member S
CHIFF for 
his help on these issues and look forward to working together in the future. 
Finally, I want to thank all the Intelligence 
Committee staff on both sides of the aisle for their support drafting this bill. The Committee staff spent countless hours assisting Members and finalizing the legislation. In particular, I would like to recognize our Sandia National Labs fellow, Randy Smith. He has been with the Committee for almost two years and will be leaving us soon to return to Sandia. He has been a tremendous asset to this Com-mittee and I thank him for all his hard work. I would also like to thank the men and women of the Intelligence Community for all their ef-forts protecting this nation. I look forward to passing this legislation. 
Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
First, I want to say thank you to 
Chairman N
UNES . This Intelligence Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 is our third major piece of legislation to-
gether, and it once again demonstrates the fruits of our commitment to bipar-tisanship. 
We also have our difference of opin-
ion from time to time, and on this bill, we have some differences. But I know that as long as we continue to work to-gether, there is no end to the good that we can accomplish. 
Through our cyber bill and our sur-
veillance reform bill, we have been guided by two core principles: first, that national security is truly the se-curity of the entire Nation and all Americans; second, that national secu-rity can and must coexist with privacy and civil liberties. I believe the bill today largely furthers these principles 
as well. 
The IAA funds, equips, and sets the 
priorities for the U.S. intelligence com-munity; and it is a crucial vehicle by which Congress provides oversight of the IC and ensures that U.S. intel-ligence professionals and intelligence programs have the funds and authori-ties they need to keep us safe, as well as our allies and partners. 
As the annual IAA provides hundreds 
of pages of detailed guidance, strict au-thorizations, and precise limitations, it is also the single most important means by which Congress conducts its oversight of the intelligence commu-nity. 
b1415 
As in past years, this year’s IAA is a 
carefully considered bill and the result of thoughtful oversight. 
The Fiscal Year 2016 IAA funds the 
intelligence community at about 1 per-cent below the President’s budget re-quest and about 7 percent above last year’s enacted budget level. 
The bill makes cuts to less-effective 
programs, adds money to underfunded programs, and requires intelligence agencies to regularly inform Congress of their activities, ensuring funds are spent responsibly and lawfully. 
Notably, the bill today holds, or 
‘‘fences,’’ significant amounts of money to make sure Congress’ direc-tion is followed to the letter and on time. 
I want to highlight just a few par-
ticular aspects of the bill. It continues the committee’s longstanding empha-sis on counterintelligence and security reforms. It also continues to support our overhead architecture by funding our most critical space programs, in-vesting in space protection and resil-iency, preserving investments in cut-ting-edge technologies, and enhancing oversight of contracting and procure-ment practices. 
It also promotes enhancements to 
our foreign partner capabilities, which are critical to multiplying the reach and impact of our own intelligence ef-forts. It enhances human intelligence, or HUMINT, capabilities, which are often the key to understanding and predicting global events. 
It provides resources to safeguard 
vulnerable signals intelligence, or SIGINT, collection while enhancing 
oversight of these and other sources of intelligence. It emphasizes collection to monitor and ensure compliance with treaties and potential international agreements. It greatly enhances over-sight of Defense special operation forces activities worldwide. 
The bill also incorporates some ex-
cellent provisions championed by the Democratic members of the Intel-ligence Committee, as well as the Re-publican members. 
In particular, I want to highlight Mr. 
H
IMES’ provision to enhance the qual-
ity of metrics we receive to enable more thorough oversight; Ms. S
EWELL ’s 
multiple provisions to enhance diver-sity within the intelligence commu-nity; Mr. C
ARSON ’s provisions to better 
understand FBI resource allocation against domestic and foreign threats and the role of the FBI and DNI in countering violent extremism, particu-larly in minors; Ms. S
PEIER ’s provision 
to provide greater human rights over-sight of the IC’s relationship with cer-tain foreign partners; Mr. Q
UIGLEY ’s 
provision regarding intelligence sup-port to Ukraine; and Mr. S
WALWELL ’s 
provision to ensure that Department of Energy National Labs can work with State and local government recipients of homeland security grants. 
All this said, while I believe the bill 
largely reflects sound choices, I am concerned that it uses the overseas contingency operations—or OCO—fund-ing as a way to evade the sequestration levels mandated by the ill-conceived Budget Control Act. 
Again, I largely support the funding 
levels and the programs which the IAA authorizes, but I cannot endorse how it has funded them. We need to be serious and thoughtful about the budget and undo sequestration—not just employ accounting tricks to evade its levels only for defense and national security- related items. 
Even some domestic programs and 
agencies that contribute to our home-land security cannot qualify for OCO dollars, while vital programs like our children’s education and our social services are left to languish. 
Instead of arbitrary, across-the-board 
cuts, let’s do what this bill does sub-stantively: make cuts to some areas and add money to others in a delib-erate, well thought out manner. It is time to forthrightly deal with seques-tration for all of our national prior-ities, not just for defense. 
I am also opposed to provisions in 
this bill which would tie the hands of the administration and prevent the or-derly transfer of detainees from the de-tention center at Guantanamo Bay. These restrictions have never been in-cluded in prior versions of the IAA, and there is no reason to introduce them into the IAA process now. 
The bill goes even further than re-
stricting transfer of detainees to the United States and includes a new pro-vision which restricts transfers to ‘‘combat zones,’’ a term that is so 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN7.008 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4399 June 16, 2015 
broad as to include allies and partners 
such as Jordan. 
As I have long said, keeping the 
Guantanamo prison serves as a recruit-ment tool for militants, undercuts our relationships with our allies, and un-dermines our international standing. 
With that said, the bill, as a whole, is 
largely a strong product, and I appre-ciate the close partnership we have en-joyed with the chairman in working on it. But, unfortunately, I cannot support the bill so long as it includes these Guantanamo restrictions and employs the OCO budget gimmick at the ex-pense of our domestic spending prior-ities. 
I look forward to a robust amend-
ment process today, and I am com-mitted to working with the chairman, the Senate, the administration, the other committees of jurisdiction, and all Members of Congress to make crit-ical improvements to the bill as it moves forward, and to resolve the issues to keep alive the string of con-secutive signed IAAs. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chair, at this time I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ). 
Mr. PITTENGER. I thank the chair-
man for his vital leadership on the In-telligence Committee. 
I rise in support of this legislation 
providing the intelligence community the authorization needed to protect and defend the United States and sup-port critical national security pro-grams protecting Americans from na-tion states and Islamic terrorists. 
In December, NSA Director Admiral 
Rogers warned that China has the ca-pability of shutting down the U.S. elec-tric grid through cyber attack. Home-land security Secretary Johnson has warned about the threat of attacks launched by sleeper cells in most of our States. ISIS continues to expand into new territory, while Americans are more at risk because President Obama has no strategy for defeating ISIS, whom he initially referred to as the JV team. 
This is not the time to impede our in-
telligence efforts. America faces grave danger from those who wish to destroy our way of life. Please join me in full bipartisan support of the Intelligence Authorization Act. Let us be united in confronting the perilous threats of our adversaries. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, at this 
time I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ), the ranking member on the 
House Foreign Affairs Committee. 
Mr. ENGEL. I thank my friend for 
yielding. 
I want to say that I appreciate the 
bipartisan, hard work of Chairman N
UNES and Ranking Member S CHIFF , 
but I want to bring to the House’s at-tention recent reports that this bill makes drastic cuts in our so-called cov-ert support to the moderate Syrian op-position. A headline in the Saturday Wash-
ington Post read: ‘‘Secret CIA effort in Syria faces large funding cut.’’ If these reports are true, just as the moderate Syrian forces may be starting to make progress, especially in the south, then I am afraid we may be making a big mis-take. 
Unfortunately, most Members of the 
House don’t know for certain if this legislation will reduce our support for the moderate opposition. Those fund-ing decisions are made behind closed doors. And that is why I believe this bill is not the right place for us to be making decisions that have a major impact on our Syria strategy. 
I have no doubt that Chairman 
N
UNES and Ranking Member S CHIFF are 
determined to get the intelligence piece of our Syria response right, but this is not merely an intelligence issue, and our overall strategy in Syria goes far beyond what is included in any cov-ert program. I believe we shouldn’t be dealing with this problem in a piece-meal way. 
As we have been doing in the Foreign 
Affairs Committee on a bipartisan basis, I urge my colleagues to take a step back, look at the big picture, and address our Syria policy in a way that makes sense and involves all the rel-evant players. 
I am troubled if it is true that this 
bill makes drastic cuts in our so-called covert support to the moderate Syria opposition. And I commend the hard work of our chairman and ranking member. 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I would urge my colleague, the rank-
ing member on the Foreign Affairs Committee, that we shouldn’t always believe what is in the newspaper. There have been lots of different reports about lots of different things. 
I would say that Mr. S
CHIFF and I 
worked in a bipartisan manner to look at all programs across the spectrum of the 17 agencies. And we would be glad to spend some time with the gentleman from New York down in the committee spaces to raise the concerns that he brought up about a newspaper article. As I said, I think there are a lot of things that we read in the newspaper. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
The Intelligence Authorization Act is 
the vehicle by which we ensure that U.S. intelligence professionals and pro-grams have the funds and the authori-ties that they need. It is the single most important means by which Con-gress can conduct its oversight. We need to pass this legislation, just as the committee has done over the last several years. 
It is my hope that as the legislation 
moves forward, we will be able to dis-pose of the Guantanamo provisions—I will have an amendment to address that in a few minutes—and that we can also resolve the issues regarding the overseas contingency account. I look forward to working with my colleague 
as the bill moves forward to address those issues. 
I want to join the chairman in salut-
ing the members of the intelligence community—the men and women who do such an extraordinary job for us each and every day. They have our sin-cerest gratitude and full appreciation for their dedication, their patriotism, and their unparalleled skills. I also want to thank again our chairman for his leadership, his commitment to bi-partisanship, and his determination to do what is right. I want to thank our colleagues on the committee, who have done an extraordinary job in helping to put this bill together. 
I also want to join the chairman in 
thanking our wonderful staff on our side of the aisle. I want to thank Carly Blake, Linda Cohen, Allison Getty, Robert Minehart, Amanda Rogers Thorpe, Rheanne Wirkkala, as well as Patrick Boland and our shared tech-nical and security staff, including Kris-tin Jepson, Brandon Smith, and Kevin Klein. We have an extraordinary team on the committee. It is a great pleas-ure to serve and work with each and every one of them. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chair, I yield myself 
such time as I may consume. 
I want to thank the ranking member 
for his continued cooperation to work in a bipartisan fashion. As I think most Americans know, the threats continue to add up every day, and it is up to the men and women in the intelligence community to help keep us safe. I know the ranking member and I are committed to doing just that. 
With that, I look forward to debate 
on the amendments and passage of the final underlying bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. All time for general de-
bate has expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be 
considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. 
In lieu of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute recommended by the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–19. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 2596 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
Sec. 2. Definitions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.026 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4400 June 16, 2015 
TITLE I—INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES 
Sec. 101. Authorization of appropriations. 
Sec. 102. Classified schedule of authorizations. Sec. 103. Personnel ceiling adjustments. Sec. 104. Intelligence Community Management 
Account. 
TITLE II—CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGEN-
CY RETIREMENT AND DISABILITY SYS-TEM 
Sec. 201. Authorization of appropriations. 
TITLE III—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—General Matters 
Sec. 301. Increase in employee compensation 
and benefits authorized by law. 
Sec. 302. Restriction on conduct of intelligence 
activities. 
Sec. 303. Prior congressional notification of ini-
tiations of certain new special ac-cess programs. 
Sec. 304. Prior congressional notification of 
transfers of funds for certain in-telligence activities. 
Sec. 305. Designation of lead intelligence officer 
for tunnels. 
Sec. 306. Clarification of authority of Privacy 
and Civil Liberties Oversight Board. 
Sec. 307. Reporting process required for track-
ing certain requests for country clearance. 
Sec. 308. Prohibition on sharing of certain in-
formation in response to foreign government inquiries. 
Sec. 309. National Cyber Threat Intelligence In-
tegration Center. 
Sec. 310. Intelligence community business sys-
tem transformation. 
Sec. 311. Inclusion of Inspector General of In-
telligence Community in Council of Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency. 
Sec. 312. Authorities of the Inspector General 
for the Central Intelligence Agen-cy. 
Sec. 313. Provision of information and assist-
ance to Inspector General of the Intelligence Community. 
Sec. 314. Clarification relating to information 
access by Comptroller General. 
Sec. 315. Use of homeland security grant funds 
in conjunction with Department of Energy national laboratories. 
Sec. 316. Technical amendments relating to pay 
under title 5, United States Code. 
Subtitle B—Matters Relating to United States 
Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba 
Sec. 321. Prohibition on use of funds for trans-
fer or release of individuals de-tained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
Sec. 322. Prohibition on use of funds to con-
struct or modify facilities in United States to house detainees transferred from United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
Sec. 323. Prohibition on use of funds to transfer 
or release individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to com-bat zones. 
Subtitle C—Reports 
Sec. 331. Reports to Congress on individuals 
formerly detained at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba. 
Sec. 332. Reports on foreign fighters. Sec. 333. Reports on prisoner population at 
United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
Sec. 334. Report on use of certain business con-
cerns. 
Sec. 335. Repeal of certain reporting require-
ments. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (a) C ONGRESSIONAL INTELLIGENCE COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘congressional intelligence 
committees’’ means— 
(1) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the 
Senate; and 
(2) the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-
ligence of the House of Representatives. 
(b) I NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY .—The term ‘‘in-
telligence community’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)). 
TITLE I—INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES 
SEC. 101. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the conduct of the intelligence and intelligence-related activi-ties of the following elements of the United States Government: 
(1) The Office of the Director of National In-
telligence. 
(2) The Central Intelligence Agency. (3) The Department of Defense. (4) The Defense Intelligence Agency. (5) The National Security Agency. (6) The Department of the Army, the Depart-
ment of the Navy, and the Department of the Air Force. 
(7) The Coast Guard. (8) The Department of State. (9) The Department of the Treasury. (10) The Department of Energy. (11) The Department of Justice. (12) The Federal Bureau of Investigation. (13) The Drug Enforcement Administration. (14) The National Reconnaissance Office. (15) The National Geospatial-Intelligence 
Agency. 
(16) The Department of Homeland Security. 
SEC. 102. CLASSIFIED SCHEDULE OF AUTHORIZA-
TIONS. 
(a) S PECIFICATIONS OF AMOUNTS AND PER-
SONNEL LEVELS .—The amounts authorized to be 
appropriated under section 101 and, subject to section 103, the authorized personnel ceilings as of September 30, 2016, for the conduct of the in-telligence activities of the elements listed in paragraphs (1) through (16) of section 101, are those specified in the classified Schedule of Au-thorizations prepared to accompany the bill H.R. 2596 of the One Hundred Fourteenth Con-gress. 
(b) A
VAILABILITY OF CLASSIFIED SCHEDULE OF  
AUTHORIZATIONS .— 
(1) A VAILABILITY .—The classified Schedule of 
Authorizations referred to in subsection (a) shall be made available to the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate, the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and to the President. 
(2) D
ISTRIBUTION BY THE PRESIDENT .—Subject 
to paragraph (3), the President shall provide for suitable distribution of the classified Schedule of Authorizations, or of appropriate portions of the Schedule, within the executive branch. 
(3) L
IMITS ON DISCLOSURE .—The President 
shall not publicly disclose the classified Sched-ule of Authorizations or any portion of such Schedule except— 
(A) as provided in section 601(a) of the Imple-
menting Recommendations of the 9/11 Commis-sion Act of 2007 (50 U.S.C. 3306(a)); 
(B) to the extent necessary to implement the 
budget; or 
(C) as otherwise required by law. 
SEC. 103. PERSONNEL CEILING ADJUSTMENTS. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR INCREASES .—The Director 
of National Intelligence may authorize employ-ment of civilian personnel in excess of the num-ber authorized for fiscal year 2016 by the classi-fied Schedule of Authorizations referred to in section 102(a) if the Director of National Intel-ligence determines that such action is necessary to the performance of important intelligence functions, except that the number of personnel employed in excess of the number authorized under such section may not, for any element of the intelligence community, exceed 3 percent of the number of civilian personnel authorized 
under such schedule for such element. 
(b) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN PERSONNEL .—The 
Director of National Intelligence shall establish guidelines that govern, for each element of the intelligence community, the treatment under the personnel levels authorized under section 102(a), including any exemption from such personnel levels, of employment or assignment in— 
(1) a student program, trainee program, or 
similar program; 
(2) a reserve corps or as a reemployed annu-
itant; or 
(3) details, joint duty, or long-term, full-time 
training. 
(c) N
OTICE TO CONGRESSIONAL INTELLIGENCE  
COMMITTEES .—The Director of National Intel-
ligence shall notify the congressional intel-ligence committees in writing at least 15 days prior to each exercise of an authority described in subsection (a). 
SEC. 104. INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY MANAGE-
MENT ACCOUNT. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated for the Intelligence Community Management Account of the Director of National Intelligence for fiscal year 2016 the sum of $501,850,000. Within such amount, funds identified in the classified Sched-ule of Authorizations referred to in section 102(a) for advanced research and development shall remain available until September 30, 2017. 
(b) A
UTHORIZED PERSONNEL LEVELS .—The ele-
ments within the Intelligence Community Man-agement Account of the Director of National In-telligence are authorized 785 positions as of Sep-tember 30, 2016. Personnel serving in such ele-ments may be permanent employees of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence or per-sonnel detailed from other elements of the United States Government. 
(c) C
LASSIFIED AUTHORIZATIONS .— 
(1) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—In 
addition to amounts authorized to be appro-priated for the Intelligence Community Manage-ment Account by subsection (a), there are au-thorized to be appropriated for the Community Management Account for fiscal year 2016 such additional amounts as are specified in the clas-sified Schedule of Authorizations referred to in section 102(a). Such additional amounts for ad-vanced research and development shall remain available until September 30, 2017. 
(2) A
UTHORIZATION OF PERSONNEL .—In addi-
tion to the personnel authorized by subsection (b) for elements of the Intelligence Community Management Account as of September 30, 2016, there are authorized such additional personnel for the Community Management Account as of that date as are specified in the classified Schedule of Authorizations referred to in section 102(a). 
TITLE II—CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGEN-
CY RETIREMENT AND DISABILITY SYS-TEM 
SEC. 201. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated for the 
Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Dis-ability Fund for fiscal year 2016 the sum of $514,000,000. 
TITLE III—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—General Matters 
SEC. 301. INCREASE IN EMPLOYEE COMPENSA-
TION AND BENEFITS AUTHORIZED BY LAW. 
Appropriations authorized by this Act for sal-
ary, pay, retirement, and other benefits for Fed-eral employees may be increased by such addi-tional or supplemental amounts as may be nec-essary for increases in such compensation or benefits authorized by law. 
SEC. 302. RESTRICTION ON CONDUCT OF INTEL-
LIGENCE ACTIVITIES. 
The authorization of appropriations by this 
Act shall not be deemed to constitute authority for the conduct of any intelligence activity 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16JN7.009 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4401 June 16, 2015 
which is not otherwise authorized by the Con-
stitution or the laws of the United States. 
SEC. 303. PRIOR CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION 
OF INITIATIONS OF CERTAIN NEW SPECIAL ACCESS PROGRAMS. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Except as provided in sub-
section (b), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the intelligence community for fis-cal year 2016 may be used to initiate any new special access program pertaining to any intel-ligence or intelligence-related activity or covert action unless the Director of National Intel-ligence or the Secretary of Defense, as appro-priate, submits to the congressional intelligence committees and the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the House of Representatives and the Senate, by not later than 30 days before initi-ating such a program, written notification of the intention to initiate the program. 
(b) W
AIVER .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director of National In-
telligence or the Secretary of Defense, as appro-priate, may waive subsection (a) with respect to the initiation of a new special access program if the Director or Secretary, as the case may be, determines that an emergency situation makes it impossible or impractical to provide the notice required under such subsection by the date that is 30 days before such initiation. 
(2) N
OTICE .—If the Director or Secretary 
issues a waiver under paragraph (1), the Direc-tor or Secretary, as the case may be, shall sub-mit to the congressional intelligence committees and the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, by not later than 48 hours after the initiation of the new special access program covered by the waiv-er, written notice of the waiver and a justifica-tion for the waiver, including a description of the emergency situation that necessitated the waiver. 
(c) S
PECIAL ACCESS PROGRAM DEFINED .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘special access program’’ has the meaning given such term in Executive Order 13526 as in effect on the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 304. PRIOR CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION 
OF TRANSFERS OF FUNDS FOR CER-TAIN INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Except as provided in sub-
section (b), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the intelligence community for fis-cal year 2016 may be used to initiate a transfer of funds from the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Fund or the Counterterrorism Partnerships Fund to be used for intelligence activities unless the Director of National Intel-ligence or the Secretary of Defense, as appro-priate, submits to the congressional intelligence committees, by not later than 30 days before ini-tiating such a transfer, written notice of the transfer. 
(b) W
AIVER .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director of National In-
telligence or the Secretary of Defense, as appro-priate, may waive subsection (a) with respect to the initiation of a transfer of funds if the Direc-tor or Secretary, as the case may be, determines that an emergency situation makes it impossible or impractical to provide the notice required under such subsection by the date that is 30 days before such initiation. 
(2) N
OTICE .—If the Director or Secretary 
issues a waiver under paragraph (1), the Direc-tor or Secretary, as the case may be, shall sub-mit to the congressional intelligence committees, by not later than 48 hours after the initiation of the transfer of funds covered by the waiver, written notice of the waiver and a justification for the waiver, including a description of the emergency situation that necessitated the waiv-er. 
SEC. 305. DESIGNATION OF LEAD INTELLIGENCE 
OFFICER FOR TUNNELS. 
The Director of National Intelligence shall 
designate an official to manage the collection and analysis of intelligence regarding the tac-
tical use of tunnels by state and nonstate ac-tors. 
SEC. 306. CLARIFICATION OF AUTHORITY OF PRI-
VACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVER-SIGHT BOARD. 
Section 1061(g) of the Intelligence Reform and 
Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee(g)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(5) L
IMITATIONS .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to authorize the Board, or any agent thereof, to gain access to information that an executive branch agency deems related to covert action, as such term is defined in sec-tion 503(e) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3093(e)).’’. 
SEC. 307. REPORTING PROCESS REQUIRED FOR 
TRACKING CERTAIN REQUESTS FOR COUNTRY CLEARANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—By not later than September 
30, 2016, the Director of National Intelligence shall establish a formal internal reporting proc-ess for tracking requests for country clearance submitted to overseas Director of National Intel-ligence representatives by departments and agencies of the United States. Such reporting process shall include a mechanism for tracking the department or agency that submits each such request and the date on which each such request is submitted. 
(b) C
ONGRESSIONAL BRIEFING .—By not later 
than December 31, 2016, the Director of National Intelligence shall brief the congressional intel-ligence committees on the progress of the Direc-tor in establishing the process required under subsection (a). 
SEC. 308. PROHIBITION ON SHARING OF CERTAIN 
INFORMATION IN RESPONSE TO FOREIGN GOVERNMENT INQUIRIES. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated by this Act for any ele-ment of the intelligence community may be used to respond to, share, or authorize the sharing of any non-public information related to intel-ligence activities carried out by the United States in response to a legislative or judicial in-quiry from a foreign government into the intel-ligence activities of the United States. 
(b) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—Not later 
than 30 days after an element of the intelligence community receives a legislative or judicial in-quiry from a foreign government related to intel-ligence activities carried out by the United States, the element shall submit to the congres-sional intelligence committees written notifica-tion of the inquiry. 
(c) C
LARIFICATION REGARDING COLLABORA -
TION WITHFOREIGN PARTNERS .—The prohibition 
under subsection (a) shall not be construed as limiting routine intelligence activities with for-eign partners, except in any case in which the central focus of the collaboration with the for-eign partner is to obtain information for, or so-licit a response to, a legislative or judicial in-quiry from a foreign government related to intel-ligence activities carried out by the United States. 
SEC. 309. NATIONAL CYBER THREAT INTEL-
LIGENCE INTEGRATION CENTER. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Title I of the National 
Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3021 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating section 119B as section 
119C; and 
(2) by inserting after section 119A the fol-
lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 119B. CYBER THREAT INTELLIGENCE INTE-
GRATION CENTER. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is within the Of-
fice of the Director of National Intelligence a Cyber Threat Intelligence Integration Center. 
‘‘(b) D
IRECTOR .—There is a Director of the 
Cyber Threat Intelligence Integration Center, who shall be the head of the Cyber Threat Intel-ligence Integration Center, and who shall be ap-pointed by the Director of National Intelligence. ‘‘(c) P
RIMARY MISSIONS .—The Cyber Threat 
Intelligence Integration Center shall— 
‘‘(1) serve as the primary organization within 
the Federal Government for analyzing and inte-grating all intelligence possessed or acquired by the United States pertaining to cyber threats; 
‘‘(2) ensure that appropriate departments and 
agencies of the Federal Government have full access to and receive all-source intelligence sup-port needed to execute the cyber threat intel-ligence activities of such agencies and to per-form independent, alternative analyses; 
‘‘(3) disseminate cyber threat analysis to the 
President, the appropriate departments and agencies of the Federal Government, and the appropriate committees of Congress; 
‘‘(4) coordinate cyber threat intelligence ac-
tivities of the departments and agencies of the Federal Government; and 
‘‘(5) conduct strategic cyber threat intelligence 
planning for the Federal Government. 
‘‘(d) L
IMITATIONS .—The Cyber Threat Intel-
ligence Integration Center— 
‘‘(1) may not have more than 50 permanent 
positions; 
‘‘(2) in carrying out the primary missions of 
the Center described in subsection (c), may not augment staffing through detailees, assignees, or core contractor personnel or enter into any personal services contracts to exceed the limita-tion under paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(3) shall be located in a building owned or 
operated by an element of the intelligence com-munity as of the date of the enactment of this section.’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENTS .—The 
table of contents in the first section of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947, as amended by sec-tion 102 of this title, is further amended by strik-ing the item relating to section 119B and insert-ing the following new items: 
‘‘Sec. 119B. Cyber Threat Intelligence Integra-
tion Center. 
‘‘Sec. 119C. National intelligence centers.’’. 
SEC. 310. INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY BUSINESS 
SYSTEM TRANSFORMATION. 
Section 506D of the National Security Act of 
1947 (50 U.S.C. 3100) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘
INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY BUSINESS SYSTEM  
TRANSFORMATION  
‘‘SEC. 506D. (a) L IMITATION ON OBLIGATION OF  
FUNDS.—(1) Subject to paragraph (3), no funds 
appropriated to any element of the intelligence community may be obligated for an intelligence community business system transformation that will have a total cost in excess of $3,000,000 un-less the Chief Information Officer of the Intel-ligence Community makes a certification de-scribed in paragraph (2) with respect to such in-telligence community business system trans-formation. 
‘‘(2) The certification described in this para-
graph for an intelligence community business system transformation is a certification made by the Chief Information Officer of the Intelligence Community that the intelligence community business system transformation— 
‘‘(A) complies with the enterprise architecture 
under subsection (b) and such other policies and standards that the Chief Information Officer of the Intelligence Community considers appro-priate; or 
‘‘(B) is necessary— ‘‘(i) to achieve a critical national security ca-
pability or address a critical requirement; or 
‘‘(ii) to prevent a significant adverse effect on 
a project that is needed to achieve an essential capability, taking into consideration any alter-native solutions for preventing such adverse ef-fect. 
‘‘(3) With respect to a fiscal year after fiscal 
year 2010, the amount referred to in paragraph (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) shall be equal to the sum of— 
‘‘(A) the amount in effect under such para-
graph (1) for the preceding fiscal year (deter-mined after application of this paragraph), plus 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16JN7.009 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4402 June 16, 2015 
‘‘(B) such amount multiplied by the annual 
percentage increase in the Consumer Price Index (all items; U.S. city average) as of September of the previous fiscal year. 
‘‘(b) E
NTERPRISE ARCHITECTURE FOR INTEL-
LIGENCE COMMUNITY BUSINESS SYSTEMS .—(1) 
The Director of National Intelligence shall de-velop and implement an enterprise architecture to cover all intelligence community business sys-tems, and the functions and activities supported by such business systems. The enterprise archi-tecture shall be sufficiently defined to effec-tively guide, constrain, and permit implementa-tion of interoperable intelligence community business system solutions, consistent with appli-cable policies and procedures established by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. 
‘‘(2) The enterprise architecture under para-
graph (1) shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) An information infrastructure that will 
enable the intelligence community to— 
‘‘(i) comply with all Federal accounting, fi-
nancial management, and reporting require-ments; 
‘‘(ii) routinely produce timely, accurate, and 
reliable financial information for management purposes; 
‘‘(iii) integrate budget, accounting, and pro-
gram information and systems; and 
‘‘(iv) provide for the measurement of perform-
ance, including the ability to produce timely, relevant, and reliable cost information. 
‘‘(B) Policies, procedures, data standards, and 
system interface requirements that apply uni-formly throughout the intelligence community. 
‘‘(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES FOR INTELLIGENCE  
COMMUNITY BUSINESS SYSTEM TRANS-
FORMATION .—The Director of National Intel-
ligence shall be responsible for the entire life cycle of an intelligence community business sys-tem transformation, including review, approval, and oversight of the planning, design, acquisi-tion, deployment, operation, and maintenance of the business system transformation. 
‘‘(d) I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY BUSINESS SYS-
TEMINVESTMENT REVIEW .—(1) The Chief Infor-
mation Officer of the Intelligence Community shall establish and implement, not later than 60 days after October 7, 2010, an investment review process for the intelligence community business systems for which the Chief Information Officer of the Intelligence Community is responsible. 
‘‘(2) The investment review process under 
paragraph (1) shall— 
‘‘(A) meet the requirements of section 11312 of 
title 40, United States Code; and 
‘‘(B) specifically set forth the responsibilities 
of the Chief Information Office of the Intel-ligence Community under such review process. 
‘‘(3) The investment review process under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: 
‘‘(A) Review and approval by an investment 
review board (consisting of appropriate rep-resentatives of the intelligence community) of each intelligence community business system as an investment before the obligation of funds for such system. 
‘‘(B) Periodic review, but not less often than 
annually, of every intelligence community busi-ness system investment. 
‘‘(C) Thresholds for levels of review to ensure 
appropriate review of intelligence community business system investments depending on the scope, complexity, and cost of the system in-volved. 
‘‘(D) Procedures for making certifications in 
accordance with the requirements of subsection (a)(2). 
‘‘(e) R
ELATION TO ANNUAL REGISTRATION RE-
QUIREMENTS .—Nothing in this section shall be 
construed to alter the requirements of section 8083 of the Department of Defense Appropria-tions Act, 2005 (Public Law 108–287; 118 Stat. 989), with regard to information technology sys-tems (as defined in subsection (d) of such sec-tion). ‘‘(f) R
ELATIONSHIP TO DEFENSE BUSINESS EN-
TERPRISE ARCHITECTURE .—Intelligence commu-
nity business system transformations certified under this section shall be deemed to be in com-pliance with section 2222 of title 10, United States Code. Nothing in this section shall be construed to exempt funds authorized to be ap-propriated to the Department of Defense for ac-tivities other than an intelligence community business system transformation from the require-ments of such section 2222, to the extent that such requirements are otherwise applicable. 
‘‘(g) R
ELATION TO CLINGER -COHEN ACT.—(1) 
Executive agency responsibilities in chapter 113 of title 40, United States Code, for any intel-ligence community business system trans-formation shall be exercised jointly by— 
‘‘(A) the Director of National Intelligence and 
the Chief Information Officer of the Intelligence Community; and 
‘‘(B) the head of the executive agency that 
contains the element of the intelligence commu-nity involved and the chief information officer of that executive agency. 
‘‘(2) The Director of National Intelligence and 
the head of the executive agency referred to in paragraph (1)(B) shall enter into a memo-randum of understanding to carry out the re-quirements of this section in a manner that best meets the needs of the intelligence community and the executive agency. 
‘‘(h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘enterprise architecture’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 3601(4) of title 44, United States Code. 
‘‘(2) The terms ‘information system’ and ‘in-
formation technology’ have the meanings given those terms in section 11101 of title 40, United States Code. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘intelligence community busi-
ness system’ means an information system, in-cluding a national security system, that is oper-ated by, for, or on behalf of an element of the intelligence community, including a financial system, mixed system, financial data feeder sys-tem, and the business infrastructure capabilities shared by the systems of the business enterprise architecture, including people, process, and technology, that build upon the core infrastruc-ture used to support business activities, such as acquisition, financial management, logistics, strategic planning and budgeting, installations and environment, and human resource manage-ment. 
‘‘(4) The term ‘intelligence community busi-
ness system transformation’ means— 
‘‘(A) the acquisition or development of a new 
intelligence community business system; or 
‘‘(B) any significant modification or enhance-
ment of an existing intelligence community busi-ness system (other than necessary to maintain current services). 
‘‘(5) The term ‘national security system’ has 
the meaning given that term in section 3552(b) of title 44, United States Code.’’. 
SEC. 311. INCLUSION OF INSPECTOR GENERAL OF 
INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY IN COUNCIL OF INSPECTORS GENERAL ON INTEGRITY AND EFFICIENCY. 
Section 11(b)(1)(B) of the Inspector General 
Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–452; 5 U.S.C. App.) is amended by striking ‘‘the Office of the Direc-tor of National Intelligence’’ and inserting ‘‘the Intelligence Community’’. 
SEC. 312. AUTHORITIES OF THE INSPECTOR GEN-
ERAL FOR THE CENTRAL INTEL-LIGENCE AGENCY. 
(a) I NFORMATION AND ASSISTANCE .—Para-
graph (9) of section 17(e) of the Central Intel-ligence Agency Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3517(e)(9)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(9)(A) The Inspector General may request 
such information or assistance as may be nec-essary for carrying out the duties and respon-sibilities of the Inspector General provided by this section from any Federal, State, or local governmental agency or unit thereof. 
‘‘(B) Upon request of the Inspector General 
for information or assistance from a department or agency of the Federal Government, the head 
of the department or agency involved, insofar as practicable and not in contravention of any ex-isting statutory restriction or regulation of such department or agency, shall furnish to the In-spector General, or to an authorized designee, such information or assistance. 
‘‘(C) Nothing in this paragraph may be con-
strued to provide any new authority to the Cen-tral Intelligence Agency to conduct intelligence activity in the United States. 
‘‘(D) In this paragraph, the term ‘State’ 
means each of the several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands, and any territory or possession of the United States.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS RELATING TO SE-
LECTION OF EMPLOYEES .—Paragraph (7) of such 
section (50 U.S.C. 3517(e)(7)) is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ before ‘‘Subject to ap-
plicable law’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(B) Consistent with budgetary and personnel 
resources allocated by the Director, the Inspec-tor General has final approval of— 
‘‘(i) the selection of internal and external can-
didates for employment with the Office of In-spector General; and 
‘‘(ii) all other personnel decisions concerning 
personnel permanently assigned to the Office of Inspector General, including selection and ap-pointment to the Senior Intelligence Service, but excluding all security-based determinations that are not within the authority of a head of other Central Intelligence Agency offices.’’. 
SEC. 313. PROVISION OF INFORMATION AND AS-
SISTANCE TO INSPECTOR GENERAL OF THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY. 
Section 103H(j)(4) of the National Security Act 
of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3033) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘any de-
partment, agency, or other element of the United States Government’’ and inserting ‘‘any Federal, State (as defined in section 804), or local governmental agency or unit thereof’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘from a 
department, agency, or element of the Federal Government’’ before ‘‘under subparagraph (A)’’. 
SEC. 314. CLARIFICATION RELATING TO INFOR-
MATION ACCESS BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL. 
Section 348(a) of the Intelligence Authoriza-
tion Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111– 259; 124 Stat. 2700; 50 U.S.C. 3308) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(4) R
EQUESTS BY CERTAIN CONGRESSIONAL  
COMMITTEES .—Consistent with the protection of 
classified information, the directive issued under paragraph (1) shall not prohibit the Comptroller General from obtaining information necessary to carry out the following audits or reviews: 
‘‘(A) An audit or review carried out— ‘‘(i) at the request of the congressional intel-
ligence committees; or 
‘‘(ii) pursuant to— ‘‘(I) an intelligence authorization Act; ‘‘(II) a committee report or joint explanatory 
statement accompanying an intelligence author-ization Act; or 
‘‘(III) a classified annex to a committee report 
or joint explanatory statement accompanying an intelligence authorization Act. 
‘‘(B) An audit or review pertaining to intel-
ligence activities of the Department of Defense carried out— 
‘‘(i) at the request of the congressional defense 
committees (as defined in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code); or 
‘‘(ii) pursuant to a national defense author-
ization Act.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16JN7.009 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4403 June 16, 2015 
SEC. 315. USE OF HOMELAND SECURITY GRANT 
FUNDS IN CONJUNCTION WITH DE-PARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL LABORATORIES. 
Section 2008(a) of the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 609(a)) is amended in the mat-ter preceding paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘in-cluding by working in conjunction with a Na-tional Laboratory (as defined in section 2(3) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15801(3)),’’ after ‘‘plans,’’. 
SEC. 316. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS RELATING 
TO PAY UNDER TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Section 5102(a)(1) of title 5, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in clause (vii), by striking ‘‘or’’; (2) by inserting after clause (vii) the following 
new clause: 
‘‘(viii) the Office of the Director of National 
Intelligence;’’; and 
(3) in clause (x), by striking the period and in-
serting a semicolon. 
Subtitle B—Matters Relating to United States 
Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba 
SEC. 321. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR 
TRANSFER OR RELEASE OF INDIVID-UALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
No amounts authorized to be appropriated or 
otherwise made available to an element of the intelligence community may be used during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2016, to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or re-lease, to or within the United States, its terri-tories, or possessions, Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other individual detained at Guanta-namo (as such term is defined in section 322(c)). 
SEC. 322. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS TO 
CONSTRUCT OR MODIFY FACILITIES IN UNITED STATES TO HOUSE DE-TAINEES TRANSFERRED FROM UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No amounts authorized to 
be appropriated or otherwise made available to an element of the intelligence community may be used during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on Decem-ber 31, 2016, to construct or modify any facility in the United States, its territories, or posses-sions to house any individual detained at Guan-tanamo for the purposes of detention or impris-onment in the custody or under the control of the Department of Defense. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibition in subsection 
(a) shall not apply to any modification of facili-ties at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba. 
(c) I
NDIVIDUAL DETAINED AT GUANTANAMO  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘individual 
detained at Guantanamo’’ means any indi-vidual located at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as of October 1, 2009, who— 
(1) is not a citizen of the United States or a 
member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
(2) is— (A) in the custody or under the control of the 
Department of Defense; or 
(B) otherwise under detention at United 
States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
SEC. 323. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS TO 
TRANSFER OR RELEASE INDIVID-UALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO COMBAT ZONES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No amounts authorized to 
be appropriated or otherwise made available to an element of the intelligence community may be used during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on Decem-ber 31, 2016, to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release of any individual detained in the custody or under the control of the Depart-ment of Defense at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to a combat zone. (b) C
OMBAT ZONEDEFINED .—In this section, 
the term ‘‘combat zone’’ means any area des-ignated as a combat zone for purposes of section 112 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 for which the income of a member of the Armed Forces was excluded during 2014, 2015, or 2016 by reason of the member’s service on active duty in such area. 
Subtitle C—Reports 
SEC. 331. REPORTS TO CONGRESS ON INDIVID-
UALS FORMERLY DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
(a) A DDITIONAL MATTERS FOR INCLUSION IN  
REPORTS .—Subsection (c) of section 319 of the 
Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2009 (Public Law 111–32; 123 Stat. 1874; 10 U.S.C. 801 note) is amended by adding after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing new paragraphs: 
‘‘(6) A summary of all contact by any means 
of communication, including telecommuni-cations, electronic or technical means, in per-son, written communications, or any other means of communication, regardless of content, between any individual formerly detained at Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and any individual known or suspected to be associ-ated with a foreign terrorist group. 
‘‘(7) A description of whether any of the con-
tact described in the summary required by para-graph (6) included any information or discus-sion about hostilities against the United States or its allies or partners. 
‘‘(8) For each individual described in para-
graph (4), the period of time between the date on which the individual was released or trans-ferred from Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and the date on which it is confirmed that the individual is suspected or confirmed of reengaging in terrorist activities. 
‘‘(9) The average period of time described in 
paragraph (8) for all the individuals described in paragraph (4).’’. 
(b) F
ORM.—Subsection (a) of such section is 
amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The reports may be submitted in classified form.’’. 
(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section or the amendments made by this section shall be construed to terminate, alter, modify, override, or otherwise affect any reporting of in-formation required under section 319(c) of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2009 (Public Law 111–32; 123 Stat. 1874; 10 U.S.C. 801 note), as in effect immediately before the enactment of this section. 
SEC. 332. REPORTS ON FOREIGN FIGHTERS. 
(a) R EPORTS REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 60 days thereafter, the Director of Na-tional Intelligence shall submit to the congres-sional intelligence committees a report on for-eign fighter flows to and from Syria and to and from Iraq. The Director shall define the term ‘‘foreign fighter’’ in such reports. 
(b) M
ATTERS TOBEINCLUDED .—Each report 
submitted under subsection (a) shall include each of the following: 
(1) The total number of foreign fighters who 
have traveled to Syria or Iraq since January 1, 2011, the total number of foreign fighters in Syria or Iraq as of the date of the submittal of the report, the total number of foreign fighters whose countries of origin have a visa waiver program described in section 217 of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187), the total number of foreign fighters who have left Syria or Iraq, the total number of female foreign fighters, and the total number of deceased for-eign fighters. 
(2) The total number of United States persons 
who have traveled or attempted to travel to Syria or Iraq since January 1, 2011, the total number of such persons who have arrived in Syria or Iraq since such date, and the total number of such persons who have returned to the United States from Syria or Iraq since such date. (3) The total number of foreign fighters in 
Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment and the status of each such foreign fighter in that database, the number of such foreign fighters who are on a watchlist, and the number of such foreign fighters who are not on a watchlist. 
(4) The total number of foreign fighters who 
have been processed with biometrics, including face images, fingerprints, and iris scans. 
(5) Any programmatic updates to the foreign 
fighter report since the last report was issued, including updated analysis on foreign country cooperation, as well as actions taken, such as denying or revoking visas. 
(6) A worldwide graphic that describes foreign 
fighters flows to and from Syria, with points of origin by country. 
(c) F
ORM.—The reports submitted under sub-
section (a) may be submitted in classified form. 
(d) T ERMINATION .—The requirement to submit 
reports under subsection (a) shall terminate on the date that is three years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 333. REPORTS ON PRISONER POPULATION 
AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
(a) R EPORTS REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 30 days thereafter, the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit to the Members of Congress specified in subsection (b) a report on the prisoner popu-lation at the detention facility at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
(b) S
PECIFIED MEMBERS AND COMMITTEES OF  
CONGRESS .—The Members of Congress specified 
in this subsection are the following: 
(1) The majority leader and minority leader of 
the Senate. 
(2) The Chairman and Ranking Member of the 
Committee on Armed Services of the Senate. 
(3) The Chairman and Vice Chairman of the 
Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
(4) The Chairman and Vice Chairman of the 
Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. 
(5) The Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives. 
(6) The minority leader of the House of Rep-
resentatives. 
(7) The Chairman and Ranking Member of the 
Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. 
(8) The Chairman and Ranking Member of the 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
(9) The Chairman and Ranking Member of the 
Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
(c) M
ATTERS TOBEINCLUDED .—Each report 
submitted under subsection (a) shall include each of the following: 
(1) The name and country of origin of each 
prisoner detained at the detention facility at United States Naval Station Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as of the date of such report. 
(2) A current summary of the evidence, intel-
ligence, and information used to justify the de-tention of each prisoner listed under paragraph (1) at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
(3) A current accounting of all the measures 
taken to transfer each prisoner listed under paragraph (1) to the individual’s country of citi-zenship or another country. 
(4) A current description of the number of in-
dividuals released or transferred from detention at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, who are confirmed or suspected of returning to terrorist activities after such release or transfer. 
(5) An assessment of any efforts by foreign 
terrorist organizations to recruit individuals re-leased from detention at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
(6) A summary of all contact by any means of 
communication, including telecommunications, electronic or technical means, in person, written 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16JN7.009 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4404 June 16, 2015 
communications, or any other means of commu-
nication, regardless of content, between any in-dividual formerly detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and any individual known or suspected to be associ-ated with a foreign terrorist group. 
(7) A description of whether any of the con-
tact described in the summary required by para-graph (6) included any information or discus-sion about hostilities against the United States or its allies or partners. 
(8) For each individual described in para-
graph (4), the period of time between the date on which the individual was released or trans-ferred from United States Naval Station, Guan-tanamo Bay, Cuba, and the date on which it is confirmed that the individual is suspected or confirmed of reengaging in terrorist activities. 
(9) The average period of time described in 
paragraph (8) for all the individuals described in paragraph (4). 
SEC. 334. REPORT ON USE OF CERTAIN BUSINESS 
CONCERNS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional intelligence communities a report on the representation, as of the date of the re-port, of covered business concerns among the contractors that are awarded contracts by ele-ments of the intelligence community for goods, equipment, tools, and services. 
(b) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The report under 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) The representation of covered business 
concerns as described in subsection (a), includ-ing such representation by— 
(A) each type of covered business concern; 
and 
(B) each element of the intelligence commu-
nity. 
(2) If, as of the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Director does not record and monitor the statistics required to carry out this section, a description of the actions taken by the Direc-tor to ensure that such statistics are recorded and monitored beginning in fiscal year 2016. 
(3) The actions the Director plans to take dur-
ing fiscal year 2016 to enhance the awarding of contracts to covered business concerns by ele-ments of the intelligence community. 
(c) C
OVERED BUSINESS CONCERNS DEFINED .— 
In this section, the term ‘‘covered business con-cerns’’ means the following: 
(1) Minority-owned businesses. (2) Women-owned businesses. (3) Small disadvantaged businesses. (4) Service-disabled veteran-owned businesses. (5) Veteran-owned small businesses. 
SEC. 335. REPEAL OF CERTAIN REPORTING RE-
QUIREMENTS. 
(a) Q UADRENNIAL AUDIT OF POSITIONS RE-
QUIRING SECURITY CLEARANCES .—Section 506H 
of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3104) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (a); and (2) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as 
subsections (a) and (b), respectively. 
(b) R
EPORTS ON ROLE OF ANALYSTS AT FBI 
AND FBI I NFORMATION SHARING .—Section 
2001(g) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–458; 118 Stat. 3700; 28 U.S.C. 532 note) is amended by striking paragraphs (3) and (4). 
(c) R
EPORT ON OUTSIDE EMPLOYMENT BY OF-
FICERS AND EMPLOYEES OF INTELLIGENCE COM-
MUNITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 102A(u) of the Na-
tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘(1) The Director’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘The Director’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (2). (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (a) 
of section 507 of such Act (50 U.S.C. 3106(a)) is amended— 
(A) by striking paragraph (5); and (B) by redesignating paragraph (6) as para-
graph (5). 
(3) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Subsection (c)(1) 
of such section 507 is amended by striking ‘‘sub-section (a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)’’. 
(d) R
EPORTS ON NUCLEAR ASPIRATIONS OF  
NON-STATE ENTITIES .—Section 1055 of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (50 U.S.C. 2371) is repealed. 
(e) R
EPORTS ON ESPIONAGE BY PEOPLE ’SRE-
PUBLIC OF CHINA.—Section 3151 of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2000 (42 U.S.C. 7383e) is repealed. 
(f) R
EPORTS ON SECURITY VULNERABILITIES OF  
NATIONAL LABORATORY COMPUTERS .—Section 
4508 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2659) is repealed. 
The CHAIR. No amendment to the 
amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–155. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . ISRAEL  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–155. 
Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 12, line 10, strike ‘‘The Director’’ and 
insert ‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director’’. 
Page 12, after line 13, insert the following: 
(b) A NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than the 
date that is 10 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, and biennially there-after until the date that is four years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall sub-mit to the congressional intelligence com-mittees and the congressional defense com-mittees (as such term is defined in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code) a re-port describing— 
(1) trends in the use of tunnels by foreign 
state and nonstate actors; and 
(2) collaboration efforts between the 
United States and partner countries to ad-dress the use of tunnels by adversaries. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 315, the gentleman from New York (Mr. I
SRAEL ) and a Member op-
posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an 
amendment with my very good friend from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) and my 
very good friend from Florida (Ms. G
RAHAM ). This is a bipartisan amend-
ment with respect to tunnels being used as a military tactic, technology, and strategy in asymmetric warfare. 
Mr. Chairman, almost exactly a year 
ago, when war broke out in the Middle East and Hamas attacked Israel, I vis-ited Israel and saw for myself the so-phistication of the tunnels being dug from Gaza to Israel through which ter-
rorists traveled. They went to the other side of the tunnels, popped up, and tried to kill innocent civilians. 
These tunnels are not the tunnels 
that many of us characterize in our own minds. These tunnels are sophisti-cated. These are expressways under-ground. It is like the Queens-Midtown Tunnel going from Gaza to Israel. They are ventilated. They are lit. They are massive. They are deep. They are huge. They are impenetrable, and they are very difficult to detect. 
Mr. Chairman, the FY16 Intelligence 
Authorization bill properly says that the Director of National Intelligence will designate an official to manage the collection and analysis of intel-ligence regarding the tactical use of tunnels by state and nonstate actors. 
b1430 
This bipartisan amendment simply 
asks for accountability. It requires a report from this new lead intelligence officer for tunnels describing the trends in the use of tunnels by foreign state and nonstate actors and collabo-rative efforts between the United States and partner nations to address the use of tunnels by our adversaries. 
Mr. Chairman, I talked about tunnels 
in the Middle East, but in fact, these tunnels are dynamic force multipliers for our enemies and enemies of our al-lies around the world. They are used for terrorist attacks, but they are also used to smuggle arms and contraband. 
We have learned that these tunnels 
are being used well beyond Israel. Korea is another example. Tunnels have been found in North Korea. Here at home, more than 150 tunnels have been found since 2009. 
Mr. Chairman, we have plenty of en-
emies today looking for ways to attack the United States and our interests around the globe. This bill recognizes these threats and, very wisely, creates a lead intelligence officer for tunnels. 
This amendment simply encourages 
greater oversight by Congress. It al-lows Congress to make informed deci-sions on how and where to spend future funds in order to counter this threat and protect U.S. national security in-terests. 
Most importantly, Mr. Chairman, 
these reports will help shape the efforts of the newly created position, making it clear that Congress expects account-ability and transparency, and that is something that the American people require. 
I ask my colleagues to support this 
bipartisan amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chair, I claim the 
time in opposition, although I do not intend to oppose the amendment. 
The CHAIR. Without objection, the 
gentleman from California is recog-nized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AM-
BORN ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN7.009 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4405 June 16, 2015 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to thank Congressman S TEVE  
ISRAEL and Congresswoman G WENGRA-
HAM for working together with me on 
this bipartisan effort in the defense bills, as well as now in the Intelligence Authorization Act. I would also like to thank Chairman N
UNES and his staff 
for working together with me on this important issue. 
Mr. Chairman, as Representative 
I
SRAEL just described, there is a real 
and growing tunnel threat to American bases and embassies around the world, to our southern border, as well as to our ally Israel, both in Gaza, as well as Israel’s northern border. 
Language I offered in the base intel-
ligence bill, combined with this amend-ment, will ensure that our intelligence community stays focused on this threat. There will be a dedicated per-son watching on this issue. 
Going forward, partnership with 
Israel is the best way to address this growing threat. As we have seen with Iron Dome and other missile defense ef-forts, partnering with a vital ally like Israel enables both countries to learn quickly, while sharing costs and new technologies. It is a win-win situation for Israel and the U.S. and, hopefully, a loss situation for the bad guys. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment. 
Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
my very good friend from Colorado for his bipartisan support of this bill. 
I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from Florida. (Ms. G
RAHAM ). 
Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in support of Representative S TEVE  
ISRAEL ’s amendment to the Intel-
ligence Authorization Act to provide oversight for the joint U.S.-Israel antitunneling defense project. 
The joint antitunneling project, 
which was added to the National De-fense Authorization Act in an amend-ment sponsored by my good friend Rep-resentative L
AMBORN and myself, will 
help our closest ally in the Middle East, Israel, protect its borders. 
The terrorist group Hamas has spent 
years developing a complex network of tunnels under the Gaza Strip and Israel to smuggle weapons, kidnap Israelis, and launch mass murder attacks. 
This project will develop new tech-
nology to detect and destroy these tun-nels, and it will send a clear message to our allies and enemies alike. The United States is committed to pro-tecting Israel and to rooting out and destroying the terrorists who wish to do her harm. 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. S
CHIFF ), the distinguished 
ranking member of the committee. 
Mr. SCHIFF. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding, and I thank Mr. I SRAEL , 
Mr. L AMBORN , and Ms. G RAHAM for this 
very important amendment and issue. 
This will call for a report on our ad-
versaries’ use of tunnels and an update on our collaboration with international 
partners in ways to detect and defeat tunnels. 
All of us remember the fear that set 
in, in much of southern Israel last sum-mer, as Hamas militants used a com-plex network of tunnels to attack Israeli soldiers from the Gaza Strip. This was not the first use of tunnels by Hamas. Cross-border tunnels were used in the capture of IDF soldier Gilad Shalit in 2006. 
In addition to using them against 
military targets, Israel has uncovered evidence that the tunnels are being prepared for large-scale attacks against Israeli civilians. 
Tunnels are not just a problem for 
Israel. For decades, the North Korean military has also been digging tunnels under the DMZ to facilitate infiltra-tion of South Korea. 
According to press reports, four tun-
nels from the north have been found in all, although none since 1990. The South Korean Defense Ministry be-lieves there may be 20 in all, and they could pose a mortal threat to Koreans and American service personnel in the region. 
I strongly support the amendment 
and urge my colleagues to do the same. 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I am pre-
pared to support the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, all that 
I can say is thank you. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. I
SRAEL ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . ISRAEL  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–155. 
Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 16, after line 24, insert the following 
new subsection: 
‘‘(e) R EPORTS .—Not later than 10 months 
after the date of the enactment of this sub-section, and annually thereafter for three years, the Director of the Cyber Threat In-telligence Integration Center shall submit a report to Congress that includes the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) With respect to the year covered by 
the report, a detailed description of cyber threat trends, as compiled by the Cyber Threat Intelligence Integration Center. 
‘‘(2) With respect to the year covered by 
the report, a detailed description of the co-ordination efforts by the Cyber Threat Intel-ligence Integration Center between depart-ments and agencies of the Federal Govern-ment, including the Department of Defense, the Department of Justice, and the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. 
‘‘(3) Recommendations for better collabo-
ration between such departments and agen-cies of the Federal Government.’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 315, the gentleman from New York (Mr. I
SRAEL ) and a Member op-
posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, I will at-
tempt to continue my winning streak on the floor this morning. 
I rise to offer an amendment with my 
distinguished friend and partner from New York (Mr. H
ANNA ). 
This bipartisan amendment addresses 
an issue that has concerned many of us for some time, and that is the fact that, when it comes to cyber defense and cyber war, many Federal agencies are doing something; it is just that they may not be aware of what each of them is doing. We need closer coordina-tion and collaboration among all the Federal agencies and entities dealing with cyber war. 
Mr. Chairman, we recently found out 
that the United States Office of Per-sonnel Management suffered a cyber attack impacting millions of Federal workers. This attack, in my view, high-lights a disconnect between agencies tasked to provide cyber defense, a for-eign government hacking into a Fed-eral government system, taking the records of millions of government em-ployees, spanning the jurisdiction of several Federal agencies. 
It is clear that there is an obvious 
need for greater collaboration between these agencies to create a credible de-fense and, if needed, a deterrent to those wishing to attack through the cyber domain. 
That is why I was very pleased in 
February of this year when the Presi-dent directed the DNI to establish the Cyber Threat Intelligence Integration Center, CTIIC. This bill very properly authorizes that position. 
CTIIC will serve as the primary orga-
nization within the Federal Govern-ment for analyzing and integrating all intelligence possessed or acquired by the U.S. pertaining to cyber threats and coordinate cyber threat intel-ligence activities. 
This bipartisan amendment, Mr. 
Chairman, simply ensures congres-sional oversight of CTIIC by requiring an annual report detailing three things: number one, cyber attack trends identified by the CTIIC; number two, an assessment of the collaborative efforts between the CTIIC and various Federal agencies tasked to defend this 
country against cyber attacks; and number three, recommendations for better collaboration between these agencies. 
Mr. Chairman, we have entered a new 
era of warfare. Our networks are being attacked daily. We need to do a much better job of coordinating, collabo-rating, and cooperating at the Federal level. This amendment ensures over-sight and accountability. 
I want to thank my partner on this 
measure, Mr. H
ANNA , for his bipartisan 
assistance and support. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition, although I do not intend to oppose the amendment. 
The CHAIR. Without objection, the 
gentleman from California is recog-nized for 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.031 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4406 June 16, 2015 
There was no objection. 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chair, over the last 
several years, cyber attacks have be-come a pressing concern for the United States. The recent breach of the Office of Personnel Management has put the personal information of millions of current and former Federal employees, 
including many of the men and women of our intelligence community, at risk. 
Every day, cyber thieves attack pri-
vate companies, stealing credit card numbers, accessing medical records, leaking proprietary information, and publishing confidential emails, affect-ing tens of millions of Americans. 
The intelligence community has 
worked to improve our cyber defenses by improving information sharing be-tween the private sector and the Fed-eral Government through the support of H.R. 1560, the Protecting Cyber Net-works Act. 
While the Senate has yet to act on 
this bill, the legislation we consider today will help improve the Federal Government’s ability to detect and de-feat cyber attacks by creating the new Cyber Threat Intelligence Integration Center. 
This thoughtful amendment by Mr. 
I
SRAEL and Mr. H ANNA will require that 
the Center produce a report on cyber threat trends and coordination on cyber threats between different govern-ment agencies. 
I thank the gentlemen from New 
York for their work on this issue and urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. S
CHIFF ), the ranking mem-
ber of the committee. 
Mr. SCHIFF. I thank the gentleman, 
and I thank him for his excellent amendment and support in the intel-ligence process. 
With each passing day, we are learn-
ing more about the cyber breach at the Office of Personnel Management. The volume of personal information lost during these events is of tremendous concern. Mr. I
SRAEL ’s amendment will 
help us better inform Congress on the effectiveness of the government’s col-laborative efforts to defend against fu-ture cyber events. 
I thank my colleagues for their work 
on it, and I urge support of Mr. I
SRAEL ’s amendment. 
Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to thank the distinguished chairman for his bipartisan leadership and the distinguished ranking member. I appre-ciate their support for this amend-ment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. I
SRAEL ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . CROWLEY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–155. 
Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 29, after line 17, insert the following: 
SEC. 317. INCLUSION OF HISPANIC-SERVING IN-
STITUTIONS IN GRANT PROGRAM TO ENHANCE RECRUITING OF INTEL-LIGENCE COMMUNITY WORKFORCE. 
Section 1024 of the National Security Act 
of 1947 (50 U.S.C. ) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, His-
panic-serving institutions, and’’ after ‘‘uni-versities’’; and 
(B) in the subsection heading for such sub-
section, by striking ‘‘H
ISTORICALLY BLACK ’’ 
and inserting ‘‘C ERTAIN MINORITY -SERVING ’’; 
and 
(2) in subsection (g)— (A) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-
graph (6); and 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (5): 
‘‘(5) H
ISPANIC -SERVING INSTITUTION .—The 
term ‘Hispanic-serving institution’ has the meaning given that term in section 502(a)(5) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1101a(a)(5)).’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 315, the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ) and a Member op-
posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself as much time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, like many of my col-
leagues, I am focused on growing edu-cational opportunities for young His-panic Americans, particularly in the areas that will be so critical to our Na-tion’s success in the years ahead. 
Last month, the House approved a bi-
partisan amendment to the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act de-signed to increase opportunities for Latinos in the STEM fields. 
The amendment I am offering today 
with my colleagues, Mr. S
ERRANO and 
Mr. C URBELO , builds upon that effort 
and would further expand opportunities for Hispanic students. 
Our proposal would allow the Direc-
tor of National Intelligence to offer grants to Hispanic-Serving Institutions of higher education for advanced for-eign language education programs that are in the immediate interest of the in-telligence community. 
It would also promote study abroad 
and cultural immersion programs in those areas, which we all know are cru-cial to truly understanding the intrica-cies of other languages and other cul-tures. This is a time when we need to be encouraging more of our young peo-ple to enter careers aimed at making our Nation safer. 
Of the nearly 2 million Latino stu-
dents enrolled in college today, the majority attend Hispanic-Serving In-stitutions. With these targeted grants, HSIs would be able to help increase the ranks of Latinos going into the intel-ligence community, where they are underrepresented today. 
This amendment would not only pro-
mote diversity in national security and intelligence communities, but it would 
also strengthen our youngest and fast-est growing minority, Hispanic Ameri-cans. 
We must ensure that these young 
people are prepared with the knowledge and skills that will contribute to our Nation’s future strength, security, and global leadership because, when edu-cation is available to everyone, our en-tire Nation is a stronger nation. 
I want to thank my colleagues who 
have worked with me on this issue, Mr. S
ERRANO and Mr. C URBELO , who have 
cosponsored this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chair, I claim the 
time in opposition, although I do not intend to oppose the amendment. 
The CHAIR. Without objection, the 
gentleman from California is recog-nized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chair, I thank Mr. 
C
ROWLEY , Mr. S ERRANO , and Mr. 
CURBELO for offering this amendment 
to include Hispanic-Serving Institu-tions in the grant program to improve recruitment efforts for the intelligence community. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ). 
b1445 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. I thank the 
chairman for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong 
support of this amendment and thank my colleague from New York for allow-ing me to join in leading on this impor-tant issue. 
This amendment would allow the Di-
rector of National Intelligence to pro-vide grants to Hispanic-Serving Insti-tutions of higher education to offer ad-vanced foreign language programs that are important to our intelligence com-munity. These students, in addition to the traditional classroom setting, would also be able to travel and study abroad so they can gain a firsthand perspective of the culture in which they are immersing themselves. 
Mr. Chairman, the study of Farsi, 
Middle Eastern, and South Asian dia-lects is of the utmost importance in de-veloping our country’s continued rela-tionships abroad. I am proud to advo-cate for Hispanic-Serving Institutions, like Florida International University and Miami Dade College in my district, and will strive to provide them the op-portunity to train their students so that they can go on to serve our coun-try. 
I am proud to be working with the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROW-
LEY) and the gentleman from New York 
(Mr. S ERRANO ) to provide more oppor-
tunities for these young Hispanic stu-dents who want to serve their country and to provide our intelligence commu-nity this special tool to recruit those who could be useful in advancing the cause of building the relationships that are so critical to our intelligence serv-ices operating throughout the world. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.033 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4407 June 16, 2015 
Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Chairman, I ap-
preciate the gentleman from Florida’s comments on this bill and his support. 
At this time, I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from California (Mr. S
CHIFF ). 
Mr. SCHIFF. I thank my colleague 
from New York (Mr. C ROWLEY ) for 
yielding and for his work on this amendment. I am very happy to sup-port it. 
Diversity and language skills are 
critical to national security. Together, they allow the intelligence community to reach its potential and expand its reach, its access, as well as its under-standing. 
This amendment would further both 
goals by providing better language- learning opportunities to students of Hispanic-Serving Institutions. I am very proud to support this amendment and urge my colleagues to do the same. 
Again, I thank my friend from New 
York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ) as well as my 
other colleagues who worked with him on this amendment. I urge passage. 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I support 
the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the chairman for his support of this amendment as well as the ranking member, Mr. S
CHIFF , for his support of 
this amendment, and all the Members who have worked on this amendment. 
I think the amendment speaks for 
itself. It is providing a great oppor-tunity for a growing minority commu-nity within our country who want to serve our country in this capacity. 
With that, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . KEATING  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 114–155. 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 35, after line 17, insert the following 
new subsection (and redesignate the subse-quent subsections accordingly): 
(c) A
DDITIONAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional intel-ligence committees a report that includes— 
(1) with respect to the travel of foreign 
fighters to and from Iraq and Syria, a de-scription of the intelligence sharing rela-tionships between the United States and member states of the European Union and member states of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization; and 
(2) an analysis of the challenges impeding 
such intelligence sharing relationships. 
Page 35, line 19, insert ‘‘and (c)’’ after 
‘‘(a)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 315, the gentleman from Massa-chusetts (Mr. K
EATING ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Massachusetts. 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I offer 
this bipartisan amendment with the support of Homeland Security Chair-man M
ICHAEL MCCAULand Representa-
tives K ATKO and L OUDERMILK to help 
Congress identify ways to improve in-telligence sharing on the flow of for-eign fighters around the world—with particular attention to their travel to and from Iraq and Syria. 
Already, this legislation that we are 
considering today makes substantial strides in ensuring that intelligence surrounding the flow of foreign fighters is shared with Congress. These contin-uous reports will shed light on the total number of attempted and success-ful fighters since the beginning of 2011. 
My amendment would require the Di-
rector of National Intelligence to re-port to Congress on the intelligence community’s progress in forging infor-mation-sharing agreements with for-eign partners and help Congress iden-tify the challenges impeding coordi-nated intelligence efforts. 
Over 20,000 foreign fighters have trav-
eled to join rebel and terrorist groups in Iraq and Syria, including ISIS and al Qaeda affiliates like al-Nusrah. Their movements are proving increasingly difficult to track in our globalized world, particularly given the uneven or nonexistent tracking efforts from some of our foreign partners. 
As the ranking member of the For-
eign Affairs Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade and as a member of the Homeland Se-curity Subcommittee on Counterter-rorism and Intelligence, I have engaged on the issue of intelligence sharing from two perspectives—from our ef-forts to improve the intelligence com-munity’s coordination with State, local, and other Federal agencies and from our work to better improve our information-sharing practices with our overseas allies to prevent terrorist at-tacks and the flow of foreign fighters here at home. 
While the intelligence community 
has made improvements to the proc-esses of sharing pertinent information with the relevant Federal, State, and local agencies, there still exists a blind spot in our intelligence-gathering ef-forts on foreign fighters. That blind spot stems from the failure of some for-eign governments to take common-sense information-sharing steps, and it has made the task of tracking foreign fighters even more challenging. 
The inability or unwillingness of 
some foreign governments to pass along even the most basic information about these individuals represents a major risk to the safety of the Amer-ican people. 
An additional threat looms when 
some of these individuals return to their homelands from Iraq and Syria, battle-hardened and radicalized. Once 
back home, some can travel between international borders with relative ease, which makes tracking them a truly difficult feat. This amendment will also provide in-
sight into our current intelligence- sharing relationships and will give Congress the opportunity to highlight best practices while also revealing areas for improvement. 
I thank Chairman N
UNES and Rank-
ing Member S CHIFF for their coopera-
tion. 
I yield such time as he may consume 
to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL). 
Mr. M CCAUL. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Chair, I rise in strong support of 
the Keating-McCaul amendment in the Intelligence Authorization Act. If adopted, our amendment would require the Director of National Intelligence to report to Congress on the state of in-telligence information sharing with overseas partners to help us identify security gaps so that we can improve international monitoring of foreign fighter travel both in and out of Syria and Iraq. 
Islamist fanatics from more than 100 
countries have traveled overseas to fight with groups like ISIS and al Qaeda. Thousands of the jihadists carry Western passports and can exploit se-curity gaps in places like Europe to re-turn to the West, where they can plot attacks against America and our allies. 
Last month, I led a congressional del-
egation to the Middle East to inves-tigate the flow of these foreign fight-ers. And while progress is being made, I am still troubled by intelligence and screening gaps, especially with our for-eign partners. We need to make sure 
our allies not only share the identities of terrorists and foreign fighters with us but also with each other so that these extremists can be stopped before they cross our borders into the United States. 
This amendment will provide Con-
gress critical information needed to close these security gaps and improve intelligence information sharing to de-fend our homeland. 
I applaud the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts (Mr. K
EATING ) for his hard 
work on the amendment and for his strong participation in our delegation overseas, where we learned quite a bit. It is not very often you can pass some-thing you think can save American lives, and I think this is one of them. I thank the gentleman again. 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the chairman of Homeland Secu-rity for his leadership on this issue. We really have established a very strong bipartisan effort, putting our national security first and realizing what holes there are in our system, in our security for our country. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 15 seconds to 
the gentleman from California (Mr. S
CHIFF ). 
Mr. SCHIFF. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong sup-
port of the work of my colleagues from Massachusetts and from Texas. This is a superb amendment that will help us track foreign fighters, and I am proud to support it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.038 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4408 June 16, 2015 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . KEATING  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–155. 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I have 
another amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 41, line 8, strike ‘‘paragraphs (3) and 
(4)’’ and insert ‘‘paragraph (3) and redesig-nating paragraph (4) as paragraph (3)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 315, the gentleman from Massa-chusetts (Mr. K
EATING ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Massachusetts. 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, the re-
cent events involving the plan of radicalized individuals in Massachu-setts to target law enforcement offi-cials—police, in particular—underscore the truth that protecting America will require the efforts of local, State, and Federal law enforcement. 
Since the Boston Marathon bomb-
ings, the FBI has made great efforts to improve their information-sharing ef-forts with the Joint Terrorism Task Force and other Federal agencies. 
With my work and the work of my 
colleagues on the congressional inves-tigation of the Boston Marathon bomb-ings through the Homeland Security Committee, I can attest to the serious-ness in which the Federal Bureau of In-vestigation has set out to improve their information-sharing practices. 
However, the FBI’s efforts to institu-
tionalize sharing across law enforce-ment and intelligence are still a work in progress. 
The current version of this bill elimi-
nates the requirement for the FBI to report to Congress on their progress to implement information-sharing prin-ciples. This is a reporting requirement that has kept Congress aware of the FBI’s information-sharing practices since 2004, and it has been vital to un-derstand what works and what can be improved. 
This amendment will reinstate that 
requirement, with the recognition that the FBI has more work to do on infor-mation sharing to better protect the American public. 
These necessary reforms include re- 
executing FBI current memorandums of understanding with local partners, improving training and accessibility for the eGuardian platform, and for-malizing methods for disseminating in-telligence to relevant consumers up- and downstream. 
Without information on the progress 
the FBI is making in these reforms, Congress is hindered in taking the crit-ical steps needed to protect the Amer-ican public. I would like to again thank Chair-
man N
UNES and Ranking Member 
SCHIFF . 
I yield such time as he may consume 
to the gentleman from California (Mr. S
CHIFF ). 
Mr. SCHIFF. I thank my colleague 
from Massachusetts, who has been an active and important voice on national security since he joined the Congress several years ago. In particular, he has worked to ensure that we maintain a strong focus on information sharing across agencies. 
One of the key lessons we learned 
from 9/11 is the need to tear down stovepipes and to ensure that inappro-priate barriers to information sharing across agencies never reappear. 
The gentleman from Massachusetts’ 
amendment seeks to maintain our vigi-lance on this issue and would require the FBI to report to Congress on its in-formation-sharing progress. 
As a fellow native Bostonian, I am 
very pleased to see my colleague do such great work. I want to thank him for his commitment to the issue. And I am very happy to support the amend-ment. 
Mr. KEATING. I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . SCHIFF  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 6 printed in House Report 114–155. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Strike sections 321, 322, 323, and 331. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 315, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. S
CHIFF ) and a Member op-
posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, my 
amendment would strike the sections of the bill which would undermine the administration’s ability to close the prison at Guantanamo by transferring the remaining detainees to the United States for further disposition of their cases or to third countries that agree to accept them, secure them, and mon-itor them. 
I am grateful that my colleague from 
Washington, A
DAM SMITH, ranking 
member of the Armed Services Com-mittee, has joined me in urging the House to make this important change to the bill. 
Every day that it remains open, the 
prison at Guantanamo Bay damages the United States. Because there are other, better options for the prosecu-tion and detention of these inmates, we are not safer for Guantanamo’s exist-ence. In fact, it makes us more vulner-able by drawing new recruits to the jihad. The Congress, the administration, 
and the military can work together to find a solution that protects our people even as we maintain our principles and devotion to the rule of law. 
Under the provisions included in this 
bill, the administration would be barred from transferring Guantanamo detainees to a ‘‘war zone.’’ 
While I agree that it would be fool-
hardy to seek to send a detainee to Yemen while that country is immersed in civil war, the definition of ‘‘war zone’’ used here is derived from the U.S. Tax Code and is extremely broad, ruling out countries like Jordan, for example, that have either successfully resettled and monitored former detain-ees or demonstrated a genuine commit-ment to doing so. 
These provisions also prevent the ad-
ministration from transferring Guanta-namo detainees to the United States for further proceedings under the mili-tary commissions process or for trial in an article III court. 
b1500 
The Department of Justice and our 
courts have proven themselves time and time again to be more than capable of handling the toughest terrorism cases and doing so in a way that enno-bles us and sets an example to the world that a great nation can both safeguard its people and the rule of law. 
As a practical matter, our civilian 
courts have proven much more adept at handling these cases than the military commissions process has. In fact, this past Friday, a three-judge panel of the Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit, one of the most important appellate courts in the Nation, further struck down the legality of commission charges, so narrowing the jurisdiction of the military commissions them-
selves that any utility as an alter-native to article III courts has been called into further question. 
And while Khalid Sheikh Mohammed 
and his fellow Guantanamo terrorists still await their date with justice, a host of others—including Richard Reid, the shoe bomber; and Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab, the underwear bomber; and Faisal Shahzad, the Times Square bomber—have been tried, convicted, and sent to ADX Florence, the tough-est prison in America. They are gone, and they are not coming back. 
The inclusion of these provisions is 
the first time that restrictions related to Guantanamo have been included in the Intelligence Authorization Act, and I believe that alone sets an unfortunate precedent that could undermine what has been a largely bipartisan effort. These provisions are unnecessary and unwise, and they do not belong in this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge the House to re-
consider these provisions, to trust in American justice, diplomacy, and the best military advice, and to give the administration a means to shutter a prison that both shames us and perpet-uates the threat to the Nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.040 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4409 June 16, 2015 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to this amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, although I appreciate 
the ranking member’s concerns about these provisions, I do remain concerned that further releases from Guantanamo will threaten our national security. 
Press reports now indicate that the 
administration intends to transfer up to 10 additional detainees this month. As the committee learned through its many briefings and hearings, the five detainees released to Qatar last May have participated in activities that threaten the United States and its al-lies and are counter to U.S. national security interests, not unlike their ac-tivities before they were detained. No intelligence community element should enable any future transfers that endanger national security. 
Furthermore, I would note that these 
provisions are substantively identical to the provisions passed by the House Armed Services Committee as part of the National Defense Authorization Act. Mr. Chairman, 26 of the 27 Demo-crats on that committee voted to ad-vance an NDAA that contained similar restrictions. The provisions in our bill will complement those restrictions, as well as the restrictions put forward in the defense appropriations bills for sev-eral years running and this commit-tee’s previous intelligence authoriza-tion bills. The ranking member may have forgotten, but in 2012, there were provisions similar to this one that were included in the legislation. 
In sum, these provisions represent a 
strong and enduring consensus in Con-gress that Guantanamo should remain open and that detainees should not be transferred to the U.S. for any reason. As everyone here is aware, several de-tainees who have been released from Guantanamo have gone back to the fight and killed and wounded Ameri-cans. Putting detainees in U.S. prisons, as the administration originally pro-posed, would be disruptive and poten-tially disastrous. The threat is real, and Guantanamo is already equipped to handle the detention and military trial of these individuals, as appropriate. 
For those reasons, I would urge my 
colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCHIFF. I yield myself such time 
as I may consume. 
I want to urge support for this 
amendment. This is one of the few areas of disagreement between the chairman and myself. When we look at how we are progressing or the lack of more progress in our struggle against ISIS and al Qaeda in places like Syria and Iraq, we are often tempted to con-sider those that we take off the battle-field as a metric of our success—we have eliminated so many combatants from the battlefield. But of course that number in isolation means very little. And the challenge is that with every 
one we take off the battlefield, there are new foreign fighters coming onto the battlefield. 
The recruitment of those additional 
fighters uses a variety of images and issues to attract people to join the jihad. One of the issues that is contin-ually used as recruiting propaganda is the presence of the detention center at Guantanamo Bay. This is a recruit-ment vehicle for the jihadis. It is a ral-lying cry for the jihadis. 
The closure of this prison will not 
end the threat from ISIS or al Qaeda. There will be other efforts to recruit. But why give them this recruitment tool when there are other, better ways that these people can be incarcerated? Why give them this recruitment vehi-cle when there are ways that we can se-cure the people at Guantanamo Bay, prosecute the people at Guantanamo Bay, uphold our highest standards and the rule of law, and remove at least one part the jihadi social media and other propaganda campaign? 
Mr. Chairman, I think it is in our na-
tional security interest to do so. I would urge support for the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chair, I yield myself 
such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chair, I know that the gentleman 
believes every word that he is saying. We have had robust debate in the Intel-ligence Committee behind closed doors, and we have had robust debate out in open session, and it is a debate I think that will always continue. 
However, the concern remains from 
the majority Members of Congress that they would prefer to keep Guantanamo open because no one wants to bring those terrorists to the United States, to their backyard, to try them in their State or their county or their commu-nity. 
So I respect the gentleman’s con-
cerns, and we will continue to debate those, but I will continue to oppose closing Guantanamo or having our in-telligence community participate in the removal of detainees from Guanta-namo. 
Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. S
CHIFF ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . ROONEY OF  
FLORIDA  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 7 printed in House Report 114–155. 
Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title III, add the 
following new section: 
SEC. 3 ll. REPORT ON HIRING OF GRADUATES 
OF CYBER CORPS SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM BY INTELLIGENCE COM-MUNITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in co-ordination with the Director of the National Science Foundation, shall submit to the con-gressional intelligence committees a report on the employment by the intelligence com-munity of graduates of the Cyber Corps Scholarship Program. The report shall in-clude the following: 
(1) The number of graduates of the Cyber 
Corps Scholarship Program hired by each element of the intelligence community. 
(2) A description of how each element of 
the intelligence community recruits grad-uates of the Cyber Corps Scholar Program. 
(3) A description of any processes available 
to the intelligence community to expedite the hiring or processing of security clear-ances for graduates of the Cyber Corps Scholar Program. 
(4) Recommendations by the Director to 
improve the hiring by the intelligence com-munity of graduates of the Cyber Corps Scholarship Program, including any rec-ommendations for legislative action to carry out such improvements. 
(b) C
YBER CORPS SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Cyber 
Corps Scholarship Program’’ means the Fed-eral Cyber Scholarship-for-Service Program under section 302 of the Cybersecurity En-hancement Act of 2014 (15 U.S.C. 7442). 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 315, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
OONEY ) and a Member opposed 
each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, as we debate this bill 
today, hackers across the world are trying furiously to break into our cyber networks, as we all know. And as we have seen in recent weeks, they are occasionally successful, and the con-sequences are grave. These cracks in our cyber defense put our security at risk. They also threaten American businesses and the privacy and credit of individuals across this country. 
For the sake of our national security 
and our economy, we must work to-gether to improve our cyber capabili-ties. This requires a stronger, more ca-pable cyber workforce, which our bi-partisan amendment will help facili-tate. 
The Federal CyberCorps Scholarship 
for Service program gives scholarships to students who study in the cyberse-curity field. In exchange, those stu-dents commit to serving in government cybersecurity positions after gradua-tion. Leaders within the intelligence community and DOD have told us that they need to expand their workforce and want to hire graduates from this program. Unfortunately, outdated per-sonnel rules and insufficient direct hire authority make it extremely difficult for them to do so. As a result, these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.045 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4410 June 16, 2015 
students aren’t able to fulfill their 
work commitment and we are unable to meet our workforce needs, and our cybersecurity suffers. 
We believe Congress should help re-
move those obstacles and make it easi-er to bring those graduates into the cyber workforce. Our amendment starts that process by requiring a re-port back to us on how many CyberCorps graduates go to work for the intelligence community and how these agencies recruit them. This infor-mation will help us determine how to streamline the hiring process so we are capitalizing on the best cybersecurity talent available. 
Mr. Chairman, this is a simple, bipar-
tisan amendment, but it will pay divi-dends to improve and expand our cyber workforce and strengthen our national security. 
I would like to thank Congress-
woman S
EWELL from Alabama for her 
assistance in this amendment. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I rise to 
claim the time in opposition, even though I am not opposed. 
The CHAIR. Without objection, the 
gentleman from California is recog-nized. 
There was no objection. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I want to thank the gentleman from 
Florida and the gentlewoman from Ala-bama, both HPSCI colleagues, for their amendment, and I am happy to support it. 
This amendment furthers two impor-
tant goals: first, to ensure that aca-demic programs that should serve as a resource to the government—in this case, the National Science Founda-tion’s CyberCorps Scholarship for Serv-ice—actually do result in a good num-ber of students choosing employment within the intelligence community; and second, to deepen the bench of our cyber defenders. 
As a recent series of serious cyber 
breaches has demonstrated, it is an im-perative for the protection of this Na-tion’s workforce, privacy, and sensitive intelligence that we strengthen the IC’s cyber cadre with our best and brightest. Mr. Chairman, this amend-ment is a fine addition to the gentle-man’s and the gentlewoman’s other ini-tiatives already represented in the bill, particularly those that advance diver-sity in the intelligence community. 
Again, Mr. Chairman, I want to 
thank my colleagues for their work. I urge support for this bipartisan amend-ment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Chair, I rise 
today in support of this bipartisan, common sense amendment that seeks to streamline and strengthen our Intelligence Community’s (IC) cyber workforce. I am pleased to join my fellow colleague, Rep. R
OONEY , who shares my deeply held desire to help meet the incred-
ible need to raise the number of professionals in the critically important field of cybersecurity. 
The recent breach of OPM which com-
promised the personal information of nearly 4 million federal employees further illustrates our urgent and immediate need to make substan-tial improvements to our cyber databases and overall cyber infrastructure. Cyberattacks have become increasingly common, and state spon-sored bad actors pose a serious threat to our national security. These types of attacks are one of the most urgent modern challenges to our nation. Our government must be poised to do more to prevent future attacks. We must position ourselves to curtail any threat, no matter how great or small. 
In December 2011, the National Science 
and Technology Council, in cooperation with the National Science Foundation (NSF), ad-vanced a broad, coordinated federal strategic plan to enhance cybersecurity research and education. As part of this plan, the NSF launched the CyberCorps Scholarship for Service (SFS) program. In an effort to bolster our federal workforce’s capacity and advance the nation’s economic prosperity and national security, this program provides funding for un-dergraduate and graduate level scholarships to students interested in cybersecurity. In re-turn, scholarship recipients are required to work for a Federal, State, Local, or Tribal Gov-ernment organization in a position related to cybersecurity for a period equal to the length of the scholarship. In essence, students re-ceive a scholarship in exchange for their com-mitment to federal civil service. This program seeks to cultivate pipelines for applicants from undergraduate and graduate programs into federal careers focusing on combatting emerg-ing cyber security threats. 
Leaders within the Intelligence Community 
tell me, however, that outdated policies and onerous clearance procedures are inhibiting their ability to fill industry vacancies with young and diverse cybersecurity professionals. 
Our amendment simply requires the Intel-
ligence Community to report to Congress on how many CyberCorps graduates actually go to work for the IC and how IC agencies recruit these CyberCorps graduates. This information will help Congress determine how we can best improve the hiring process. 
I strongly believe that Congress should be 
facilitating ways to help the Intelligence Com-munity hire these critically important CyberCorps graduates and create a pipeline directly into our cyber workforce. 
I encourage my colleagues to vote yes on 
this amendment. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
OONEY ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . MOULTON  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 8 printed in House Report 114–155. 
Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title III, add the 
following new section: SEC. 3 ll. REPORT ON EFFECTS OF DATA 
BREACH OF OFFICE OF PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall transmit to the congres-sional intelligence committees a report on the data breach of the Office of Personnel Management disclosed in June 2015. 
(b) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The report under 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) The effects, if any, of the data breach 
on the operations of the intelligence commu-nity abroad, including the types of oper-ations, if any, that have been negatively af-fected or entirely suspended or terminated as a result of the data breach. 
(2) An assessment of the effects of the data 
breach to each element of the intelligence community. 
(3) An assessment of how foreign persons, 
groups, or countries may use the data col-lected by the data breach (particularly re-garding information included in background investigations for security clearances), in-cluding with respect to— 
(A) recruiting intelligence assets; (B) influencing decision-making processes 
within the Federal Government, including regarding foreign policy decisions; and 
(C) compromising employees of the Federal 
Government and friends and families of such employees for the purpose of gaining access to sensitive national security and economic information. 
(4) An assessment of which departments or 
agencies of the Federal Government use the best practices to protect sensitive data, in-cluding a summary of any such best prac-tices that were not used by the Office of Per-sonnel Management. 
(5) An assessment of the best practices 
used by the departments or agencies identi-fied under paragraph (4) to identify and fix potential vulnerabilities in the systems of the department or agency. 
(c) B
RIEFING .—The Director of National In-
telligence shall provide to the congressional intelligence committees an interim briefing on the report under subsection (a), including a discussion of proposals and options for re-sponding to cyber attacks. 
(d) F
ORM.—The report under subsection (a) 
shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 315, the gentleman from Massa-chusetts (Mr. M
OULTON ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Massachusetts. 
Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Chairman, recently, the Office of 
Personnel Management disclosed a massive security breach that may have exposed personal information of mil-lions of current and former Federal employees, including those who work in sensitive national security posi-tions. Simply put, this cyber breach is unacceptable and breaks faith with those dedicated military and civilian personnel who commit their lives to keeping our country safe. 
Although responsibility has not yet 
been officially confirmed, many observ-ers believe that individuals in China, who may have been acting on orders of the Chinese Government, were respon-sible for hacking into OPM databases. 
Two things are clear, Mr. Chairman. 
First, we must ensure this does not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.047 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4411 June 16, 2015 
happen again; we must protect our 
Federal employees—our foreign service officers, State Department staff, mem-bers of the intelligence community, and many others. Second, we must make clear to the rest of the world that these attacks will not be tolerated and that there will be consequences. 
Mr. Chairman, that is why my 
amendment takes the first of many critical steps to respond to this breach. My amendment starts the process of holding OPM accountable. It makes sure we leverage the best data security practices that our intelligence agencies use to protect sensitive personal infor-mation about our military and civilian personnel who work day in and day out to keep our country safe. 
Finally, my amendment ensures that 
the United States Congress can play a constructive role in developing a mean-ingful, forceful response to cyber at-tacks—especially attacks aimed at our Nation’s security. We must stop these attacks and protect those who commit their lives to our safety. This amend-ment is an important first step in doing just that. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chair, we are pre-
pared to accept the amendment. 
The CHAIR. Without objection, the 
gentleman from California is recog-nized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, the Intel-
ligence Committee, I think, in a bipar-tisan manner, has the same concerns as the gentleman. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. S
CHIFF ). 
Mr. SCHIFF. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
We expect timely briefs on all major 
cyber attacks, but in this case, I agree, we need to require specific reporting and briefing on the impacts of the re-cent OPM breach. We need to learn far more about how hackers accessed the systems, what they obtained, and how we can prevent this from happening again. In addition, this will help us un-derstand the impact to the intelligence community. 
Mr. Chairman, as I have said before, 
our public and private networks are not sufficiently secure, and they are a regular target for cyber attacks. We must do everything we can to shore them up, and we must do so now. 
I want to thank my colleague for his 
work, and I urge support of his amend-ment. 
Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
OULTON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . TURNER  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 9 printed in House Report 114–155. 
Mr. TURNER. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title III, add the 
following: 
SEC. 3 ll. ASSESSMENT ON FUNDING OF POLIT-
ICAL PARTIES AND NONGOVERN-MENTAL ORGANIZATIONS BY THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an intelligence community as-sessment on the funding of political parties and nongovernmental organizations in former Soviet states and countries in Europe by the Russian Federation and the security and intelligence services of the Russian Fed-eration since January 1, 2006. Such assess-ment shall include the following: 
(1) The country involved, the entity fund-
ed, the security service involved, and the in-tended effect of the funding. 
(2) An evaluation of such intended effects, 
including with respect to— 
(A) undermining the political cohesion of 
the country involved; 
(B) undermining the missile defense of the 
United States and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization; and 
(C) undermining energy projects that could 
provide an alternative to Russian energy. 
(b) F
ORM.—The report under subsection (a) 
shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: 
(1) The congressional intelligence commu-
nities. 
(2) The Committees on Armed Services of 
the House of Representatives and the Senate. 
(3) The Committee on Foreign Affairs of 
the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 315, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. T
URNER ) and a Member opposed 
each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Ohio. 
b1515 
Mr. TURNER. Mr. Chairman, my bi-
partisan amendment requires the Di-rector of National Intelligence to sub-mit a report to Congress on the funding of political parties and NGOs in former Soviet states by the Russian Federa-tion and its associated security and in-telligence services. 
As Congress well knows, a resurgent 
Russia, led by President Vladimir Putin, is once again determined to de-stabilize the West and various Euro-At-lantic institutions such as NATO. 
While we have seen the blatant use of 
military force both in Georgia and Ukraine, Russia has employed a vari-ety of nontraditional methods to dis-rupt the West. These methods include the use of propaganda through state- owned media outlets such as Russia Today, manipulation of European nat-ural gas markets, and the use of money to influence political parties and non-governmental organizations through-out Europe. 
In a recent New York Times article, 
authors Peter Baker and Steven Er-langer highlight a series of instances in 
which the Russian Federation covertly funneled money to political organiza-tions in Europe in order to influence various decisionmakers and parties. 
While their ultimate goal remains 
the fragmentation of institutions such as the EU and NATO, Russia hopes to achieve incremental victories like in-fluencing the EU’s upcoming decision on whether or not to renew sanctions against them. 
As president of the NATO Parliamen-
tary Assembly and chair of the Assem-bly’s U.S. delegation, I have had the opportunity to meet frequently with my European counterparts to discuss this issue. In all instances, Assembly members continue to validate and echo the concerns discussed here today. Only through an increased under-standing can we begin to effectively plan and combat President Putin and a resurging Russia. 
I ask all of my colleagues to rise in 
support of this bipartisan amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition, even though I am not op-posed. 
The CHAIR. Without objection, the 
gentleman from California is recog-nized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to thank the gentlemen from Ohio, Alabama, and New York for their amendment, which I am proud to sup-port. 
This amendment requires the Direc-
tor of National Intelligence to provide an assessment on funding of political parties and NGOs in the former Soviet states and countries in Europe by the Russian Federation and its security and intelligence services. 
Over the past few years, we have wit-
nessed a number of highly visible, ag-gressive actions by Russia, particularly in Ukraine; but Moscow’s efforts to de-stabilize its neighbors are also subtler and more nefarious. Russia is spon-soring and funding political parties to groom the next generation of puppets which they can control from Moscow. 
We must better understand what 
they are doing, even if what they are doing is very deep behind the scenes; so long as sources and methods are prop-erly protected, I support this effort. 
Again, I want to thank my colleagues 
for their work, and I urge support of the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TURNER. Mr. Chairman, as the 
chairman well remembers, with the cold war, there was a time when the conflict between the United States and Russia was very tense. This amend-ment will help us bring to bear light on the actions of Russia so that we can make certain our policies reflect the new aggressiveness of the Russian Fed-eration. 
Mr. NUNES. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. TURNER. I yield to the gen-
tleman from California. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.049 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4412 June 16, 2015 
Mr. NUNES. I really appreciate the 
gentleman. He is one of the most in-volved Members of Congress with NATO, so I know that his concerns are valid. I, too, share those concerns and would urge my colleagues to support the amendment. 
Mr. TURNER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. T
URNER ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . FARR  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 10 printed in House Report 114–155. 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title III, add the 
following new section: 
SEC. 3 ll. REPORT ON CONTINUOUS EVALUA-
TION OF SECURITY CLEARANCES. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees and the congressional defense committees (as de-fined in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code) a report on the continuous eval-uation of security clearances of employees, officers, and contractors of the intelligence community. The report shall include the fol-lowing: 
(1) The status of the continuous evaluation 
program of the intelligence community, in-cluding a timeline for the implementation of such program. 
(2) A comparison of such program to the 
automated continuous evaluation system of the Department of Defense. 
(3) Identification of any possible effi-
ciencies that could be achieved by the intel-ligence community leveraging the auto-mated continuous evaluation system of the Department of Defense. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 315, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. F
ARR) and a Member op-
posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Chairman, today, I 
rise to offer an amendment which strengthens the process for granting security clearances to those working in the intelligence community through a continuous evaluation process. 
This amendment directs the National 
Intelligence Director to provide the in-telligence and defense committees a re-port on the status of its current efforts for continuous evaluation of security clearance holders, including a timeline for its rollout. The report will also pro-vide a cost-benefit analysis of DNI’s ef-forts to similar efforts that are being carried on in the Department of De-fense. 
We learned, after the tragic shooting 
in the Navy Yard in September 2013, the DOD should continuously evaluate these personnel, rather than do it every once every 5 years. 
Clearance starts by an initial vetting 
that determines a person’s suitability and eligibility to have access to classi-
fied material by examining the per-son’s past and making a judgment on future reliability. Now, once cleared, a continuous evaluation process is de-signed to examine a person’s behavior to ensure its continued reliability. 
Congress directed the DOD to create 
a process that would be a government-wide solution for continuous personnel security evaluations. This solution is called ACES, Automated Continuous Evaluation System. 
Now, the Director of National Intel-
ligence is also seeking its own capa-bility for continuous evaluation. While I support the intelligence community’s requirement, their efforts may be re-dundant. 
DOD’s system already has measur-
able successes. Their system is also flexible enough to be tailored to meet any specific requirements that the in-telligence community may need. 
My amendment simply assures that 
the DNI does not work towards a con-tinuous evaluation system in a vacu-um. By working together to share les-sons learned or build a common evalua-tion system, the DNI and the DOD can build a better program that ensures our national security and uses tax-payer dollars effectively. 
As we have all seen recently, the in-
sider threat to our national security is real. We must continue to ensure that we remain secure by only granting se-curity clearances to those who are suitable and reliable. 
I ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote on the 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition, although I am not opposed. 
The CHAIR. Without objection, the 
gentleman from California is recog-nized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I am pre-
pared to accept the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FARR. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. S
CHIFF ), my colleague, the 
ranking member of the Intelligence Committee. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to thank the gentleman and my good friend from California for his amend-ment, which I am very happy to sup-port. 
An important role of Congress and of 
this bill is to ensure that our intel-ligence agencies protect sensitive in-formation and protect taxpayer dol-lars. 
This amendment supports both of 
these goals by requiring that the Office of the Director of National Intelligence report to Congress on its continuous evaluation process for security clear-ances and to compare those processes to those the Department of Defense uses. This comparative study will help identify places where we may be able to make improvements and save money. I want to thank Mr. F
ARR for his 
amendment and his diligence. 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. F
ARR). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MS . SINEMA  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 11 printed in House Report 114–155. 
Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk, and I offer that amendment at this time. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 42, after line 12, insert the following: 
SEC. 336. REPORT ON STRATEGY, EFFORTS, AND 
RESOURCES TO DETECT, DETER, AND DEGRADE ISLAMIC STATE REV-ENUE MECHANISMS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the intelligence community should dedicate necessary resources to de-feating the revenue mechanisms of the Is-lamic State. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall sub-mit to the intelligence committees a report on the strategy, efforts, and resources of the intelligence community that are necessary to detect, deter, and degrade the revenue mechanisms of the Islamic State. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 315, the gentlewoman from Ari-zona (Ms. S
INEMA ) and a Member op-
posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Arizona. 
Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I want to say thank you to Mr. 
FITZPATRICK for cosponsoring this 
amendment and for his leadership as the chairman of the Task Force to In-vestigate Terrorism Financing. Thank you also to Chairman N
UNES and Rank-
ing Member S CHIFF for supporting this 
important amendment. 
The purpose of the bipartisan 
Sinema-Fitzpatrick amendment is to choke off the Islamic State’s revenue stream. Our amendment directs the in-telligence community to detect, deter, and degrade Islamic State’s revenue sources and to report on the strategy and resources needed for success. 
The Islamic State is one of the 
world’s most violent and dangerous terrorist groups. Its goals to build a ca-liphate in the Middle East and encour-age attacks in Europe and the United States represent a new threat to our country and to global stability. 
ISIL is also believed to be the richest 
terrorist organization in history, con-trolling a huge territory in Iraq and Syria containing significant oil re-sources. In 2014, the Islamic State gen-erated approximately $1 million per day through the sale of smuggled oil, extortion, and kidnapping for ransom. 
U.S. strikes have reportedly dimin-
ished ISIL’s oil revenues, but the breadth of this terrorist organization’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.052 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4413 June 16, 2015 
funding sources represents a serious 
challenge to our national security. 
A February report by the Financial 
Action Task Force estimated that ISIL now largely finances itself through ex-tortion in the territory it controls, and another study places this extortion revenue at $360 million per year. In Iraq, ISIL levies a 5 percent tax on all withdrawals from banks, and the orga-nization also gains tens of millions of dollars from kidnapping on an annual basis. 
To defeat ISIL and protect our coun-
try, we must cut off the Islamic State’s diverse and substantial sources of rev-enue. 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
this commonsense bipartisan amend-ment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition, although I do not intend to oppose the amendment. 
The CHAIR. Without objection, the 
gentleman from California is recog-nized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, at this 
time, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ). 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the chairman, and I thank my colleague Ms. S
INEMA for her work on 
this important amendment and for her work as well on the task force estab-lished to investigate terrorism financ-ing. 
Today, the terror threat faced by our 
Nation and our intelligence community is more diverse and sophisticated than it has ever been before. Organizations like Hezbollah, ISIS, and Boko Haram can no longer simply be considered ter-rorist groups. 
They have grown into much more 
dangerous entities, ones with the abili-ties to self-finance their actions through means far beyond traditional methods, from illicit oil sales and human trafficking to regional taxation and antiquity dealing. 
In order to effectively combat such 
evolved threats, U.S. policy must also evolve. As chair of the bipartisan Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financ-ing, established by the Committee on Financial Services, I have worked with lawmakers and policy experts to guar-antee the U.S. response to terror’s new revenue streams are quickly and effec-tively choked out. 
This amendment is important to en-
sure each level of our government, from Congress to the intelligence com-munity, has identified the problem, as well as potential weaknesses, and is ready to address the threats that we face. 
By both expressing the sense of Con-
gress that our intelligence agencies must dedicate resources to eradicate terror revenue mechanisms, as well as report to relevant committees on their strategies, this amendment strength-ens the underlying bill and Congress’ understanding of our global response to 
terrorism. 
The threat to freedom and democracy 
posed by the Islamic State and groups like it circles the globe, and the United States can ill afford to combat these enemies on the battlefield alone. Any strategy against terror groups world-wide must attack not only militarily, but at their funding source. Organiza-tions, no matter how complex, cannot effectively function without requisite resources. 
Mr. Chairman, our intelligence com-
munity is second to none, and I am cer-tain that, together, we can formulate and carry out long-term solutions to combat terror financing. 
I thank the chairman for his leader-
ship on this issue and Ms. S
INEMA for 
offering this amendment. 
Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia, Ranking Member S
CHIFF , and 
thank him for his leadership on na-tional security issues. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to thank the gentlewoman from Ari-zona for her amendment, as well as the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I am proud to support it. 
Behind ISIL’s rapid and dangerous 
rise are its many sources of illicit fund-ing. This amendment expresses the conviction of Congress that the intel-ligence community should dedicate re-sources to finding and eliminating those revenue sources and that the IC must report on its effort to do so. 
Again, I want to thank both of my 
colleagues for their leadership on this issue, and I urge strong support of their amendment. 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, at this 
time, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ). 
Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in support of this amendment and congratulate Ms. S
INEMA and Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , the chairman of the com-
mittee. This will help our terrorism task force efforts undermine the fund-ing of ISIS. 
Terrorism experts concur that ISIS is 
the most well-funded terrorist threat that we have ever faced. Through the illicit sale of stolen oil and antiquities, kidnapping for ransom, extortion, bank robberies, and usurious taxation, ISIS continues to amass tens of millions of dollars. 
Stopping this flow of money to ter-
rorists must be a top priority if we are to defeat ISIS. Unfortunately, earlier this month, the President admitted he does not have a comprehensive strat-egy to defeat ISIS. 
This amendment will require the Di-
rector of National Intelligence to sub-mit to Congress the current efforts they use to undermine the funding of ISIS, increasing our ability to ensure these efforts are a priority. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment. I will look forward to the continued bipartisan support of the Fi-nancial Services Task Force to Inves-tigate Terrorism Financing. b1530 
Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Chair, as a member 
of the Task Force to Investigate Ter-rorism Financing, I am working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to keep money out of the hands of ter-rorists and to find solutions like this amendment, which strengthens Amer-ica’s security. 
Again, I would like to thank Mr. 
F
ITZPATRICK for his partnership and 
leadership on this issue. I also thank Chairman N
UNES , Ranking Member 
SCHIFF , and Mr. P ITTENGER for their 
work on this important legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chair, we are pre-
pared to support the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Arizona (Ms. S
INEMA ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . CROWLEY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 12 printed in House Report 114–155. 
Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 42, after line 12, insert the following: 
SEC. 336. REPORT ON NATIONAL SECURITY CO-
OPERATION BETWEEN UNITED STATES, INDIA, AND ISRAEL. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees a re-port on possibilities for growing national se-curity cooperation between the United States, India, and Israel. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 315, the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ) and a Member op-
posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I rise today to urge my colleagues to 
support this bipartisan amendment. 
I appreciate the support of my col-
leagues from California, Ohio, North Carolina, Arizona, and New York, who are coleaders on this effort. They are Mr. B
ERA, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. 
CHABOT , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , and Mr. 
HOLDING . I also thank the chairman 
and ranking member of the Intel-ligence Committee for their support of this amendment. 
This amendment is about expanding 
the cooperation between the world’s oldest democracy, the world’s largest democracy, and a true democracy with-in the Middle East. That is the United States, India, and Israel. In recent years, the United States has expanded relations with Israel, as well as with India, in a number of areas. 
We have also seen India and Israel 
work more and more together on a bi-lateral basis. Of course, that is because a lot of their interests overlap, but it is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.056 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4414 June 16, 2015 
also because many of our values over-
lap. 
There is so much that our three 
countries can be doing together in the realm of scientific cooperation, re-search, best practices, national secu-rity implementation, defense, and much, much more. 
There is also a lot that we can learn 
from each other, whether it is about drip irrigation to build food supplies, desalinization to address water short-ages, or refrigeration practices to pre-vent the kind of food spoilage that leads to hunger, not to mention how much potential there is in techno-logical research and economic develop-ment. 
This amendment, of course, just 
deals with a narrow portion of these areas because the underlying bill is limited to security issues, but it is a 
needed start. 
I truly believe that the United 
States-India relationship has the po-tential to be the world’s most impor-tant ‘‘big country’’ relationship in the 21st century. As our ties with India grow, it is important to see the India- Israel ties increasing as well. 
Here in the United States, as a 
former co-chair of the Congressional Caucus on India and Indian Americans, I have met with many members of the Indian American community, and I have consistently heard from visiting members of India’s Government that there is a genuine desire to expand re-lations between India and Israel now and in the future. 
In fact, it has already been reported 
that, in the coming months, India’s Prime Minister will become the first- ever Indian Prime Minister to travel to Israel. We are going to see the leader of what will be the world’s most populous nation visiting and engaging with one of the smallest nations. 
The sky is really the limit on this ef-
fort going forward, and that is why the amendment asks the Director of Na-tional Intelligence to submit to Con-gress a plan on how to grow the U.S.- India-Israel national security relation-ship. This is a real possibility, and I hope the DNI can identify a solid num-ber of ways to work together even more in the future. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chair, I claim the 
time in opposition, although I do not intend to oppose the amendment. 
The CHAIR. Without objection, the 
gentleman from California is recog-nized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chair, Mr. H
OLDING  
was just here, but unfortunately, he got called away to another meeting be-cause I know he worked closely with Mr. C
ROWLEY and others as chair of the 
India Caucus, and he wanted me to ex-press his strong support for this amendment. I also urge my colleagues to support the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. S
CHIFF ). Mr. SCHIFF. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Chair, working with inter-
national partners is an essential ele-ment of the IC’s mission to understand the global threat environment, as well as the political, social, and economic trends around the world. 
For nearly 70 years, Israel has been a 
close friend and ally, as well as a vital source of intelligence about the world’s most volatile region. In recent years, India, the world’s largest democracy, has upgraded its bilateral relationships with both the United States and Israel. Given India’s complex relationship with both Pakistan and China, explor-ing the potential for enhanced tri-lateral intelligence cooperation is very much in our interest. 
Mr. C
ROWLEY ’s amendment to direct 
the DNI to report to Congress on the potential for intelligence sharing is timely, and I urge the House to support it. 
Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Chairman, again, 
let me thank Mr. N
UNES , the chair of 
the committee, as well as the ranking member, Mr. S
CHIFF , for their support 
of this valuable amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . WILSON OF  
SOUTH CAROLINA  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 13 printed in House Report 114–155. 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 42, after line 12, insert the following: 
SEC. 336. CYBER ATTACK STANDARDS OF MEAS-
UREMENT STUDY. 
(a) S TUDY REQUIRED .—The Director of Na-
tional Intelligence, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Direc-tor of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Secretary of Defense, shall carry out a study to determine appropriate standards that— 
(1) can be used to measure the damage of 
cyber incidents for the purposes of deter-mining the response to such incidents; and 
(2) include a method for quantifying the 
damage caused to affected computers, sys-tems, and devices. 
(b) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .— 
(1) P RELIMINARY FINDINGS .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intel-ligence shall provide to the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Serv-ices, the Committee on Homeland Security, and the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives the initial findings of the study required under subsection (a). 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 360 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall sub-mit to the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs, and the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives a report con-taining the complete findings of such study. 
(3) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required 
by paragraph (2) shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may contain a classified annex. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 315, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from South Carolina. 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I am grateful for Chairman N
UNES and the House Permanent Se-
lect Committee on Intelligence for their leadership on this important leg-islation. 
I am particularly grateful that I was 
here to hear the presentation by Con-gressman J
OECROWLEY relative to pro-
moting a better relationship with the world’s largest democracy, India, by the world’s oldest democracy, the United States. 
He and I have served as the past co- 
chairs of the Caucus of India and In-dian Americans, and I know of his com-mitment to promoting a better rela-tionship between India and the United States. 
Last week, the Office of Personnel 
Management revealed they were the targets of an extended cyber attack on Federal employee personnel records. These attacks stole personal data, such as Social Security numbers, financial information, and security clearance documents, putting the personal and fi-nancial security of our citizens at risk. 
This cyber attack was not a novelty. 
Recently, we have seen a growing num-ber of cyber attacks on government Web sites, national retailers, and small businesses. Indeed, according to Symantec, most businesses reported a completed or an attempted cyber at-tack in the last year, and 60 percent of those facing an attack were small- or medium-sized businesses. These cyber attacks are a sober reminder to Con-gress that all government agencies need to work together to better protect their public and private networks. 
After each of these attacks, we have 
had a number of questions: Who is be-hind it? Is it an agent of a foreign gov-ernment or a nonstate actor? How many records were affected? What kind of information was accessed? 
As of now, we gather this informa-
tion through various government agen-cies, and each uses a different measure to assess and quantify the damage of the attack, so we waste valuable time and resources when trying to piece to-gether a response. 
We need a clear, unified system of 
measurement for cyber attacks that can be used across all government agencies and military branches. By putting government agencies and branches of the military on the same 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.059 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4415 June 16, 2015 
page, we can have an effective and 
rapid response. 
This amendment directs the Director 
of National Intelligence, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Director of the FBI, and the Secretary of Defense, to conduct a study to define a method of measuring a cyber incident so we can determine an appropriate response. 
As chairman of the House Armed 
Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, it is apparent that cyber is a new domain of warfare. This amendment is a critical first step in building a more comprehensive cyber defense system. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition even though I am not op-posed. 
The CHAIR. Without objection, the 
gentleman from California is recog-nized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I would 
like to thank the gentleman from South Carolina for his important amendment. 
There is a limit to how effective a de-
fensive cyber strategy can be because, while we have to defend everything at all times, our adversaries get to attack everywhere and need to be successful only once, so we need to create a more effective deterrent, which this amend-ment will help further. 
It would require that the Office of 
the Director of National Intelligence report to Congress on how we measure cyber attacks so that we can know how best to respond once we are attacked or to communicate in advance how we would respond if we were attacked. Measuring the scale and effects of cyber attacks is no easy task, espe-cially as we must factor in second and third order effects. 
I want to thank Mr. W
ILSON for his 
amendment. I am proud to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . POE OF  
TEXAS  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 14 printed in House Report 114–155. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 42, after line 12, insert the following: 
SEC. 336. REPORT ON WILDLIFE TRAFFICKING. 
(a) R EPORTS REQUIRED .—Not later than 365 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional commit-tees specified in subsection (b) a report on wildlife trafficking. 
(b) S
PECIFIED MEMBERS AND COMMITTEES OF  
CONGRESS .—The congressional committees 
specified in this subsection are the following: 
(1) Select Committee on Intelligence of the 
Senate. (2) Committee on Foreign Relations of the 
Senate. 
(3) Committee on Environment and Public 
Works of the Senate. 
(4) Permanent Select Committee on Intel-
ligence of the House of Representatives. 
(5) Committee on Foreign Affairs of the 
House of Representatives. 
(6) Committee on Natural Resources of the 
House of Representatives. 
(c) M ATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The report 
submitted under subsection (a) shall include each of the following: 
(1) An assessment of the major source, 
transit, and destination countries for wild-life trafficking products or their derivatives and how such products or derivatives are trafficked. 
(2) An assessment of the efforts of those 
countries identified as major source, transit, and destination countries to counter wildlife trafficking and to adhere to their inter-national treaty obligations relating to en-dangered or threatened species. 
(3) An assessment of critical 
vulnerabilities that can be used to counter wildlife trafficking. 
(4) An assessment of the extent of involve-
ment of designated foreign terrorist organi-zations and transnational criminal organiza-tions in wildlife trafficking. 
(5) An assessment of key actors and 
facilitators, including government officials, that are supporting wildlife trafficking. 
(6) An assessment of the annual net worth 
of wildlife trafficking globally and the finan-cial flows that enables wildlife trafficking. 
(7) An assessment of the impact of wildlife 
trafficking on key wildlife populations. 
(8) An assessment of the effectiveness of ef-
forts taken to date to counter wildlife traf-ficking. 
(9) An assessment of the effectiveness of 
capacity-building efforts by the United States Government. 
(10) An assessment of the impact of wildlife 
trafficking on the national security of the United States. 
(11) An assessment of the level of coordina-
tion between United States intelligence and law enforcement agencies on intelligence re-lated to wildlife trafficking, the capacity of those agencies to process and act on that in-telligence effectively, existing barriers to ef-fective coordination, and the degree to which relevant intelligence is shared with and acted upon by bilateral and multilateral law enforcement partners. 
(12) An assessment of the gaps in intel-
ligence capabilities to assess transnational wildlife trafficking networks and steps cur-rently being taken, in line with the Imple-mentation Plan to the National Strategy for Combating Wildlife Trafficking, to remedy such information gaps. 
(d) F
ORM.—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 315, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) and a Member opposed each 
will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
This amendment, cosponsored by the 
ranking member on the Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade Sub-committee, Mr. K
EATING from Massa-
chusetts, requires the Director of Na-tional Intelligence to produce a report on wildlife trafficking, how terrorist organizations are involved, how they are making money off of wildlife traf-
ficking, and the impact it has on U.S. national security. 
During our Terrorism, Nonprolifera-
tion, and Trade Subcommittee hearing on this very issue in February, we learned that rhinos and elephants are on the path to extinction. 
For example, back in the seventies, 
there were approximately 65,000 rhinos in Africa. Since then, about 1,000 a year have been killed, and now, there are only 5,000 left in Africa. That is a 94 percent drop in those rhinos. There are only five white rhinos in the whole world. 
Elephants are not faring much bet-
ter. From 2002 to 2010, the elephant population across Africa dropped 66 percent. Back in the thirties and for-ties, Mr. Chairman, there were approxi-mately 5 million African elephants. Now there are about a half a million African elephants. 
One of the most famous was Satao in 
this photograph that was taken last year. He was, presumably, the oldest elephant that was in existence in Afri-ca. He was killed last year for his tusks, which almost touched the ground. In fact, National Geographic, a year ago today, did an article on him and how he was killed for his tusks and how other elephants are being killed for their tusks. He was about 46 years old when he was killed for those tusks. 
The reason that poaching seems to be 
on the increase over the last few years is that there is a low risk of apprehen-sion, and it is easy to commit these crimes. Also, even when someone is captured, penalties for wildlife traf-ficking are far less than for drug traf-ficking. 
Who uses these tusks? Who uses these 
rhino horns? The number one country in the world that is the consumer of the illegal ivory trade is China. Viet-nam is the number one country in the world that uses the illegal trade of rhino horns. This is where these tusks and these rhino horns go, and it brings in a lot of money. 
For example, a kilogram of rhino 
horns—if I remember my math cor-rectly, that is 2.2 pounds—sells for $60,000. So there is a lot more money involved in the sale of rhino horns and 
of elephant tusks than even of gold and platinum. 
Overall, the illegal wildlife trade is 
about $10 billion to $20 billion a year. It should come as no surprise that ter-rorist organizations are also involved in this criminal enterprise, like al Qaeda’s affiliate al Shabaab and like Joseph Kony’s Lord’s Resistance Army. They are cashing in on the illegal wild-life trafficking. 
It is getting so bad that the poachers 
have become very sophisticated in the sense that they no longer just shoot elephants, for example, because that makes a noise, that warns them. They are even being poisoned. An elephant is poisoned, and the elephant dies. 
Then, when people approach the ele-
phant, they not only see the dead ele-phant, but they see other animals that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.061 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4416 June 16, 2015 
were feeding on the carcass of the ele-
phant, and they are all dead, too, so that the poachers can get those tusks. They have become very innovative. 
b1545 
Local park rangers are under-
resourced; they are ill-equipped; and some of them are corrupt as well. So we can’t fight what we don’t know. 
There is a lot about this issue—and 
terrorist involvement in wildlife traf-ficking—that is murky, so we need to find out, for example: How much money do terrorists get from wildlife trafficking? Who are the key facilitators of the trade? What govern-ment officials are complicit? What im-pact does this have on the U.S. na-tional security? 
This amendment requires the Direc-
tor of National Intelligence to report to Congress on these and other ques-tions. The better we understand the threat, the better we understand what is happening and how terrorists are in-volved in the illegal killing of rhinos and elephants, the more effective we can be against fighting those terror-ists. And that is just the way it is. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition, even though I am not opposed. 
The CHAIR. Without objection, the 
gentleman from California is recog-nized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to thank the gentlemen from Texas and Massachusetts for their amend-ment, which I am proud to support. 
The trafficking of wildlife by ter-
rorist organizations is an important issue, not only because it threatens to wipe out elephants, rhinos, and tigers, but also because it could threaten our national security. The World Wildlife Fund estimates that the amount of money generated by wildlife traf-ficking trade reaches into the hundreds of millions of dollars, and much of this goes to fund terrorists, including The Lord’s Resistance Army, al-Shabaab, and Boko Haram. That is money going into the coffers of those who every day seek to harm us and others. 
We must put our intelligence profes-
sionals to the task. We must under-stand from beginning to end how ter-rorists acquire, transfer, and profit from wildlife trafficking. This is the first step to putting an end to it. 
Again, I want to thank my colleagues 
for offering this amendment. I urge support. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POE of Texas. I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MR . POE OF  
TEXAS  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 15 printed in House Report 114–155. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 42, after line 12, insert the following: 
SEC. 336. REPORT ON TERRORIST USE OF SOCIAL 
MEDIA. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional commit-tees specified in subsection (b) a report that represents the coordinated assessment of the intelligence community on terrorist use of social media. 
(b) S
PECIFIED MEMBERS AND COMMITTEES OF  
CONGRESS .—The congressional committees 
specified in this subsection are the following: 
(1) Select Committee on Intelligence of the 
Senate. 
(2) Committee on Foreign Relations of the 
Senate. 
(3) Committee on Judiciary of the Senate. (4) Committee on Homeland and Govern-
ment Affairs of the Senate. 
(5) Permanent Select Committee on Intel-
ligence of the House of Representatives. 
(6) Committee on Foreign Affairs of the 
House of Representatives. 
(7) Committee on Judiciary of the House of 
Representatives. 
(8) Committee on Homeland Security of 
the House of Representatives. 
(c) M
ATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The report 
submitted under subsection (a) shall include each of the following: 
(1) An assessment of what role social media 
plays in radicalization in the United States and elsewhere. 
(2) An assessment of how terrorists and 
terrorist organizations are using social media, including trends. 
(3) An assessment of the intelligence value 
of social media posts by terrorists and ter-rorist organizations. 
(4) An assessment of the impact on the na-
tional security of the United States of the public availability of terrorist content on so-cial media for fundraising, radicalization, and recruitment. 
(d) F
ORM.—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 315, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) and a Member opposed each 
will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Chairman, terrorists’ use of so-
cial media has exploded over the past several years. A recent study by The Brookings Institution found that ISIS had over 40,000 Twitter accounts. Ter-rorist groups from ISIS to the Taliban use social media platforms to recruit, to radicalize, to spread propaganda, and to raise money. I have seen fan pages for the Khorasan Group, an on-line press conference held on Twitter by the al Qaeda branch in Yemen, and we all remember al-Shabaab live tweeting the murder of 72 people in Kenya. All terrorist groups. 
The benefits of social media are 
clear. Social media is easy to use, it is free, and it reaches huge audiences across the world. We need to better un-derstand why terrorists’ use of social 
media is effective and what impact it is having on the world. 
This bipartisan amendment is co-
sponsored by the ranking member on our Subcommittee on Terrorism, Non-proliferation, and Trade, Mr. K
EATING  
from Massachusetts. This amendment requires the Director of National Intel-ligence to assess four parts of the so-cial media problem: First, what role does social media play in radicalizing people in the United States and abroad? 
The rise of the lone wolf terrorism in 
recent years has been fueled, in part, by terrorists’ use of social media. Just recently, in Garland, Texas, two indi-viduals claiming ISIS connections were killed while they were attacking an as-sembly on free speech and peaceable assembly of religion. Evidence shows that they had some social connection, social media connection with ISIS. The Boston bombers made two pressure cooker bombs. The recipes for those bombs were published before the attack in al Qaeda’s Inspire magazine. That magazine was released and promoted on social media. 
Second, how exactly are terrorists 
using social media? Social media is constantly evolving, just like terror-ists’ use of social media platforms. Fol-lowing online trends is an essential ele-ment in putting resources where they have the most impact. We need to make fast-paced improvements in this area as new trends and platforms emerge. 
Third, what is the real intelligence 
value of terrorists’ posts? In 2012, a number of my colleagues and I sent a letter to the FBI asking, What intel-ligence value is terrorists’ use of social media? The FBI has not come up with an answer. We need a detailed under-standing from the whole intelligence community on just how valuable the intelligence is that we are getting from terrorists’ use of social media. 
Finally, how does online fundraising, 
radicalization, and recruitment by ter-rorists impact U.S. national security? We know social media is a valuable tool to the terrorists just by how often they use it. Unfortunately, the United States is way behind on countering ter-rorists’ use of social media, so we should do more. Terrorists like ISIS are out to destroy us. We have to fight to defeat them on every battlefield, and that includes in social media. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition, even though I am not opposed. 
The CHAIR. Without objection, the 
gentleman from California is recog-nized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, social 
media, like any other form of commu-nication, can be exploited by bad ac-tors for nefarious purposes. While we are lucky to live in a time of remark-able innovation that brings us closer to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.063 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4417 June 16, 2015 
one another no matter what our geo-
graphical distance may be, our adver-saries use the same tools to spread hateful and dangerous messages across the globe. 
I, therefore, support this amendment 
that calls on the intelligence commu-nity to provide Congress with greater information about how terrorist orga-nizations use social media for fund-raising, radicalization, and recruit-ment. Armed with that knowledge, we are more capable of stopping them. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POE of Texas. I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . POE OF  
TEXAS  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 16 printed in House Report 114–155. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 42, after line 12, insert the following: 
SEC. 336. REPORT ON UNITED STATES COUNTER-
TERRORISM STRATEGY TO DISRUPT, DISMANTLE, AND DEFEAT ISIL, AL- QAEDA, AND THEIR AFFILIATED GROUPS, ASSOCIATED GROUPS, AND ADHERENTS. 
(a) R EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a comprehensive report on the United States counterterrorism strategy to disrupt, dismantle, and defeat the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), al- Qaeda, and their affiliated groups, associated groups, and adherents. 
(2) C
OORDINATION .—The report required by 
paragraph (1) shall be prepared in coordina-tion with the Secretary of State, the Sec-retary of the Treasury, the Attorney Gen-eral, and the Secretary of Defense, and the head of any other department or agency of the United States Government that has re-sponsibility for activities directed at com-bating ISIL, al-Qaeda, and their affiliated groups, associated groups, and adherents. 
(3) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by 
paragraph (1) shall include each of the fol-lowing: 
(A) A definition of— (i) al-Qaeda core, including a list of which 
known individuals constitute al-Qaeda core; 
(ii) ISIL, including a list of which known 
individuals constitute ISIL leadership; 
(iii) an affiliated group of ISIL or al-Qaeda, 
including a list of which known groups con-stitute an affiliate group of ISIL or al-Qaeda; 
(iv) an associated group of ISIL or al- 
Qaeda, including a list of which known groups constitute an associated group of ISIL or al-Qaeda; 
(v) an adherent of ISIL or al-Qaeda, includ-
ing a list of which known groups constitute an adherent of ISIL or al-Qaeda; and 
(vi) a group aligned with ISIL or al-Qaeda, 
including a description of what actions a group takes or statements it makes that qualify it as a group aligned with ISIL or al- Qaeda. 
(B) An assessment of the relationship be-
tween all identified ISIL or al-Qaeda affili-ated groups, associated groups, and adher-
ents with ISIL leadership or al-Qaeda core. 
(C) An assessment of the strengthening or 
weakening of ISIL or al-Qaeda, its affiliated groups, associated groups, and adherents, from January 1, 2010, to the present, includ-ing a description of the metrics that are used to assess strengthening or weakening and an assessment of the relative increase or de-crease in violent attacks attributed to such entities. 
(D) An assessment of whether or not an in-
dividual can be a member of al-Qaeda core if such individual is not located in Afghanistan or Pakistan. 
(E) An assessment of whether or not an in-
dividual can be a member of al-Qaeda core as well as a member of an al-Qaeda affiliated group, associated group, or adherent. 
(F) A definition of defeat of ISIL or core 
al-Qaeda. 
(G) An assessment of the extent or coordi-
nation, command, and control between ISIL or core al-Qaeda and their affiliated groups, associated groups, and adherents, specifi-cally addressing each such entity. 
(H) An assessment of the effectiveness of 
counterterrorism operations against ISIL or core al-Qaeda, their affiliated groups, associ-ated groups, and adherents, and whether such operations have had a sustained impact on the capabilities and effectiveness of ISIL or core al-Qaeda, their affiliated groups, as-sociated groups, and adherents. 
(4) F
ORM.—The report required by para-
graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(b) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Permanent Select Committee on In-
telligence, the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives; and 
(2) the Select Committee on Intelligence, 
the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 315, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) and a Member opposed each 
will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment re-
quires a strategy to defeat ISIS and other like-minded groups. It is incred-ible that after 4 years of the rise of ISIS, we still have to talk about need-ing a strategy, but here we are. 
Four years, Mr. Chairman, what is 
that? Well, in 4 years the United States mobilized the whole country and had to fight two wars—one in the Pacific and one in Europe—during World War II, and we were successful in protecting the United States, but here after 4 years of the rise of ISIS, we are not sure even what our strategy is. 
One thing we do know: controlling 
land is a top priority for ISIS. Its own credibility is wrapped up in the idea of establishing a caliphate. Without land, ISIS has no caliphate. Without a ca-liphate, ISIS loses its legitimacy among its hardcore fighters. Control-ling land is also how ISIS makes a lot of its money. See, ISIS extorts the peo-ple that it controls. It also taxes them. ISIS is still bringing in millions of dol-lars a day by other illegal activities. The only way to stop that source of 
money is by taking back land that ISIS controls. Because ISIS is embedded in civilian populations, U.S. airstrikes are not enough to take the land back. The Iraqi Army is still too unprofessional to show that they are up to the job, and we have all seen ourselves how the Iraqis have dropped American weapons and run. We have yet to give the Kurds the weapons they need to fight for themselves, and we don’t expect the dictator Assad to get the job done. 
The problem of ISIS is only getting 
bigger. Thousands of foreign fighters are still streaming into Iraq and Syria from other countries. Outside of Iraq and Syria, ISIS still has 10 networks, not including Iraq and Syria. There are three in Libya, two in Saudi Arabia, and one each in the Sinai, Nigeria, Yemen, Algeria, and one in Pakistan and Afghanistan. 
Saudi Arabia is known for its strong 
government control, but the ISIS affil-iate in Saudi Arabia recently pulled off two successful suicide attack bombings in 2 weeks. Its affiliate in Yemen has taken advantage of the fall of the gov-ernment to take over more land. The ISIS affiliate in Libya is running free in a lawless area throughout the same country that killed our Ambassador and three other Americans. All of ISIS’ 10 networks are growing stronger, not weaker, by the day. 
The President said last year that the 
United States would defeat and dis-mantle ISIS. Well, here we are a year later; we still do not have that strat-egy. That is at least according to the President himself last week when he was meeting with the world leaders at the G7 summit. He said: We do not yet have a complete strategy against ISIS. 
This amendment requires the Direc-
tor of National Intelligence to report to Congress within 6 months a com-plete strategy to defeat ISIS and other groups like it. The same amendment did pass unanimously last year with this committee’s support. So I ask Members to support it once again this year and make it become the law of the land. Today’s terrorists control more land than they have at anytime since World War II. We need a strategy; we need a plan; and we need it soon. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, it is crit-
ical that the United States continue to refine and implement a comprehensive and aggressive strategy to counter ISIL, al Qaeda, and their affiliates, but that responsibility does not lie with the Director of National Intelligence. The DNI’s job is to ensure that our na-tional leadership, who do generate our counterterrorism strategy, have the timeliest, most germane, and detailed information to be sure our strategy will be successful. 
Mr. P
OE’s amendment misclassifies 
that responsibility and misconstrues 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.066 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4418 June 16, 2015 
the important role of the Director of 
National Intelligence. Our intelligence community must be free to collect and assess intelligence outside of the scope of political decisions to be sure their analysis remains impartial and objec-tive. 
So, reluctantly, I must oppose this 
amendment and urge my colleagues to do the same. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POE of Texas. The amendment 
does state that the Director of Na-tional Intelligence will work with other appropriate agencies. 
Mr. Chairman, it is hard to fathom 
that this Nation does not have a plan to deal with ISIS. This amendment says Congress will move forward and expect and put into law that we will have a plan; we will have a strategy; and if the Director of National Intel-ligence is not an individual who is sup-posed to help form that plan, then I don’t know who would be. 
I would ask that this amendment be 
adopted. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, with re-
spect to my colleague, we have a strat-egy with respect to defeating al Qaeda and ISIL, with respect to the war in Syria and Iraq. It is a comprehensive strategy and, frankly, it is a difficult strategy to implement. It is a strategy that involves cutting off terrorism fi-nancing. It is a strategy that involves cutting off the flow of foreign fighters into Syria and Iraq. It is a strategy that involves drying up the resources, the propaganda, the attacking of the recruitment mechanism of ISIS. It is a strategy that involves enlisting the support of our partners in the region and within the Islamic world to combat the perversion of their faith that is used to recruit people to this jihad. It is a strategy that is also military in character, that employs our air assets, that seeks to train and assist Iraqi forces. So we have a strategy. It is comprehensive, and it is tough. 
While I recognize that there is frus-
tration that many of my colleagues have that our strategy has thus far not borne more success—and I share that frustration—I have yet to hear any of my colleagues offer an alternative. It is one thing to bash the administration because you don’t like the strategy; it is another to ignore the fact that we have a strategy or to propose improve-ments to it. 
But the subject matter of this 
amendment is whether the top intel-ligence official in the country should be charged with the responsibility of developing the policy to defeat ISIS, and I think it is rather his responsi-bility to make sure that the policy-makers in Congress and the adminis-tration have the very best intelligence to inform those decisions. 
We see, frankly, this misunder-
standing of the role of the intelligence community many times even in our committee when committee members will ask witnesses from the intel-ligence community to state policy po-
sitions on how they think certain poli-cies should be implemented when that is really not their responsibility. 
Here, much as I concur with the need 
to perfect our strategy, improve our strategy, and the execution of that strategy, I don’t believe that this is something that we should lay at the feet of the Director of National Intel-ligence. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amend-
ment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
b1600 
Mr. POE of Texas. I don’t have any-
thing to say, believe it or not, Mr. Chairman, so I yield back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE). 
The amendment was agreed to. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chair, I move that 
the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. P
OE 
of Texas) having assumed the chair, Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, Chair of the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2596) to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2016 for intel-ligence and intelligence-related activi-ties of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes, had come to no res-olution thereon. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the chair. 
Accordingly (at 4 o’clock and 2 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1700 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
ESTMORELAND ) at 5 p.m. 
f 
INTELLIGENCE AUTHORIZATION 
ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 315 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2596. 
Will the gentleman from Texas (Mr. 
P
OE) kindly take the chair. 
b1701 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 
2596) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for intelligence and in-telligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Com-munity Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retire-ment and Disability System, and for other purposes, with Mr. P
OEof Texas 
(Acting Chair) in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, amendment No. 16 printed in House Re-port 114–155 offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) had been disposed 
of. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . SCHIFF  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, the unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. S
CHIFF ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 176, noes 246, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 367] 
AYES—176 
Adams 
Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin 
Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Rush 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.068 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4419 June 16, 2015 
Ryan (OH) 
Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter 
Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas 
Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—246 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) 
Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter 
Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry 
Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—11 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Byrne DeSaulnier Fattah 
Griffith Kelly (MS) McHenry Sanchez, Loretta 
Sessions Sewell (AL) Welch 
b1730 
Mrs. NOEM, Messrs. POMPEO, WITT-
MAN, JOYCE, and D ESANTIS changed 
their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. BEYER, Ms. M CCOLLUM, 
Messrs. COHEN and MASSIE changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, 
the Committee rises. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
OL-
LINS of Georgia) having assumed the 
chair, Mr. P OEof Texas, Acting Chair 
of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 2596) to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for intelligence and intelligence- related activities of the United States Government, the Community Manage-ment Account, and the Central Intel-ligence Agency Retirement and Dis-ability System, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 315, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the previous question is or-dered. 
Is a separate vote demanded on any 
amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? 
If not, the question is on the amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I have a 
motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentlewoman opposed to the bill? 
Mrs. DINGELL. I am opposed to it in 
its current form. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mrs. Dingell moves to recommit the bill 
H.R. 2596 to the Select Committee on Intel-ligence (Permanent Select) with instructions to report the same back to the House forth-with, with the following amendment: 
Page 29, after line 11, insert the following: 
SEC. 317. PROTECTING UNITED STATES PERSONS 
WHO TRAVEL. 
To maximize the security of United States 
civilian aviation, the Director of National Intelligence shall identify and share with all 
appropriate Federal departments and agen-cies, including the Transportation Security Administration— 
(1) all information on new and constantly 
changing threats used by terrorists to evade airport screening operations; and 
(2) updated terrorist watch list informa-
tion for the purpose of properly vetting em-ployees at commercial airports. 
SEC. 318. PROTECTING PRIVATE PERSONAL IN-
FORMATION FROM CYBER ATTACKS BY CHINA, RUSSIA, AND OTHER STATE-SPONSORED COMPUTER HACKERS. 
The Director of National Intelligence, in 
coordination with the heads of each element of the intelligence community, shall prioritize efforts and dedicate sufficient re-sources to uncover and to foil attempts to steal the private personal information of United States persons, including Social Se-curity numbers, dates of birth, employment information, and health records, insofar as— 
(1) up to 4,000,000 records of Federal em-
ployees under the control of the Office of Personnel Management were stolen; 
(2) the information of 80,000,000 Americans 
was compromised by the attacks on Anthem Health Insurance and CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield; 
(3) the health records of more than 
29,000,000 Americans were compromised in data breaches between 2010 and 2013; and 
(4) the personnel records of millions of 
Federal employees were compromised by a series of recently discovered attacks against the Office of Personnel Management, includ-ing records related to the background inves-tigations of current, former, and prospective Federal employees. 
Mrs. DINGELL (during the reading). 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, this is 
the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will im-mediately proceed to final passage, as amended. 
Mr. Speaker, it is very timely that 
we are considering the intelligence au-thorization bill today, as there have been several troubling incidents in the last few weeks that require an imme-diate response by the Congress. 
I know that Members on both sides of 
the aisle care deeply about airport se-curity and cybersecurity, and we agree that Congress must do everything pos-sible to keep the American people safe. 
Last week, we learned that there 
were 73 people employed at airports across the country that should have been disqualified for employment be-cause they are on a terrorist watch list. The American people deserve the highest level of security at our air-ports, and, quite frankly, I believe for all of us the status quo is unacceptable. 
While it is easy for us to blame the 
TSA for this lapse in security, it is shocking that the TSA does not have access and that the current policy does not authorize them to have access to the information that they need so that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN7.024 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4420 June 16, 2015 
they can keep us safe, nor do other ap-
propriate agencies. 
As much as we agree that reforms are 
needed at TSA, we should all agree that they should have all the informa-tion they need to do their jobs. It is critical that our intelligence and secu-rity agencies are sharing information with each other because they have the same mission—keeping the American people safe. 
This motion to recommit simply 
states that the Director of National In-telligence must provide all information on new and changing terrorist threats and the updated terrorist watch list in-formation to TSA and to anybody else in the government that needs to have it. 
In addition, to improve information 
sharing, I think everybody in this Chamber knows that we must address cybersecurity. Cyber attacks are be-coming a routine event in the United States today, and it demands an imme-diate response and investigation. Americans deserve the peace of mind in knowing that their personal informa-tion is secure and not vulnerable to hacking by cyber criminals, yet there is a growing list of recent incidents that continues to put the privacy of ev-eryday Americans, our constituents, at risk. 
The recent breach of over 4 million 
records of Federal employees at the Of-fice of Personnel Management and a hack of 80 million records at Anthem Health Insurance and CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield are just a few of the prominent examples of this grow-ing threat. And who is paying the price? Working families. 
For each cyber attack that you read 
about in the newspapers, there are many more that are going unreported or, worse, undetected. In fact, some se-curity experts are concerned that China is now building a massive data-base with the personal information of many, many American citizens. 
Furthermore, American companies 
are increasingly becoming targets of cyber attacks. With a recent report es-timating that this is costing our econ-omy more than $445 billion, we simply cannot wait any longer to protect the privacy of everyday Americans from hackers and cyber criminals in Russia and China. 
This motion to recommit simply re-
quires the Director of National Intel-ligence to prioritize efforts to uncover and foil attempts to steal the private, personal information of Americans. This is the least we can do to respond to the attacks on the privacy of the American people. Let’s show the Amer-ican people that Congress is listening. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
oppose the motion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, this mo-
tion to recommit is nothing more than a poison pill designed to destroy the 
hard work that has gone into crafting this legislation. 
This bill already does exactly what 
the motion to recommit proposes. It helps the Federal Government, includ-ing the patriotic men and women of our intelligence community, address the critical national security issues facing this country. As anyone who worked on it in the committee or took the time to come down and read the annex knows, this bill already funds in-telligence community personnel who protect our networks. 
While we stand here, the intelligence 
community is wrestling with some of the greatest national security threats in our country’s history. I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the motion to recommit and ‘‘yes’’ on final passage. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5- minute vote on the motion to recom-mit will be followed by a 5-minute vote on the passage of the bill, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 183, noes 240, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 368] 
AYES—183 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings 
Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer 
Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McNerney 
Meeks Meng Moore Moulton 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel 
Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz 
Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai 
Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—240 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte 
Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) 
Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.074 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4421 June 16, 2015 
Walden 
Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland 
Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho 
Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—10 
Byrne 
Cicilline Fattah Gibson Kelly (MS) 
McGovern McHenry Reed Sanchez, Loretta 
Sewell (AL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1746 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 247, noes 178, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 369] 
AYES—247 
Abraham 
Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clay Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar 
Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren 
Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) 
Moolenaar Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) 
Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) 
Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—178 
Adams 
Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) 
Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson 
Gohmert Gosar Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Harris Hastings Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer 
Huelskamp Huffman Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Labrador Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McNerney Meeks Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mulvaney Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Nugent O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus 
Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoho 
NOT VOTING—8 
Aderholt 
Byrne Fattah Kelly (MS) 
McGovern McHenry Sanchez, Loretta 
Sewell (AL) 
b1753 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Madam Speaker, 
during the votes today I was inescapably de-tained and away handling important matters related to my District and the State of Ala-bama. 
If I had been present, I would have voted: 
‘‘no’’ on H. Res. 315; ‘‘no’’ on the Schiff/Smith (WA) Amendment to H.R. 2596; ‘‘yes’’ on the Democratic Motion to Recommit H.R. 2596; and ‘‘no’’ on final passage of H.R. 2596. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE CLERK TO 
MAKE CORRECTIONS IN EN-GROSSMENT OF H.R. 2596, INTEL-LIGENCE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
Mr. NUNES. Madam Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Clerk be authorized to make technical correc-tions in the engrossment of H.R. 2596, to correct section numbers, punctua-tion, and cross-references, and to make such other technical and conforming changes as may be necessary to accu-rately reflect the actions of the House, including changing ‘‘line 17’’ to ‘‘line 11’’ in the instruction in amendment No. 3 by the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. 
MIMIWALTERS of California). Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 1942 
Mr. GUINTA. Madam Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
ARRIS ) be re-
moved as a cosponsor from H.R. 1942. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Hampshire? 
There was no objection. 
f 
HONORING TUCSON FIRE DEPART-
MENT CAPTAIN DIANA BENSON 
(Ms. M CSALLY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. M
CSALLY. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize Tucson Fire De-partment Captain Diana Benson for her many years of service to the commu-nity upon her upcoming retirement. 
Captain Benson was one of the first 
women in the Tucson Fire Department, the first career female firefighter, and the first female lead training officer. During her 25 years in the department, she has been a pioneer and role model. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN7.026 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4422 June 16, 2015 
Captain Benson served on the tech-
nical rescue team, a highly specialized crew responsible for conducting swift water, extrication, and rope rescues. She has been a reliable leader in the department who initiated numerous peer fitness programs and also served as a member of the Tucson Fire Honor Guard. She has been highly involved in Camp Fury and the cadet program, serving as a mentor to Tucson youth and opening doors to nontraditional ca-reers, such as firefighting, for girls. 
No doubt, Captain Benson’s positive 
impact on the department and legacy of excellence lasting over two decades will be lasting. I wish her all the best in her upcoming retirement. 
f 
OFFICE OF PERSONNEL 
MANAGEMENT DATA BREACH 
(Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Madam Speaker, in 
the past 2 weeks, we have learned that the data millions of Americans en-trusted to the Office of Personnel Man-agement have been taken as a result of a cybersecurity breach. 
It did not have to happen this way. 
Since 2007, OPM’s inspector general has documented repeated deficiencies in in-formation security practices. Yet OPM’s response has been glacial, and its systems remain antiquated. It was only after a security breach last year that OPM finally, in its 2016 budget re-quest, asked for additional funds for the Office of Chief Information Officer. Well, it is about time. 
The question we need to ask, though, 
is: Why did OPM underinvest in cyber-security before that breach happened? While I would hope that we find a de-finitive answer during oversight hear-ings, there is one thing that certainly contributed to the problem. There was no one in charge of cybersecurity with both policy and budgetary authorities to compel action. 
Even as we rely on agencies to be pri-
marily responsible for protecting their networks, we lack a Federal cyber co-ordinator with budgetary authority to review agency spending and security plans. My Executive Cyberspace Co-ordination Act would remedy this by providing for a Senate-confirmed inde-pendent officer with the power to com-pel agency action. 
Let’s get this done. 
f 
CONGRATS TO CHANHASSEN HIGH 
SCHOOL BASEBALL 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today to congratulate the Chanhassen High School baseball team on winning the Minnesota State title last week with a 2–0 championship game victory. The Storm rode the arm of Jack 
Schnettler in the finals as the senior tossed a complete game shutout to clinch the second State athletic title in the school’s short history. 
Chanhassen’s two runs came courtesy 
of a Ty Denzer single in the third in-ning. In addition, fine work with the glove behind the Storm ace helped hold their opponents from Lakeville North at bay. 
Madam Speaker, baseball is a game 
of skill and mental toughness, and it is clear that the players from Chanhassen have both. In addition to the time spent on the practice field, student athletes have to balance their work in the classroom and any family respon-sibilities they have as well. Their dedi-cation and commitment is commend-able. 
Congratulations to the Chanhassen 
baseball team on their State title. 
f 
b1800 
WORLD WAR II HONOR FLIGHT 
(Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
of New Mexico asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. Madam Speaker, I rise to acknowledge and honor a group of World War II veterans from New Mex-ico who visited Washington, D.C., last week. They came to visit the memo-rials, their memorials, that are dedi-cated to honor their service and sac-rifices. 
We have about 5,000 World War II vet-
erans in New Mexico, and I appreciate the efforts of the Williamson Founda-tion in supporting the veterans by or-ganizing this week’s Honor Flight. 
While I am sure each veteran appre-
ciated the opportunity to visit the me-morials, I know many of them were just as impressed with the gratitude expressed by their fellow New Mexicans for their service. Huge crowds greeted them at the airport in Albuquerque. One veteran said he had never received a thank you before this trip. 
New Mexicans played pivotal roles 
and sacrificed a lot during the war in Europe, north Africa, and the Pacific. 
We must never forget what these and 
all veterans have done for our great Nation. I thank them for their service. 
f 
ACKNOWLEDGING THIRD ANNIVER-
SARY OF 2012 DEFERRED ACTION FOR CHILDHOOD ARRIVALS PRO-GRAM 
(Mr. VEASEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. VEASEY. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to acknowledge the third anni-versary of President Obama’s 2012 De-ferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, commonly known as DACA. 
While the Nation desperately waits 
for House Republicans to move forward on immigration reform, the DACA pro-
gram has provided temporary relief for hundreds of thousands of families to continue their studies and contribute to our economy. Since its enactment, more than 750,000 young people, includ-ing 88,000 Texans, have successfully ap-plied for DACA. 
Although I am disappointed with the 
recent court actions delaying President Obama’s expansion of the DACA pro-gram, I remain hopeful that millions more immigrant families will one day be able to fully contribute to the pros-perity of our country. 
That is why, in my home district in 
the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex, I will host a DACA-DAPA informational forum with Congressman L
UIS 
GUTIE´RREZ on July 18 to help TX–33 
residents prepare for immigration re-lief. 
While President Obama’s efforts to 
expand DACA and initiate DAPA pro-grams are temporarily stalled in the courts, I am committed to fighting for immigrant families nationwide, so they can come out of the shadows and live the American Dream. 
f 
BETTER FUNDING AND SUPPORT 
FOR ALZHEIMER’S RESEARCH 
(Mrs. LAWRENCE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Madam Speaker, I 
stand here today to join my colleagues in a bipartisan call for action for better funding and support for Alzheimer’s re-search. The Alzheimer’s Association of Greater Michigan, which is headquartered in my district, the 14th Congressional District of Michigan, supports more than 140,000 people and their families. 
According to the Banner Alzheimer 
Institute, those numbers are going to increase unless treatments or cures are developed. The institute estimates the number of people 65 and older with Alz-heimer’s will nearly triple to 13.8 mil-lion, and the U.S. healthcare costs for Alzheimer’s will skyrocket to $1.1 tril-lion per year, with more than $700 mil-lion coming out of Medicare and Med-icaid. 
It is time to treat Alzheimer’s as the 
healthcare disaster that it has become. It is time to take this epidemic seri-ously. It is time to guard against the threat it poses to our families, our dis-tricts, healthcare system, and our Na-tion. 
f 
CHICAGO BLACKHAWKS STANLEY 
CUP DYNASTY 
(Mr. LIPINSKI asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Madam Speaker, last 
night, I wore my number 35 Tony Esposito Chicago Blackhawks jersey from the 1970s, and I watched what I could never have imagined in those days, a Chicago Blackhawks Stanley 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.079 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4423 June 16, 2015 
Cup dynasty; but thanks to the leader-
ship of owner, Rocky Wirtz, and an amazing team put together by Stan Bowman and led by Coach Q, the Hawks won their third Stanley Cup in 6 years. 
The core of Toews, Keith, Kane, 
Hossa, Seabrook, Hjalmarsson, and Sharp have been there for all three. This year, Duncan Keith was awarded the Conn Smythe MVP trophy, but this was truly a team effort. 
Chicagoland thanks everyone in the 
organization for once again making us proud and bringing the Stanley Cup back to Chicago. 
I can’t wait for the parade. I can’t 
wait to see the Stanley Cup again. 
f 
CONGRESS AND AMERICA OPPOSE 
FAST TRACK 
(Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Speaker, this 
afternoon, House Republican leaders used a trick to pass a new rule to revote the job-outsourcing, unfair, fast-track Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal. They buried the revote in the intelligence authorization. 
Well, the Republican leadership 
wants to buy itself another month to make deals, trading favors and funding pet projects in this district or that dis-trict, in exchange for a vote against the best interests of the American peo-ple, jobs in America with good wages. 
Imagine Congress fast-tracking a bill 
to repair our roads, bridges, and har-bors all across this country. Imagine a bill to be fast-tracked to renew the powers of the Export-Import Bank that actually increases exports and jobs in this country. 
Instead, fast track is being rammed 
through Congress with House Repub-lican leaders bending the rules and breaking regular order. Intelligence authorization bills should not be an-other name for secret fast-track life support. 
No more delays. It is overtime for 
Congress to move on from fast track to a real fair trade deal that creates jobs and good wages in America for a change. 
f 
A TALE OF TWO ECONOMIES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. T
IPTON ) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. 
Mr. TIPTON. Madam Speaker, across 
our country, we are seeing a tale of two economies, to where there are pockets of prosperity, but unfortunately, through many of our rural commu-nities, we continue to see challenges. 
For the first time since we have been 
keeping records, we are seeing more small businesses shut down than there are now business startups. Businesses across this country are suffering under the burden of $2 trillion—$2 trillion—in 
regulatory costs. 
Why is this important? It is because 
we are seeing now the cost of a loaf of bread, the clothes that we buy for our children to be able to go back to school, and that gallon of milk costs more via taxation by regulation that is impacting our ability to create jobs. 
When we move into my district in 
Colorado, composed of rural commu-nities, 29 counties of Colorado’s 64, 54,000 miles of the State of Colorado, many of our counties are still suffering in double-digit unemployment when it comes down to the real number. 
Two counties that I would like to be 
able to address specifically this evening are being specifically chal-lenged, Moffat County and Rio Blanco County, on the west slope of Colorado, one of the most beautiful places that anyone can visit. 
Residing there and creating jobs is 
something called the Colowyo Mine, a coal mine. We encourage people to be able to come and see a coal mine with good technology, providing affordable electricity, providing jobs, and pro-viding also clear blue skies with that technology. Those are currently being challenged. 
There was a court ruling recently 
that came out, one that was in re-sponse to a suit that was brought by an extreme environmental group that challenged the 2007 issuance of the Of-fice of Surface Mining permit for the Colowyo Mine to be able to operate. 
That is challenging now 200 jobs be-
cause the court has ruled that a new NEPA process, a supplemental process, must be performed within 120 days, an extremely short period of time. 
Those 200 families, 200 families that 
are relying on that job to be able to provide for their children, to be able to support that community, are now feel-ing threatened by policies not only in terms of the NEPA process, but now by the ruling of the Court as well in re-sponse to a suit filed by this extreme environmental group. 
Here is the real challenge that we 
face. We need the Secretary of the In-terior to respond. These families’ jobs cannot wait. Being able to put food on the table for their children cannot wait for this process to be able to play out. 
We encourage the Secretary to de-
ploy all necessary resources to be able to respond to that emergency NEPA process, to be able to get it done in that 120-day period of time, or to be able to also look at the propriety of challenging that ruling by going in and filing an appeal. 
Are jobs and the economy important? 
They certainly are in my district. Those families that are relying on good-paying coal jobs, families that love where they live, love their envi-ronment, and support their community are now seeing their livelihoods, their future being challenged. 
We encourage the Secretary, on be-
half of American families, families in my district that are struggling to be able to succeed or to just be able to 
provide for themselves, to be able to respond in a timely manner, to be able to address this so that we can secure those jobs and secure affordable elec-tricity as well. 
Coal is often maligned, but we see 
that it can be done right—Craig, Colo-rado, blue skies and a coal-fired power plant. There is an opportunity for us to be able to create a win-win. 
If you care about senior citizens that 
are on fixed incomes, if you care about young families right now that are struggling to be able to pay the bills and to be able to provide for their young children, we are seeing that tax-ation via regulation coming out of pol-icy. 
I think it is very important that we 
preserve the jobs. Let’s work with all of the above. That has been embraced in my district. We have seen the oppor-tunity to be able to create hydro-electric power, wind, solar, geothermal, also to responsibly develop oil, gas, oil shale, and coal. 
Right now, the problem for the peo-
ple in the Third District, specifically in Rio Blanco and Moffat Counties, is ur-gent. They are families that I have talked to. I have looked in their eyes. They will do it responsibly. They want to be able to do it well, not only for the community, but for their families as well. 
It is very important that we are also 
mindful that those jobs impact others. These are the families that support the local grocery store, the local hardware store; these are the families that pro-vide for the health of that community. 
Madam Speaker, we would call upon 
the Secretary of the Interior to re-spond to American families whose jobs are currently being threatened, deploy the necessary resources to be able to carry out that supplemental NEPA, get the job done in time to protect those jobs. 
If that isn’t possible, then go ahead 
and explore that proprietary notion of filing an appeal, to make sure that we get a stay and keep those jobs moving, because the message that my folks out of Craig, out of Rio Blanco County want to be able to communicate is their bills won’t stop. Their children’s needs will not be met unless we see a response out of the Department of the Interior to be able to stand up for good- paying coal jobs in western Colorado. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
f 
ALZHEIMER’S AND BRAIN 
AWARENESS MONTH 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized 
for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Madam Speaker, 
for the next hour, we will be talking about an issue that really confronts every American family, an issue that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.080 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4424 June 16, 2015 
has brought devastation, fear, and sad-
ness to virtually every family in this Nation. 
We are going to talk about dementia 
and Alzheimer’s. We are going to talk about the way in which it literally tears families apart as their loved one’s mind, recollections, and ability to han-dle their own affairs seems to dissipate. 
b1815 
This is an issue that currently con-
fronts around 5 million Americans and their families. This is an issue that will grow exponentially over the next 25 to 30 years to the point where maybe 16 million American families are going to be affected by it. 
It is also an issue that we can deal 
with. It is an issue that we can see the cost. Let me put up this chart here, and we will talk about the cost of Alz-heimer’s quickly. 
It is a crisis that is growing rapidly, 
and it is resulting in extraordinary cost increases. If you look at 2015, on Medicare and Medicaid programs, the Federal Government will spend $153 bil-lion on Alzheimer’s. In 2020, it will grow to $182 billion. And then it is an-ticipated—as one of our colleagues spoke during a 1-minute speech—that by 2050, it will grow to over $1 trillion. This is an issue for the Federal Govern-ment. It is an issue for every family. 
Let me put up another little chart 
here that really displays what an in-vestment by the American people can do. If you take a look at the reasons why people die most commonly in the United States—breast cancer, prostate cancer, heart disease, stroke, HIV—you will notice that in every one of these, we have seen a decline in the mortality from these illnesses. 
Breast cancer declining just margin-
ally. Prostate cancer, a significant de-cline of around 11 percent. Heart dis-ease declined by 14 percent; stroke by 21; and HIV, while still prevalent and still common, the death rate is down by more than 50 percent. 
This one over here is Alzheimer’s dis-
ease; a 71 percent increase in the num-ber of deaths due to Alzheimer’s. 
My mother-in-law is in this statistic. 
She spent the last 2 years of her life living with my wife, Patty, and I in our home. We cared for her at night. We, fortunately, were able to have someone come in to help us during the day. And that is really the story of most Alz-heimer’s now. You are either in a nurs-ing home or you are cared for in the home. 
So among those 5 million out there, 
there are families, like mine, that are caring as best they can in a very dif-ficult situation. Ours, fortunately, was not so difficult. But, nonetheless, after two-plus years, my mother-in-law did die. 
So what can we do about it? I want to put up one more chart here, 
and then I want to turn to my col-leagues. If you will remember on that chart I just put up, death rates are de-clining for cancer. There is a reason. And the reason is the annual expendi-
ture for cancer research has been just under $5.5 billion for the last few years. For HIV/AIDS, nearly $3 billion of re-search annually. Cardiovascular, heart disease, over $2 billion. 
Alzheimer’s, while the death rate 
climbs, we are spending just over $566 million—not billion, million. So we shouldn’t be surprised when we see this: declines in the cancer rates, deaths from cancer, stroke, heart dis-ease, HIV. And then Alzheimer’s. 
Mr. Speaker, $1 trillion will be spent 
in just 25 years on dealing with Alz-heimer’s, and some 16 million Ameri-cans will have that illness. 
Now there is good news. The good 
news just happened today, and I want to commend my Republican colleague T
OMCOLEfrom Oklahoma, chairman of 
the Appropriations Health and Human Services Subcommittee, who moved to increase Alzheimer’s research from $566 million to almost $900 million. 
Go for it, T
OM. You are the chairman 
of that subcommittee, and you are doing the right thing. You are doing the right thing by 5 million Americans who suffer from Alzheimer’s today, and you are doing the right thing for their families. 
And I think House has the oppor-
tunity also to stand with T
OMCOLEand 
to do the right thing by Americans, and that is, increase this research funding. 
There are breakthroughs that are 
coming. If you read the articles, if you read the scientific journals, we are coming to an understanding of this 
very, very difficult disease for which there is no early detection, for which there is no cure, and for which there is only one exit, and that is death. So we can deal with this. 
The 535 of us, the Representatives of 
those 5 million Americans with Alz-heimer’s and their families, we can do something. We can increase the fund-ing for research. 
Tonight I am joined by several of my 
colleagues. 
I yield to the gentlewoman from 
California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) who 
carried legislation on this for years. She has been the co-chair of the Alz-heimer’s Caucus. If she will join us and share with us her work and what is happening from her perspective. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Thank you so very much. 
Madam Speaker, I would like to 
thank my friend and colleague from California, Congressman J
OHN 
GARAMENDI , for yielding, and I com-
mend him for organizing this Special Order on Alzheimer’s disease in honor of the month of June, which is Alz-heimer’s and Brain Awareness Month. 
As the co-chair of the Congressional 
Task Force on Alzheimer’s Disease, I know how devastating this disease can be for our patients, families, and care-givers. I am proud to lead the task force along with my co-chairs, Con-gressman C
HRIS SMITH, Congressman 
MICHAEL BURGESS , and Congressman 
CHAKA FATTAH . Alzheimer’s is a tragic disease which 
has no effective treatment, no means of prevention, and no method for slowing progression of the disease. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 5 million Americans were living with Alzheimer’s disease in 2013. This number is expected to almost tri-ple to 14 million by the year 2050. 
The bipartisan supported National 
Plan to Address Alzheimer’s Disease calls for a cure or an effective treat-ment for Alzheimer’s by the year 2025. Reaching this goal will require a sig-nificant increase in Federal funding for Alzheimer’s research. 
I, therefore, introduced H.R. 237, a bi-
partisan resolution which calls for a 
significant increase in Alzheimer’s re-search funding and declares that achieving the primary goal of the na-tional plan—to prevent and effectively treat Alzheimer’s by 2025—is an urgent national priority. A similar resolution was introduced in the Senate by Sen-ator S
USAN COLLINS of Maine. 
I also circulated a letter to the House 
Appropriations Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Re-lated Agencies Subcommittee request-
ing robust funding for Alzheimer’s re-search at the National Institutes of Health in the coming fiscal year. The letter was signed by a bipartisan group of 63 Members of Congress. I was pleased to learn that the subcommittee recently proposed a $300 million in-crease for Alzheimer’s research. 
As we pursue the goals of a cure for 
Alzheimer’s, we must also do every-thing we can to assist the patients, families, and caregivers who are living with Alzheimer’s every day. That is why I am introducing Alzheimer’s Ac-tion Now, a set of bills that together will help Alzheimer’s patients and their families; promote public aware-ness; and encourage voluntary con-tributions to research efforts. The var-ious bills in the Alzheimer’s Action Now address different challenges pre-sented by Alzheimer’s disease. 
The Alzheimer’s Caregiver Support 
Act authorizes grants to public and nonprofit organizations to expand training and support services for fami-lies and caregivers of Alzheimer’s pa-tients. With the majority of Alz-heimer’s patients living at home, under the care of family and friends, it is im-portant that we ensure these care-givers have access to the training and resources they need to provide effec-tive, compassionate care. 
The Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Pa-
tient Alert Program Reauthorization Act reauthorizes a Department of Jus-tice program. It helps local commu-nities and law enforcement officials quickly identify persons with Alz-heimer’s disease who wander away from their homes and reunite them with their families. This program saves law enforcement officials valuable time and allows them to focus on other secu-rity concerns. It also reduces injuries and deaths among Alzheimer’s pa-tients, and it brings peace of mind to their families. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.081 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4425 June 16, 2015 
Finally, the Alzheimer’s Disease 
Semipostal Stamp Act requires the U.S. Postal Service to issue and sell a semipostal stamp, with the proceeds helping to fund Alzheimer’s research at NIH. This bill will raise public aware-ness and encourage concerned individ-uals to get involved and to make vol-untary contributions to Alzheimer’s re-search efforts. The bill is modeled on the popular and successful Breast Can-cer Research semipostal stamp. 
Our Nation is at a crucial and crit-
ical crossroads. The situation requires decisive action to search for a cure and protect the millions of Americans cur-rently living with Alzheimer’s disease. Together, we must take every possible action to improve treatments for Alz-heimer’s patients, support caregivers, raise public awareness, and invest in research to find a cure for this dreadful disease. 
Once again, I can’t say enough to 
thank J
OHN GARAMENDI , my colleague 
from California, with whom I have worked for many, many years, for, again, organizing yet another night’s Special Order to bring attention to Alz-heimer’s disease. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. I thank the gen-
tlewoman from California who has been a leader in this disease and dealing with the problems of it for many, many years. And your work Ms. W
ATERS is 
paying off. The work that you have done organizing us, Members of Con-gress, to petition the subcommittee paid off—a 50 percent increase, a 50 per-cent increase, and I think it has got a good chance of staying in. This is real-ly really good news and the rest of the legislation piece by piece we are going to get at this. 
I would like now to turn the time 
over to our colleague from New York B
RIAN HIGGINS . We have spoken on this 
issue before. Mr. H IGGINS , thank you so 
very much. If you will share your thoughts with us on this disease and what we might do to deal with it. 
Mr. HIGGINS. I thank the gentleman 
from California and thank you for your leadership on this and so many issues that are of critical importance to our Nation and our future. 
June is Alzheimer’s Brain and Aware-
ness month. It is the sixth-leading cause of death in this country. Over 5.3 million Americans are afflicted with Alzheimer’s. By 2050, this number is ex-pected to increase to 16 million. In my western New York community alone, 55,000 people have Alzheimer’s or re-lated dementia, and 165,000 people in our community are impacted directly or indirectly. Alzheimer’s will cost the Nation $226 billion this year. By the year 2050, these costs will rise to as high as $1.1 trillion. Last year, Con-gress passed a law, the Alzheimer’s Ac-countability Act, which created a by-pass budget for Alzheimer’s research. This will allow the National Institutes of Health to prepare a budget that will reach the estimated goal of funding ef-fective prevention and treatment for Alzheimer’s by 2025. This year, I introduced with my col-
leagues R
OSADELAURO and P ETER KING 
the Accelerating Biomedical Research Act. Over the next 6 years, our legisla-tion would provide an additional $50 billion in funding to the National Insti-tutes of Health above what is currently budgeted. We also established the House NIH Caucus to rally Members to develop a plan to increase the pur-chasing power of NIH. 
b1830 
Mr. Speaker, Congress should also 
pass the HOPE for Alzheimer’s Act, the Advancing Research for Neurological Diseases Act. 
Mr. G
ARAMENDI , again, thank you for 
your leadership. We obviously, as a Congress, have a long way to go. The origins of Alzheimer’s disease are un-known, but its ends are absolutely cer-tain, and it ends in losing your cog-nitive ability, your dignity, and then it takes your life. It is time that Con-gress, in a bipartisan effort, provide ro-bust funding to Alzheimer’s research to end this terrible, terrible disease for future generations. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. H
IGGINS , 
thank you so very much. Your points are absolutely on target. 
This little chart here points out 
much of what you and Ms. W
ATERS  
were talking about, and that is the ex-traordinary expense. This is 2015. And we expect to spend $153 billion of Fed-eral tax money, Medicare and Med-icaid, on treating Alzheimer’s. Way over, that little tiny purple spot, is the $566 million of research. It would be a little bigger if we were able to get that 300, but it is still going to pale in com-parison to this. This is 261 times more money spent on treatment, which ulti-mately just enables the passage of time and leads to death because there is no effective treatment today. That is what we are spending on caring for peo-ple. 
That number down there, and the ef-
forts and the bills that have been intro-duced and the Alzheimer’s Foundation and others that are working on this have an opportunity to change this en-tire dynamic around because we can find the solution to this. 
I would like now to turn to my col-
league, as part of what we often do here, we call it the ‘‘East-West Show,’’ my colleague from the great State of New York, P
AULTONKO . 
Mr. TONKO. Thank you, Representa-
tive G ARAMENDI , for bringing us to-
gether in this very Special Order as we discuss the impact of Alzheimer’s upon the quality of life not only of the indi-vidual living with the disease, but on family members and loved ones that surround that individual. So much of the work that we do in this House, so much of the work done on the Hill here in Washington, needs to be guided by the moral compass. 
Our budget priorities should reflect 
who we are as a people and the compas-sion that is required as we see these numbers continually grow—balloon—in terms of an impact on the budget. And 
that should challenge us to do all that we can to be not only compassionate, but to be effective when it comes to the fiscal impact of what is happening to far too many families across this coun-try. 
It is a known fact now that Alz-
heimer’s is the most expensive disease in America. That should strike home. That should call upon our hearts and our minds to respond with dignity and with effectiveness to the given issue at hand. Our efforts for Alzheimer’s need to be enhanced. There is no mistaking it. This is the most expensive disease in America. It is impacting the budget here in Washington. Our national num-bers are a challenge, and we need to ad-dress the budget not only in sound strategy for the present moment, but with preventative elements brought to bear. 
So when we look at the most recent 
data—and those data are very telling— for 2014, the calendar year of 2014, the numbers are there, and it will remind us that $214 billion was the need, the drawdown, for speaking to Alzheimer’s, responding to the Alzheimer’s situa-tion. That is a large number that is only projected to grow exponentially. As more and more baby boomers as-cend the age ladder, climb that ladder, we should only anticipate that doing what we are doing is not going to be enough, that research needs to take hold here. 
We have the intellectual capacity as 
a nation. We have resources at our fin-gertips, and the priority here for pro-viding the preventative elements of re-search are important. The President has offered an initiative with the study of the mind, the brain, that can provide several opportunities. It can release the information, the documentation, that is required to move forward to find a cure for this ever-growing dis-ease. 
Look at the stats. Representative 
G
ARAMENDI , when we look at the re-
search moneys, for every $100 invested in those individuals and families that are impacted by Alzheimer’s, 25 cents is spent on research—for every $100, 25 cents. That is a very minute amount of investment, investment that has an an-ticipated lucrative return, paying divi-dends for all of us to address a cure, a hope for individuals. This country re-quires our government to respond in full fashion so that public-private part-nerships in research institutes like the NIH, the National Institutes of Health, are funded appropriately. Accordingly, with the data that have been assem-bled, knowing what needs to be done, we should go forward with those ef-forts. 
Now, I am reminded, Representative 
G
ARAMENDI , routinely by families—and 
many women will draw that perspec-tive for me, that of those who are liv-ing with Alzheimer’s in this country, two-thirds—two-thirds—of the individ-uals living with Alzheimer’s, or 3.2 mil-lion people, are women. This disease is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.083 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4426 June 16, 2015 
impacting women in a disproportionate 
measure. 
It is extracting from us all sorts of 
voluntary efforts that are required. Volunteers are responding as unpaid caregivers. We know the stats. The data are compelling: 15.5 million volun-teers, caregivers, providing unpaid services, unpaid care, equaling 17.7 bil-lion hours. These are staggering num-bers, 15.5 million providing 17.7 billion. That amasses to $220.2 billion in terms of services provided, unpaid services provided. 
So it is not only costing the Federal 
Government money, projected to bal-loon heavily, but it is also extracting $220 billion worth of unpaid services that are provided to individuals by loved ones, by those concerned in their community, for the struggles that these individuals and their family members are facing. So this behooves us to do much better than we are doing. 
We are a compassionate society. We 
are unique. We have opportunities ga-lore. I know what can happen. I have talked to our team in my district. Beth and the team from Alzheimer’s Asso-ciation of Northeast New York, they have done a tremendous job. I see what they do for respite care and what they are doing for services with the Alz-heimer’s Cafe, where people gather and cluster. They are given music therapy. There is an enhanced quality of life. It is with dignity that we respond. But more needs to be done, and there has to be that element that is provided out there that is speaking to prevention, that is speaking to a cure. 
So, Representative G
ARAMENDI , there 
is much to be done. 
I was lead Democrat on the Alz-
heimer’s Accountability Act, which re-sponded to the planning requirements that were earlier set up statutorily in this country. That act, the Alzheimer’s Accountability Act, that passed suc-cessfully in both Houses and was signed into law by the President, requires that a professional judgment budget be put together. As was stated earlier on the floor, until 2025, there needs to be this commitment made for research for Alzheimer’s and related diseases. 
But we furthered the quality of that 
legislation, of that statute, by requir-ing professionals to project the num-bers that are needed. That is a very im-portant element. Clinicians and profes-sionals in the medical community will tell us, they will advise what that number ought to be. That is speaking with integrity, with the veracity that is required, with the dignity, and with the compassion that is so much re-quired for the Alzheimer’s community. 
So again, I thank you, Representa-
tive G
ARAMENDI , for having that heart, 
for leading us in this Special Order so as to comprehend what we need to do here, to move that moral compass, to be there for those individuals, to be there for those unpaid caregivers, and to be there for the research commu-nity, but most importantly, to be there for the soul that is struggling with Alz-
heimer’s or dementia-related diseases. We are at our best when we connect emotionally so that we can put to-gether the programmatic response and the intellectual response that enable us to provide that light at the end of the tunnel which is so important and so meaningful to the families that endure. 
I thank you, Representative 
G
ARAMENDI . 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. T ONKO , for 
more than 4 years now, you and I have stood on the floor on Special Order hour to talk about Make It In America, about the manufacturing system and about the jobs that we need to build, transportation infrastructure, and your passion for those subjects was so obvious. Your passion and your deter-mination to deal with Alzheimer’s and to find a cure, to find an understanding of what it is and how it affects the brain, and then also to reach out to the families that are caring for their loved ones really exceeds and mirrors the passion that you have for the working men and women of this Nation. I thank you. 
Mr. Speaker, I also want to thank 
the Alzheimer’s Association. They or-ganized a lobbying group through here very recently. They were wearing their purple ribbons, and they brought to us the stories, the individual stories that were of their families. I know that as I talked to my colleagues here on the floor and over in the Senate, I get the same thing from them: Yes, my moth-er, my aunt, my sister, my brother, they too have suffered from Alz-heimer’s, and they recently died, or they are in very serious condition. 
So we find this illness touching every 
family. I have yet to find a family that I have talked to about Alzheimer’s that didn’t nod their head in understanding: Yes, we know what it is. 
What Americans don’t know is the 
information that you and my col-leagues, M
AXINE WATERS and B RIAN 
HIGGINS , brought to the floor today, 
and that is the facts, not only the im-pact that Alzheimer’s has on the Fed-eral budget—Medicare and Medicaid— the impact that it has on family budg-ets, on insurance, private insurance, but the impact that it has on families. You have made that clear. 
I think that the work that has been 
done by Alzheimer’s Association and related organizations—Medicare, So-cial Security, and support groups all across this Nation—is having an im-pact. When a budget for any specific program is increased by 50 percent in this era of sequestration, something has had an impact. Mr. C
OLE, as chair-
man of that, and Ms. W ATERS , as the 
chairperson or the vice chair, co-chair of the Working Group on Alzheimer’s, are having an impact. 
We can find a solution here. We can 
understand. We can do the early diag-nosis. It is pretty clear there are some breakthroughs that are occurring. 
b1845 
There are certain drugs out there 
that seem to work if you can intervene early in the process. What a change 
that would be. What a change that would be for all families. 
This is not just an issue of Alz-
heimer’s, this is an issue of the brain. We have got the U.S. military, the De-partment of Defense, doing significant research on brain injuries, brain trau-ma, and illnesses resulting from the wars—from traumatic brain syndrome and related. 
So if we pool together and we actu-
ally put into the Defense Authorization Act a paragraph that said: Research done by the Department of Defense on the brain, brain injuries, a way in which the brain works or doesn’t work, they need to take that research and couple it with research that is taking place on dementia, on other kinds of neurological diseases, including Alz-heimer’s, and if we can pool all of these various research programs together and get them to share the information to fertilize each other’s research, I think we are going to succeed. 
That 2025 goal I think is too far out 
there. I see we are on the cusp of a breakthrough. And if we can push all of the research and focus it and, like a dart, hit the center of the target, I think we are going to be successful. 
Mr. T
ONKO , would you like to join in 
here? 
Mr. TONKO. Absolutely. Representative G
ARAMENDI , it only 
takes one visit, but there have been many visits that I have made to the centers, the day care center operations that are conducted for individuals and families who are living with Alz-heimer’s, and to witness and hear the hurt, the confusion, the pain that sur-rounds the individual. It is enough challenge to try and get this done in as quick a fashion as possible. 
But if that doesn’t move us, the eco-
nomics on this. You know, we earlier talked about the $214 billion impact in 1 year—some of our most recent data. Well, that is 1 in every 5 Medicare dol-lars. How much are we willing to have that take over the Medicare expendi-tures before we come to our senses to say, let’s do more in research, let’s do a preventive response? Does it need to grow that much more? Does the drain on Medicare, does the reflection of Alz-heimer’s-related Medicare expenditures need to be that much greater to bring us to a response? The challenges are there, the data are there. We need to move accordingly. 
Now, earlier, I had expressed that 
two-thirds of the people living with Alzheimer’s, the 3.2 million people, happen to be women. Well, 60 percent of the unpaid caregivers happen to be women. So there needs to be a response here to enable people to be addressed with a sense of compassion, with dig-nity brought into the equation. It is absolutely essential. 
And when we talk about those care-
givers and the $220.2 billion that is the calculation for the volunteerism they offer as caregivers, of that community of caregivers, they have been worn 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.084 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4427 June 16, 2015 
down physically. So the price tag for 
them is an additional $9.3 billion in terms of response to their physical health care needs. This is a drain on families, on loved ones. It is an undig-nified outcome for far too many Alz-heimer’s patients who require our sup-port, who have earned the respect of this body and Congress moving to pro-vide for research opportunities. 
Now, one other effort that I am mak-
ing now in the aftermath of the Alz-heimer’s Accountability Act, that vic-tory being behind us now, I have now served as the lead Democrat on the HOPE for Alzheimer’s Act, which would authorize Medicare investment in sound planning upon diagnosis of Alzheimer’s so that individuals and their families who are so diagnosed can sit down and plan accordingly for their care, for their treatment, for their needs. 
That is an important bit of quality 
that can be introduced for the indi-vidual and her or his family so that their life, already severely impacted by this outcome, can be as manageable as possible. And we are hopeful with some 183 cosponsors of a bipartisan nature who have come forward to say, Sign me up for the HOPE for Alzheimer’s Act. 
So isn’t that what we are supposed to 
be? Aren’t we those agents of hope? Do we walk away from this dilemma? Do we walk away from this need? Do we walk away from the struggle, the pain, the hurt, the confusion that people live with every waking hour of every day? Or do we respond in that all-American fashion and say, yeah, we have the in-tellectual capacity as a Nation; yes, we have the resources. 
It is an order of prioritization. And 
that priority here needs to be a re-sponse, a full-fledged response, a com-passionate response, a loving response coming from us as individuals and col-lectively as Congress to say, yes, we support these efforts that are required, that are possible. Do not deny the pos-sibilities. Let us go forward and be those sound decisionmakers who under-stand that this issue, when addressed accordingly, with human compassion offered, with the humanization of this process, we are then offering a cost-ef-fective outcome. A study of the brain initiative that the President has ad-vanced should be supported. 
These resources that are required for 
planning, for research, for services, for respite need to be funded accordingly. It is within our grasp, and it makes sense to do so. 
So, Representative G
ARAMENDI , I 
thank you for leading us in this Special Order, which is absolutely key to pub-lic information exchange. 
For those who may be viewing, I 
would suggest that you contact those of us who serve you in Washington and let us know that you want this to be a priority. Tell us you believe in the re-search capacity of this country. Tell us you want to humanize that response, more deeply respond to the individuals and families that are so impacted. When we hit so many people, when 
we see the millions who are living with this disease, we can’t escape that im-pact falling upon us. Neighbors, family members, friends who we know are liv-ing with this disease require our atten-tion, require our responsiveness. 
So I thank you for leading us in what 
is a very valuable discussion. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. T
ONKO , thank 
you for your leadership. Thank you for rounding up 180-plus Members of this House. On any issue that is tough, but then having them sign on to a piece of legislation that would advance the care that individuals receive and the sup-port that families need. 
The cure for Alzheimer’s, all of those 
pieces of legislation, which Ms. W
ATERS  
talked about, those are all pieces of the puzzle. And they deal with—I am going to end with just two charts, so it is really where I started. This is a dif-ferent version of one of the charts that deals with the costs that we are talk-ing about. These are the total cost in the system. If you take a look at it, 2015, you are talking about a quarter of a billion dollars, just under $226 billion, of which the great majority is Medi-care and Medicaid, and then out-of- pocket and other payers, or the other insurance companies. It will rise each year until we get to 2050, which is not that far away. Thirty-five years out we will be well over $1 trillion, of which we will bust the bank, the Medicare. 
There is a lot of discussion around 
here about the deficit. The real factors in the deficit are this health care issue. That is where we are going to find the budget deficit. 
But we have already seen through 
the Affordable Care Act that the pro-jected increases for Medicare have sub-stantially reduced over the last 4 years as the Affordable Care Act is providing early diagnosis of heart disease, diabe-tes, other kinds of long-term illnesses that are really where most of the ex-pense in Medicare and Medicaid occur. And if we can get a grip on Alz-heimer’s, if we can find a way of delay-ing the onset of it, we are going to save tens and, indeed, hundreds of billions of dollars over the passage of time. 
And the next step is the cure. So they 
think, the researchers, think they can find a way of delaying the onset. As they do that, they will also find a way of dealing with the disease itself. Then this awesome and horrific expense will be reduced. 
There is one other chart. 
Mr. TONKO. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. GARAMENDI. I yield to the gen-
tleman from New York. 
Mr. TONKO. That chart is very pow-
erful. The trillions—with a T—will really balloon our budget, and really it is undoable. It gets to a level where it will exhaust, it will overwhelm other areas of investment that are required. 
But translate that from dollars into 
human suffering, pain, confusion, re-duced quality of life. That is a calculus that needs to be made. If it is going to save us money and at the same time re-
spond with that moral compass, why are we not doing that, why are we not responding? 
So, to me, that is where we are at. 
When you see the unleashing of tech-nology, of research, of the potential for progress to be made, it is there. It is documented from so many perspectives in work that is done by the National Institutes of Health and others. For many, they will say, well, leave it to the private sector. No, there is a track record up there for this country to have stepped up to the plate and made a difference, for vaccines and other sought-for outcomes that affected peo-ple in a positive way. They gave them hope. 
Our government has a track record of 
having stepped up and invested in re-search where perhaps the private sec-tor wouldn’t go or where we have shaved some of the risk off of that de-mand for research in a public-private partnership. So it is there within our potential. We should not deny our loved ones, our constituents, our coun-try the opportunity to advance the cause of research and to respond again with a sense of hope for those who are living with this within this darkness. We can and we must do better. 
I am happy to work with individuals 
like Representative G
ARAMENDI to push 
to make a difference and to be there in a responsive manner, and I thank you. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. T
ONKO , you 
continually come back to the compas-sion and caregiving that I think each human being has somewhere in them. For us here in Congress, it is to express that in a meaningful way. That mean-ingful way is to make sure there is sup-port for those families and individuals who have Alzheimer’s, those who are caring for them, to make sure that the medical treatment, such as it is for this illness, is available, and to pursue vigorously the research that could and, I believe, will lead to a complete under-standing of the illness. That is our task. 
Mr. T
ONKO . 
Mr. TONKO. And as we are con-
cluding here, I was just bringing to mind one of the Alzheimer’s town halls that we are required to conduct, and it told me a few things: that this disease is percolating lower and lower into the age demographics. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Yes, it is. 
b1900 
Mr. TONKO. So it may be—I am just 
guessing here—that it is more than just genetics. It may be environmental in its impact or cause. Whatever it is, let’s go for that cause. 
At one of these townhalls, a contem-
porary of mine whom I have known for a long time, as I have known her hus-band for a long time, said: ‘‘My hus-band knows my voice, but he doesn’t know my name.’’ 
How do we not say ‘‘yes’’ to research? 
How do we not say we want to do all that we can to make a difference? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.086 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4428 June 16, 2015 
When we do so, we are going to save 
our budget. We are going to save our budget a great number of consequences by being that powerful force that will do things academically, soundly, wise-ly, effectively, efficiently. 
That is what this business is about, a 
thoughtful response, a heartfelt re-sponse that, by the way, is the budgetwise thing to do. 
Let us respond as a government, as a 
nation. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. T
ONKO , thank 
you so very much. 
Mr. Speaker, I think we will end 
there and simply say that this is not the last time that we will be speaking on this issue on the floor. 
I would hope the next time that we 
speak on this issue that the House of Representatives will have increased the research budget by 50 percent, from $566 million to close to $900 million. That is a big leap. It is not sufficient. It is not what is necessary to really get at this disease, but this is one we can tackle. This is one we have to tackle for the strength of the American Gov-ernment budget. It is one we have to tackle. 
This is where you have been with this 
entire discussion, Mr. T
ONKO . This is 
about families. It is about individuals. It is about the suffering, the angst, and the fear that exists out there with this devastating disease. We can do this. We really can. 
My message to the American people 
is one that you put out a few moments ago, Mr. T
ONKO . That is, for anybody 
who is watching out there, for anybody who is interested in the Federal deficit, for anybody who is interested in the quality of life of their families as they age and even before they age, talk to us. 
Tell us that you want us to spend 
your tax money on solving this prob-lem, on the research that will lead to the solution for what is now an unsolvable mystery. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 160, PROTECT MEDICAL IN-NOVATION ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1190, PROTECTING SEN-IORS’ ACCESS TO MEDICARE ACT OF 2015 
Mr. BURGESS (during the Special 
Order of Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) from the 
Committee on Rules, submitted a priv-ileged report (Rept. No. 114–157) on the resolution (H. Res. 319) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 160) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices, and providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 1190) to repeal the provisions of the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act providing for the Independent Payment Advisory Board, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. OVERRULING THE HOUSE OF GOD 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
W
ESTERMAN ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, this 
week, there will be important decisions made here on the House of Representa-tives’ floor. 
We are told, this month, the Supreme 
Court may well play God and overrule what has been considered to be the house of God, as given by Moses, for the dramatic amount of history, in-cluding up through the President’s own statement that he believed marriage was just between a man and a woman. 
When he was running for office, ap-
parently, according to his campaign manager or whatever he is—whatever he was—he felt he wouldn’t get elected if he said what he really believed. 
Nonetheless, in 6
1⁄2years, we are told 
things have changed to the point we are now in a position to overrule what Moses said, which is that a man will leave his father and mother and a woman leave her home and the two will come together. That would be mar-riage—Moses, who is the only full-faced profile above us in the gallery, with the side profiles of all of the great law-givers, the greatest lawgivers as they were thought to be years ago. 
I will also note that, as I sat and lis-
tened to the Supreme Court’s enter-taining arguments on whether or not Texas could keep our monument dedi-cated to the Ten Commandments on our State campgrounds—and it was joined with a case from Kentucky on whether they could keep their Ten Commandments that were posted in-side the door—and as they were argu-ing about whether or not the Ten Com-mandments could be attributed in that manner, I looked up on the marble wall to my right in the Supreme Court’s chambers, and there was Moses, look-ing down with both tablets of the Ten Commandments, looking down—inter-esting, very interesting. It is the kind of mental gymnastics that have been played in the Supreme Court through-out its history. 
We know Dred Scott was a dreadful 
decision, and there have been others that were poor. Sometimes, in being human, they get them right, and some-times, they get them wrong; but there is one thing that is very, very, very clear, and it is in the United States Code. It is United States law. 
It is volume 28 of the United States 
Code, section 455, and section (a) is very clear: ‘‘Any justice, judge, or mag-istrate judge of the United States shall’’—no room for question—‘‘dis-qualify himself’’—that is generic, meaning mankind; it could be male or female—‘‘in any proceeding in which his impartiality might reasonably be questioned.’’ 
That is the law, and the only way 
that we can remain a nation that be-lieves in the rule of law is if the courts that decide whether a law can stand or must fall abide by the laws that apply 
to them. If the highest court in the United States blatantly violates the law and especially blatantly violates the law in deciding a case, then is it really law that they have made if they have violated the law to create it? 
In knowing that the law is very 
clear, a United States Supreme Court Justice ‘‘shall disqualify him or herself in any proceeding in which his impar-tiality might reasonably be ques-tioned.’’ Then we must look next to see if there are any indications of parti-ality on the part of any of the Supreme Court Justices. 
Here is an article that was published 
by foxnews.com back on September 1, 2013, and it reads the following: ‘‘Two months after the Supreme Court’s landmark ruling to expand Federal rec-ognition of same-sex marriages, strik-ing down part of an anti-gay marriage law, Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg offi-ciated at a same-sex wedding. 
‘‘The officiating is believed to be a 
first for a member of the Nation’s high-est court. 
‘‘Ginsburg officiated Saturday at the 
marriage of Kennedy Center President Michael Kaiser and John Roberts, a government economist.’’ 
I was just out at the Kennedy Center 
this weekend—it may be the only weekend; I am here in Washington all year—and was delighted to be there. Apparently, if Michael Kaiser is still the president, he is doing what appears to be an excellent job there. 
Further down in the article, it is 
quoting Justice Ginsburg, and it reads: 
‘‘‘I think it will be one more statement that people who love each other and want to live together should be able to enjoy the blessings and the strife in the marriage relationship,’ Ginsburg told The Washington Post in an interview. 
‘‘‘It won’t be long before there will 
be another’ performed by a Justice. She has another ceremony planned for September.’’ 
The last line—it is not the last of the 
article—but it reads: ‘‘Justices gen-erally avoid taking stands on political issues.’’ 
The rest of the article goes on: 
‘‘While hearing arguments in the case in March, Ginsburg argued for treating marriages equally. The rights associ-ated with marriage are pervasive, she said.’’ 
Anyway, it reads further down: ‘‘Be-
fore the Court heard arguments on the Defense of Marriage Act, Ginsburg told The New Yorker magazine in March that she had not performed a same-sex marriage and had not been asked. Jus-tices do officiate at other weddings, though. 
‘‘‘I don’t think anybody’s asking us, 
because of these cases,’ she told the magazine. ‘No one in the gay rights movement wants to risk having any member of the Court be criticized or asked to recuse. So I think that’s the reason no one has asked me.’ 
‘‘Asked whether she would perform 
such a wedding in the future, she said, ‘Why not?’’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.088 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4429 June 16, 2015 
Apparently, the Associated Press 
also contributed to that report. 
It doesn’t sound as if it could be any 
more clear that Justice Ginsburg has a very solid opinion that gay marriage, same-sex marriage, same-sex weddings are constitutional, despite its being something that is reserved to the States and to the people under the 10th Amendment for decisions. 
On September 22 of 2014, in The Hill, 
written by Peter Sullivan, an article reads: ‘‘Supreme Court Justice Elena Kagan officiated a same-sex wedding on Sunday, a court spokeswoman told the Associated Press. 
‘‘The ceremony in Maryland for a 
former law clerk is the first same-sex wedding that Kagan has performed. Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg and re-tired Justice Sandra Day O’Connor have both performed same-sex wed-dings in the past. 
‘‘Gay marriage has been a divisive 
topic at the Supreme Court as it has been elsewhere in the country.’’ 
Further down, the article reads: ‘‘The 
Court could decide as early as this month whether to take up the issue again in the coming session, this time to consider a more sweeping ruling de-claring a right to same-sex marriage across the country. 
‘‘Ginsburg said last week that, unless 
an appeals court allows a gay marriage ban to stand, ‘there is no need for us to rush’ on a Supreme Court ruling.’’ 
Clearly, Justice Kagan has made her 
feelings clear on same-sex marriage. There could not be a more clear, un-equivocal statement that any just judge or Justice could ever make on the issue of same-sex marriage than to actually perform, officiate, in a same- sex wedding. 
Here is a Newsmax article from May 
18, 2015, by Greg Richter: ‘‘Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg sparked speculation on Sunday when she mentioned the Constitution while officiating a same-sex wedding.’’ 
Further down is a quote from 
Maureen Dowd, a columnist for The New York Times: ‘‘With a sly look and special emphasis on the word ‘Con-stitution,’ Justice Ginsburg said that she was pronouncing the two men mar-ried by the powers vested in her by the Constitution of the United States, Dowd wrote.’’ 
b1915 
Then it also says in the article, 
‘‘Nevertheless, guests applauded loud-ly, Dowd said, and Ginsburg ‘seemed delighted.’’’ 
For Justice Ginsburg to state pub-
licly that the Constitution of the United States gives her the power to officiate and unite a same-sex couple in marriage is an unequivocal, clear statement as to what she believes the Supreme Court should do in their deci-sion. If there was ever any doubt—and there wasn’t. Once she performed a same-sex wedding, there was no ques-tion about her feelings on the matter. 
An article from National Review by 
Edward Whelan, February 19 of this year, the article, just a small part of it 
here: ‘‘At her Supreme Court confirma-tion hearing in 1993, Ruth Bader Gins-burg repeatedly explained that the ju-dicial obligation of impartiality re-quired that she give ‘no hints, no fore-casts, no previews’ about how she might ‘vote on questions the Supreme Court may be called upon to decide.’’’ 
As she declared in her opening state-
ment: ‘‘A judge sworn to decide impar-tially can offer no forecasts, no hints, for that would show not only disregard for the specifics of the particular case, it would display disdain for the entire judicial process.’’ That was Ruth Bader Ginsburg in 1993. Apparently, she sees things a great deal differently now. 
Further down in the article, Edward 
Whelan writes: ‘‘Human nature being what it is, it’s not easy for a Justice to recuse in a closely divided case that she obviously cares passionately about. This is exactly the situation Justice Scalia faced a dozen years ago in the wake of his public comments criti-cizing a Ninth Circuit ruling against the Pledge of Allegiance. As Slate’s Dahlia Lithwick wrote at the time, Scalia was ‘intellectually honest enough to know that he slipped,’ and he thus, ‘recused himself from what would have been one of the most im-portant church-state cases of his ca-reer.’ His recusal meant that ‘the Court may well split 4–4 on the case, in which case the Ninth Circuit’s decision will stand for all the States in its juris-diction.’’’ 
We also have a quote from Justice 
Sonia Sotomayor: ‘‘I suspect even with us giving gay rights to marry, that there’s some gay people who will choose not to, just as there’s some het-erosexual couples who choose not to marry. So we are not taking anybody’s liberty away.’’ 
Justice Sotomayor has obviously 
stated her position very clearly on the issue of same-sex marriage. 
This is an article from May 27, 2009, 
Lisa Keen from the Keen News Service. She says in an article: ‘‘Long-time gay legal activist Paula Ettelbrick said she met Sotomayor in about 1991 when they both served on then-New York Governor Mario Cuomo’s Advisory Committee on Fighting Bias. ‘Nobody wanted to talk to . . .’’’ and uses a slur for a homosexual ‘‘‘person at that time,’ said Ettelbrick, who represented Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund. ‘She was the only one on the ad-visory committee who made a point to come over and introduce herself. She was totally interested in gay civil rights issues and supportive.’’’ 
Evan Wolfson, head of the national 
Freedom to Marry organization said: ‘‘From everything I know, Judge Sotomayor is an outstanding choice, fair and aware, open, and judicious. I believe she has demonstrated the com-mitment to principles of equal protec-tion and inclusion that defines a good nominee to the Supreme Court.’’ Wolfson said the President ‘‘has made a strong and appealing nomination that should and will receive the support of 
those committed to equality for les-bians and gay men.’’ The National LGBT Bar Association issued a state-ment saying it was pleased with the choice, noting that it represents ‘‘more diversity on the bench.’’ 
In view, actually, of her quote, it 
seems that she has clearly stated her position with regard to same-sex mar-riage. Anyway, the article further down said Kevin Cathcart, executive director of Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund, said the organization was pleased that the nominee is a woman of color. ‘‘While women, people of color, and self-identified gay people continue to be woefully underrep-resented in the Federal judiciary, Judge Sotomayor’s nomination rep-resents a step in the right direction,’’ Cathcart said. 
So, anyway, if those quotes are accu-
rate, then certainly they would be sup-porting evidence of her quote that ‘‘I suspect even with us giving gay rights to marry . . .’’ she is already stating in this quote that she, not the Creator, not God, not almighty God, not the Constitution—‘‘us giving,’’ obviously the Supreme Court. 
So, as Jefferson pointed out, you 
know, he trembles for the country when he realizes that God is just and his justice will not sleep forever. It is not the Supreme Court that gives rights. We get our rights, according to the Declaration of Independence, from our Creator, and they are embodied or supposed to have been embodied in the Constitution. And yes, it took a Civil War to ensure that the Constitution meant what it said, and it took an or-dained Christian minister named King to push peacefully until such time as the Constitution was more thoroughly forced to mean what it said. 
We are talking about marriage here. 
For anyone who is a Christian, that means they believe in Jesus Christ, they believe His teachings, they be-lieve He is Savior, and they would have to believe when He quoted Moses, who said he was giving the law from God, and Jesus said: A man shall leave his father and mother, and a woman leave her home, and the two will become one flesh, and what God joined together, let no one put asunder. He put His stamp: this is marriage. It approved what Moses said was marriage, and in this Nation, throughout the Nation, until some said we have become smarter than we have ever been, once again defying Solomon’s statement: There is nothing new under the Sun. This is not new. We are not more enlightened than other civilizations have been. 
But if the Supreme Court in a major-
ity decision destroys the constitutions of numerous States across this Nation, and the majority opinion has Justices who are violating Federal statute re-garding what a judge shall do, then it would appear that their law would be no more valid than if someone here cast the deciding vote on legislation that becomes law, and it is determined 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.089 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4430 June 16, 2015 
that the deciding vote was cast by 
someone who was not legally a Member of Congress. There would be reason to say that is not a valid law. It did not pass the House of Representatives. And especially, if it turned out that, say, 20, 30, 40 percent of those casting the ma-jority votes on a bill were disqualified at the time of the vote from casting a vote, that would not be a legitimate law. 
I hope, and since I believe in prayer, 
I pray that those Justices who have made clear by their statements and their actions that they are disqualified, will do the lawful thing and recuse themselves. If they do not do that, they will be casting a ballot, casting a vote, and if that vote is the majority decision, and if that decision overturns massive law on marriage across the country, and by its statement says: We know more than Moses, we know more than Jesus, we are the U.S. Supreme Court, it certainly sounds like they will have produced an unlawful deci-sion of the Supreme Court. I hope they will not put this Nation to such a con-stitutional crisis by violating the law to push through their legislative agen-da, but we will see. Will they start a constitutional crisis by violating the law to push their legislative agenda through the Court? We will see. I hope and pray that they will follow the law and disqualify themselves. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. F ATTAH (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today after 5 p.m. 
f 
SENATE BILL REFERRED 
A bill of the Senate of the following 
title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 565. An act to reduce the operations and 
maintenance costs associated with the Fed-eral fleet by encouraging the use of remanu-factured parts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 7 o’clock and 28 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, June 17, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1842. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting Fiscal Years 
2011-2012 Report to Congress on the Family Violence Prevention and Services Program, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 10404; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
1843. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Employee Benefits Security Administration, Department of Labor, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Summary of Benefits and Coverage and Uniform Glossary (RIN: 1210-AB69) received June 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
1844. A letter from the Deputy Director, 
ODRM, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Summary of Benefits and Cov-erage and Uniform Glossary [CMS-9938-F] (RIN: 0938-AS54) received June 15, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
1845. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Penn-sylvania; Update of the Motor Vehicle Emis-sions Budgets and General Conformity Budg-ets for the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre 1997 8- Hour Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standard Maintenance Area [EPA-R03-OAR- 2014-0652; FRL-9929-07-Region 3] received June 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1846. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Di-n-butyl carbonate; Ex-emption from the Requirement of a Toler-ance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0176; FRL-9928-63- OCSPP] received June 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
1847. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Revision to the New York State Implementation Plan for Carbon Monoxide [EPA-R02-OAR-2013-0192; FRL-9929-11-Region 2] received June 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
1848. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Implementation Plans; South Carolina; Charlotte-Rock Hill; Base Year Emissions Inventory and Emissions State-ments Requirements for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone Standard [EPA-R04-OAR-2014-0915; FRL-9928-88-Region 4] received June 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
1849. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Sethoxydim; Pesticide Tol-erances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0161; FRL-9928-20] received June 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1850. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction that was declared in Executive Order 12938 of November 14, 1994, and continued by the President each year, most recently on No-vember 7, 2014, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1703(c) and 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
1851. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the annual report pursuant to Sec. 2(9) of the Senate’s Resolution of Advice 
and Consent to the Treaty with the United Kingdom Concerning Defense Trade Coopera-tion (Treaty Doc. 110-07); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 2580. A bill to provide for a technical change to the Medicare long- term care hospital moratorium exception, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–156). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BURGESS: Committee on Rules. House 
Resolution 319. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 160) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1190) to re-peal the provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act providing for the Independent Payment Advisory Board (Rept. 114–157). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 2506. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to delay the authority to terminate Medicare Advantage contracts for MA plans failing to achieve minimum quality ratings with an amendment (Rept. 114–158, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 2507. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to es-tablish an annual rulemaking schedule for payment rates under Medicare Advantage; with an amendment (Rept. 114–159, Pt. 1). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 2579. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to im-prove the risk adjustment under the Medi-care Advantage program, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 114–160, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 2581. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to es-tablish a 3-year demonstration program to test the use of value-based insurance design methodologies under eligible Medicare Ad-vantage plans, to preserve Medicare bene-ficiary choice under Medicare Advantage, to revise the treatment under the Medicare pro-gram of infusion drugs furnished through du-rable medical equipment, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 114–161, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 2506 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 2507 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JN7.090 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4431 June 16, 2015 
discharged from further consideration. 
H.R. 2579 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 2581 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. REICHERT (for himself and Mr. 
KIND): 
H.R. 2788. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for S corpora-tion reform, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. MARCHANT (for himself, Mrs. 
B
LACK , and Mr. S MITH of Texas): 
H.R. 2789. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to modify S corporation shareholder and preferred stock rules with respect to banks; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: 
H.R. 2790. A bill to provide for pay parity 
for civilian employees serving at joint mili-tary installations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
By Mr. D
EFAZIO (for himself and Mr. 
WALDEN ): 
H.R. 2791. A bill to require that certain 
Federal lands be held in trust by the United States for the benefit of certain Indian tribes in Oregon, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. GROTHMAN: 
H.R. 2792. A bill to require that any revi-
sion to, or establishment of, a national pri-mary or secondary ambient air quality standard be made by statute, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia: 
H.R. 2793. A bill to amend the Sex Offender 
Registration and Notification Act to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to take appropriate actions to ensure that an alien who is unlawfully present in the United States, is in removal proceedings or has been ordered removed, and is required to register under the Act, is so registered, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Mr. 
V
ARGAS , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. J OHNSON  
of Georgia, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Ms. L EE, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. 
TAKAI, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. J UDYCHUof Cali-
fornia, Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. 
TAKANO ): 
H.R. 2794. A bill to strengthen and unite 
communities through English literacy and civics education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself, Mr. 
P
AYNE , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. K ELLY of Illi-
nois, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. 
DELAURO , Mr. L ARSON of Con-
necticut, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. C ASTRO  of Texas, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, 
Ms. B ASS, Ms. L EE, Mr. H INOJOSA , and 
Mr. P ALLONE ): 
H.R. 2795. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to submit a study on the circumstances which may impact the effec-tiveness and availability of first responders before, during, or after a terrorist threat or event; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity. 
By Mr. RICHMOND: 
H.R. 2796. A bill to amend the Workforce 
Innovation and Opportunity Act to provide grants to States for summer employment programs for youth; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. RICHMOND: 
H.R. 2797. A bill to amend the Juvenile Jus-
tice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 to establish the Office of School Discipline Policy, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judici-ary, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. AMASH: 
H.J. Res. 57. A joint resolution directing 
the President to remove United States Armed Forces deployed to Iraq or Syria on or after August 7, 2014, other than Armed Forces required to protect United States dip-lomatic facilities and personnel, from Iraq and Syria; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
By Mr. PASCRELL (for himself, Mr. 
P
ALLONE , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. S IRES, 
Mr. L ANCE , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. 
PAYNE , and Mr. Y ARMUTH ): 
H. Res. 317. A resolution congratulating 
American Pharoah and owner Ahmed Zayat of Teaneck, New Jersey, for winning horse racing’s Triple Crown; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for him-
self, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. 
BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. L AMBORN , and Mr. H IGGINS ): 
H. Res. 318. A resolution condemning reso-
lutions or policies calling for or instituting a boycott of Israeli academic institutions or scholars by institutions of higher learning and scholarly associations; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Ms. HAHN (for herself, Mr. M
CGOV-
ERN, Ms. E STY, and Mr. J ONES ): 
H. Res. 320. A resolution expressing the 
sense of Congress that a grateful Nation hon-ors and salutes Sons and Daughters in Touch on its 25th anniversary that is being cele-brated on Father’s Day, 2015, at the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington, the Dis-trict of Columbia; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
f 
MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials 
were presented and referred as follows: 
55. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of 
the Legislature of the State of Louisiana, relative to Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 68, urging the Congress of the United States to restore trade relations between the United States and Cuba in order to open the market to Louisiana rice; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
56. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of Louisiana, relative to Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 66, urging the Congress of the United States to take action against illegal, unreported, and unregulated 
fishing in Louisiana’s sovereign waters by passing H.R. 774, the Illegal, Unreported, and Unregulated Fishing Enforcement Act of 2015; jointly to the Committees on Natural Resources and Transportation and Infra-structure. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. REICHERT: 
H.R. 2788. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Pursuant to Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 
I of the United States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Con-stitution. 
By Mr. MARCHANT: 
H.R. 2789. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Constitution Art. I Sec. 8 cl. 1, under 
the ‘‘Power To lay and collect Taxes’’; 
Amd. 16, under the ‘‘power to lay and col-
lect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several States, and without regard to any census or enumeration’’; and 
Art. I Sec. 8 cl. 18, under the power ‘‘To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: 
H.R. 2790. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. D
EFAZIO: 
H.R. 2791. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section 1 of Article I of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Mr. GROTHMAN: 
H.R. 2792. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8: To make all Laws 
which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia: 
H.R. 2793. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4, which states 
that Congress has the power ‘‘to establish a uniform Rule of Naturalization and uniform Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States.’’ 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, which states 
that Congress has the power to ‘‘make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereo f . . .’’ 
By Mr. HONDA: 
H.R. 2794. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN7.016 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4432 June 16, 2015 
Section 8 of article I of the Constitution 
By Ms. JACKSON LEE: 
H.R. 2795. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. RICHMOND: 
H.R. 2796. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is introduced pursuant to the 
powers granted to Congress under the Gen-eral Welfare Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 1), the Commerce Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 3), and the Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 18). 
Further, this statement of constitutional 
authority is made for the sole purpose of compliance with clause 7 of Rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives and shall have no bearing on judicial review of the accompanying bill. 
By Mr. RICHMOND: 
H.R. 2797. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is introduced pursuant to the 
powers granted to Congress under the Gen-eral Welfare Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 1), the Commerce Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 CI. 3), and the Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 18). 
Further, this statement of constitutional 
authority is made for the sole purpose of compliance with clause 7 of Rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives and shall have no bearing on judicial review of the accompanying bill. 
By Mr. AMASH: 
H.J. Res. 57. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the Con-
stitution (authorizing Congress to ‘‘make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces’’). Article I, Sec-tion 8, Clause 11 of the Constitution author-izes Congress to ‘‘declare War.’’ Congress did not declare war or authorize the use of mili-tary force for the current conflict in Iraq and Syria, and this resolution takes corrective action. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 6: Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. Z ELDIN , Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. B OST, Mrs. 
LAWRENCE , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. R OGERS  
of Alabama. 
H.R. 24: Mr. H URDof Texas. 
H.R. 136: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia and Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California. 
H.R. 197: Mr. O’R OURKE . 
H.R. 244: Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS . 
H.R. 511: Mr. S ALMON . 
H.R. 532: Mrs. D AVIS of California. 
H.R. 540: Ms. J UDY CHUof California and 
Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 592: Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 616: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 653: Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 662: Mr. R UPPERSBERGER . 
H.R. 699: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana and Mr. 
PERRY . 
H.R. 700: Mr. L ANGEVIN . 
H.R. 702: Mr. M ILLER of Florida and Mr. 
GIBBS. 
H.R. 727: Ms. G RAHAM . 
H.R. 753: Ms. N ORTON and Mr. C ONYERS . 
H.R. 766: Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H.R. 775: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. S IRES, Mr. 
STIVERS , and Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 828: Mr. K INGof New York. 
H.R. 845: Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. F ORTEN -
BERRY , and Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. 
H.R. 846: Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
and Mrs. D INGELL . 
H.R. 868: Mr. P OEof Texas and Mr. 
MULVANEY . 
H.R. 885: Mr. G ALLEGO . 
H.R. 915: Mrs. D INGELL . 
H.R. 916: Mr. P OSEY . 
H.R. 928: Mr. S ANFORD and Mr. H URD of 
Texas. 
H.R. 985: Mr. B ARR, Mr. R OGERS of Ala-
bama, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. 
YODER , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and 
Mr. F ITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 986: Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Mr. 
ROHRABACHER , Mr. M ICA, and Mr. G RAVES of 
Missouri. 
H.R. 1054: Mr. D ESANTIS . 
H.R. 1057: Mrs. N OEM. 
H.R. 1062: Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 1095: Ms. S PEIER . 
H.R. 1132: Mr. I SSA. 
H.R. 1141: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 1211: Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut. 
H.R. 1218: Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 1233: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia and Mr. 
BABIN. 
H.R. 1283: Mr. S HERMAN . 
H.R. 1288: Mr. Z ELDIN . 
H.R. 1300: Ms. S TEFANIK . 
H.R. 1301: Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. R OYCE , 
and Mr. Y ODER . 
H.R. 1309: Mr. C HAFFETZ and Mr. C ARTER of 
Texas. 
H.R. 1310: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 1331: Mr. K NIGHT . 
H.R. 1338: Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. 
DEFAZIO, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. G OSAR , and Mrs. 
DINGELL . 
H.R. 1387: Mr. M ICA. 
H.R. 1424: Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 1462: Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 1478: Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H.R. 1516: Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS . 
H.R. 1519: Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 1523: Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 1559: Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. A LGREEN of 
Texas, and Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1571: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, and Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 1591: Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 1607: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 1610: Mr. G IBBS. 
H.R. 1613: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania. 
H.R. 1624: Mr. J OYCE , Mr. H URD of Texas, 
Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. Q UIGLEY , 
Mr. L UETKEMEYER , and Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 1669: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 1686: Mr. R UPPERSBERGER and Mr. 
RANGEL . 
H.R. 1692: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 1726: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. R USH, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, and 
Mr. G UTHRIE . 
H.R. 1736: Mr. M ARINO . 
H.R. 1737: Mr. B ABIN, Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. 
WALBERG , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. 
LAMBORN , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. J OLLY , 
and Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. 
H.R. 1769: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
COHEN , Mr. R USH, and Miss R ICEof New 
York. 
H.R. 1785: Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H.R. 1804: Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 1854: Mr. A LLEN and Ms. J UDYCHUof 
California. 
H.R. 1945: Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
and Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 1948: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 1953: Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 1956: Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 1957: Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 1994: Mr. G OSAR and Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 2042: Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. C REN-
SHAW , Mr. L AMBORN , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. 
LOUDERMILK , and Ms. M CSALLY . H.R. 2046: Mr. R YANof Wisconsin. 
H.R. 2061: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 2102: Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . 
H.R. 2123: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 2141: Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 2142: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 2147: Mr. L EWIS, Ms. J UDYCHUof Cali-
fornia, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. H AS-
TINGS , and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 2150: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. 
H.R. 2156: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 2191: Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . 
H.R. 2215: Mr. G OODLATTE . 
H.R. 2217: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. K ENNEDY , 
and Mr. M EEKS . 
H.R. 2259: Mr. K INGof Iowa and Mr. W ITT-
MAN. 
H.R. 2272: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 2300: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 2302: Mr. B UTTERFIELD . 
H.R. 2315: Mr. P EARCE and Mrs. M IMIWAL-
TERS of California. 
H.R. 2342: Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 2371: Mrs. D INGELL . 
H.R. 2400: Mr. B RATand Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 2403: Mr. S COTT of Virginia. 
H.R. 2404: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri. 
H.R. 2405: Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. R ICHMOND , and 
Mr. N EAL. 
H.R. 2406: Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. 
LUETKEMEYER , and Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Geor-
gia. 
H.R. 2460: Ms. P INGREE , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. 
GIBSON . 
H.R. 2466: Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Mr. C RENSHAW , 
and Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN . 
H.R. 2493: Mr. T AKANO , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. 
ZELDIN , and Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 2508: Mr. M OOLENAAR . 
H.R. 2513: Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 2514: Mr. C LAWSON of Florida and Mr. 
PERRY . 
H.R. 2517: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 2520: Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H.R. 2521: Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 2530: Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , 
and Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 2531: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 2551: Mrs. N OEM. 
H.R. 2576: Mr. M OOLENAAR and Mr. 
DESJARLAIS . 
H.R. 2582: Mr. J OLLY , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of 
Georgia, and Mr. D IAZ-BALART . 
H.R. 2594: Mr. D ONOVAN . 
H.R. 2607: Mr. D ONOVAN and Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 2610: Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 2615: Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
THOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
and Mr. P IERLUISI . 
H.R. 2630: Mr. C LAWSON of Florida. 
H.R. 2646: Mr. L ANCE , Mr. R ANGEL , and Mr. 
WENSTRUP . 
H.R. 2647: Mr. T IPTON and Mr. M CCLINTOCK . 
H.R. 2650: Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 2658: Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. H ARPER , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. D ENT, Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , and Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 2663: Mr. P OCAN and Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 2689: Mr. T HOMPSON of California. 
H.R. 2694: Mr. N EAL, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. 
HONDA , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Ms. 
ESHOO , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. 
QUIGLEY , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
BEYER , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
York, and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 2710: Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. H ECKof Nevada, 
Mr. T IPTON , and Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 2714: Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 2732: Ms. S PEIER . 
H.R. 2737: Mr. M CDERMOTT and Ms. B ROWN  
of Florida. 
H.R. 2752: Mr. M CGOVERN and Mr. 
SWALWELL of California. 
H.R. 2753: Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 2760: Mr. C OLE. 
H.R. 2762: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 2763: Mr. S ABLAN . 
H.R. 2767: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. H ASTINGS , and 
Mr. R ANGEL . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN7.039 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4433 June 16, 2015 
H.R. 2770: Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 2773: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 2776: Mr. R ANGEL and Ms. B ORDALLO . 
H.J. Res. 22: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York and Mr. R UIZ. 
H.J. Res. 42: Mr. F RANKS of Arizona. 
H.J. Res. 45: Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.J. Res. 51: Mrs. D INGELL . 
H. Con. Res. 18: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H. Res. 28: Mr. W ITTMAN . H. Res. 54: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H. Res. 210: Mr. H ECKof Washington. 
H. Res. 262: Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. H ASTINGS , 
and Ms. B ORDALLO . 
H. Res. 263: Mr. C OHEN . 
H. Res. 294: Mr. T ONKO . 
H. Res. 307: Mr. R ANGEL and Mr. W EBER of 
Texas. 
H. Res. 310: Mr. C OHEN , Mr. D ONOVAN , and 
Mr. B LUMENAUER . DELETION OF SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 1942: Mr. H ARRIS . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN7.037 H16JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4171 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JUNE 16, 2015 No. 96 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Sovereign Lord, Your Kingdom can-
not be shaken. Thank You for inviting us to ask and receive, to seek and find, and to knock for doors to be open. Lord, forgive us when we forfeit our blessings because of our failure to ask. Remind us that we have not because we ask not. Inspire our Senators to har-ness prayer power continuously. May they follow Your admonition to pray without ceasing. Throughout this day, may they repeatedly ask You for wis-dom and guidance. May their fervent prayers make a positive impact on the legislative process. 
We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S UL-
LIVAN ). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AP-
PROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016—MO-TION TO PROCEED 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to proceed to Calendar No. 118, H.R. 2685. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The bill clerk read as follows: Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 118, 
H.R. 2685, a bill making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. I send a cloture 
motion to the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to H.R. 2685, an act making appropriations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, James 
Lankford, Roger F. Wicker, John Bar-rasso, Thom Tillis, Steve Daines, Tom Cotton, Kelly Ayotte, Lindsey Graham, John McCain, John Thune, Jerry Moran, Richard C. Shelby, Daniel Coats, Jeff Flake, Rob Portman. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
later this afternoon, the Senate will decide whether to advance or filibuster the Defense authorization legislation which is before us. Senators will take a vote and Senators will make a choice. One option is for Senators to follow the bipartisan example of the House of Representatives and the Senate Armed Services Committee, both of which passed Defense authorization legisla-tion with bipartisan backing. 
It means reaching across the aisle to 
support the men and women who sup-port us every single day. It means vot-ing to transform bureaucratic waste into crucial investments for brave troops and their families, raises they have earned, quality-of-life programs they deserve, and the kind of medical care and mental health support they should expect when injured on the bat-tlefield or haunted by memories at 
home. 
It means ensuring our military has 
the tools it needs to help America navi-gate a treacherous world beset by an ever-growing array of challenges. It means advancing a bill that contains ideas and priorities from both parties and one that gives President Obama the exact level of funding authoriza-tion he asked for in his own budget re-quest. 
It also means endorsing the Senate’s 
return to considering Defense author-ization bills through the regular order, allowing real bipartisan debate and a real bipartisan amendment process as we have done this year, as opposed to the bad old days of ramming it through at the last minute. That is one option: voting for cloture, voting for a bipar-tisan bill that is good for our troops and our country. 
But there is another option too: vot-
ing to filibuster, voting to raise the curtain on this truly bizarre filibuster summer, a strategy we hear Demo-cratic leaders boasting about in the press. Democratic leaders are appar-ently so passionate—passionate—about dumping more cash into gargantuan DC bureaucracies like the IRS that they now seem prepared to block and filibuster the benefits owed to our troops and their families or even— even—shut down the government alto-gether if they can’t get their way. 
As one newspaper reported this 
morning, ‘‘Democrats appear eager to return to shutdown politics.’’ The mi-nority leader seemed to put it plainly enough the other day: ‘‘We’re headed for another shutdown,’’ he said. But that can only happen if commonsense Democrats allow their party leaders to advance the shutdown-seeking fili-buster summer gambit. 
Today is every commonsense Demo-
crat’s chance to say, Enough. This is a bad strategy. Today is every common-sense Democrat’s opportunity to help pull their party back from a senseless 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.000 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4172 June 16, 2015 
path of forcing endless filibusters and a 
shutdown no one wants but the hard left. That is what they want. Because here is what every Senator knows deep down: Voting to filibuster would mean allowing Democratic leaders to take from every soldier, every sailor, every marine, and every man and woman in the Air Force the pay raises they have earned, so Democratic leaders can use it as an ante in the game of shutdown roulette. 
Voting to filibuster would mean al-
lowing Democratic leaders to hold our military hostage at a time of unprece-dented global threats as part of some partisan ploy to extract—extract—a few more bucks for Washington bureau-
crats. I just cannot imagine serious- minded Democrats feeling comfortable going along with their leaders’ plan. It is just too callous. It is just too ex-treme. So I hope they will not. I hope every one of my colleagues, no matter which party they are in, will stand to-gether instead for bipartisanship, for regular order, for the idea that we should support the troops who support us. 
I thank Chairman M
CCAINfor all of 
his hard work to get us to this point. He did a marvelous job working across the aisle to craft a serious defense bill, with input and amendments from both sides. The Senate, our military, and our country stand to benefit im-mensely from his dedication. So I hope every Senator of good will will stand up and vote to advance this bipartisan bill later today. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
GOVERNMENT FUNDING  
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I have for 
many, many years—every Thursday, when we are in session, I have what I call ‘‘Welcome to Washington.’’ I look forward to those Thursday mornings at 8:30 visiting with people from Nevada, and there are guests and their friends who come from other places who want to visit with me. So I enjoy those very much. 
Last Thursday, I had a young man 
named Nathaniel visit. He had been an intern for me. His family is from Ne-vada. His grandfather is a very famous man by the name of John Squire Drendel. John Squire Drendel is now 93 but a wonderful lawyer and just a good person. The reason I recognized Na-thaniel—they came back to one of my ‘‘Welcome to Washingtons.’’ I called him and I said: Hey, Nathaniel. Come on up here. I said: Let’s show these folks some of your magic tricks. So that is what he would do. I would bring him in and he could do magic tricks. He is now going to law school. His magic tricks aren’t as good as they used to be. He hasn’t practiced very much. 
What I have heard my friend the Re-
publican leader talk about today—he is trying to do some magic tricks. It is not only on the Senate but the coun-try. The Defense authorization bill is an important piece of legislation. We 
Democrats support our troops. No one can dispute that. We are just as patri-otic as any Republican. My 46 Demo-crats are just as patriotic as the 54 Re-publicans. We support defense just as much as our Republican friends do. But we also support the rest of our country. 
We support the Federal Bureau of In-
vestigation, the Justice Department. We support the U.S. marshals who are now out looking for those two killers who escaped from prison in New York. We support the Drug Enforcement Ad-ministration. We support the Immigra-tion and Naturalization Service, Social Security, VA. I could go on and on. 
To have a sound, secure homeland, 
we have to make sure we take care not only of the Pentagon’s needs but the needs of the American people. My friend the Republican leader, as a little bit of his magic, always throws in the Internal Revenue Service, as if: Boy, we are doing great things. We are cut-ting the Internal Revenue Service. I am not here to throw bouquets to the Internal Revenue Service, but I am here to say it is an important part of our country. 
I met with the head of the IRS maybe 
a couple of months ago now. He came and said: You know, we made it through tax season and we did a good job. But he said: During the time that people were trying to file their income tax returns, if someone had tried to call the Internal Revenue Service, they would not have gotten an answer. We did not have enough personnel to even answer the phones. 
Is that what we want? Do we want 
people who call the IRS not to be able to have someone answer the phone? And a lot of that is happening now. 
The Federal Government is being 
starved for resources. Why? Because of the Republican determination to try some magic. We know the Republicans are not really serious about the De-fense bill. If they were, would they throw on this the Export-Import Bank—an amendment—and move to table their own amendment? Of course not. Some 165,000 people are working today because of the Export-Import Bank. It is an important function of our government. 
But a large number of Republicans 
are trying to kill this program, indi-cating how unserious they are about doing something about it, by focusing on the Defense bill an amendment that they filed and moved to table their own amendment just so they could check the box: Well, we tried to do something on Export-Import Bank. 
Cyber security. We are being hacked 
on a daily basis. They are not only hacking businesses, they are hacking our government—everything. To show how unserious the Republicans are about this issue, which we have been trying to do something as Democrats for years, the Republicans filed an amendment on this bill knowing the President has already said he is going to veto the bill. I am so disappointed in how the Re-
publicans are being very ungenuine in trying to move forward on this legisla-tion. The bill is going to be vetoed; the President said so. 
The other thing that I think is im-
portant for the American public to un-derstand and to make sure all of the Members of the Senate and their staff understand is that this is an authoriza-tion. 
I can remember that as a boy in Ne-
vada, in high school, I would see these big announcements—Senator Cannon and Senator Bible introduced this leg-islation. I wondered why nothing ever happened on it. It was because it was only to authorize. The important func-tion of this government—and it has been since the beginning—is to have an Appropriations Committee. After something is authorized, it has to be funded. 
So of course this authorization bill is 
important, and we believe it is impor-tant. But my friend the Republican leader is treating it—trying to perform some magic because he is really not se-rious about it for the reasons I have mentioned. 
FOOD SAFETY  
Mr. President, I have thought about 
this little girl for so many years, little Rylee, Rylee Gustafson. What a sweet, sweet spirit. I have thought about her so often. She was 9 years old. She ate a salad that almost killed her. There was spinach in that salad and E. coli in that spinach. She got so sick, she was hospitalized. Her kidneys began to fail. Her pancreas started to dysfunction. Before long, fluid swelled up in her brain, heart, and lungs. 
All told, Rylee spent 34 days in the 
hospital. She was a 9-year-old. I wish that were the only time she was in the hospital, but it was not. I wish that were the only time she needed medical care, but it was not. Eventually, she ‘‘recovered,’’ but the lasting effects on this little girl have been horrible. She developed diabetes because of the dam-age to her pancreas, and she now takes an insulin shot every day. She will need a kidney transplant before she turns 30; that is what the doctors have told her. As horrific as her account is, it is not unique. This little girl is now a teenager and still sick. Her growth was stunted. 
Unfortunately for many Americans, 
falling ill from contaminated foods has become all too regular. According to the Centers for Disease Control, one in every six Americans gets sick from food every year. That is about 48 mil-lion Americans who become sick from food in this great country. 
More than 3,000 people die every year 
from foodborne illness, and those who don’t die can be forced to deal with a lifetime of health complications, just like Rylee. Yes, she is alive, but what horrible consequences followed her having a salad. 
At a recent Senate hearing on this 
issue, a woman named Lauren Bush 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.005 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4173 June 16, 2015 
shared her experience with food con-
tamination. Listen to an account that she shared of the ordeal. 
During my junior year of college, my life 
suddenly and irrevocably changed when I al-most died after eating a spinach salad. 
What the doctors initially thought to be 
nothing more than a virus quickly escalated to a diagnosis of appendicitis. Through clenched teeth and unbearable pain, I argued with the doctors that something didn’t feel right. It was like nothing I had ever felt be-fore. They began to suspect that I was right when I quickly took a turn for the worse. I found myself in class one day and in a hos-pital bed the next. 
I spent the next three weeks in and out of 
two hospitals, two emergency rooms, and three urgent-treatment facilities before I was well enough to go home and recover. 
I had lost nearly 20 pounds, and went from 
being an otherwise young, healthy student to an emotional and physical disaster—all in less than one month’s time. 
I spent the next five months in recovery on 
continuous antibiotics and vitamins from the resulting complications. I almost lost my colon; and I lost my dignity when I was unable to feed and care for myself. I was for-tunate enough to return to school the fol-lowing spring, but it was several months be-fore I could walk to class without stopping to take a breath. And in some ways, my body will never be the same. 
Sadly, there are far too many Ameri-
cans with stories similar to Rylee’s and Lauren’s. Take, for example, the recent listeria outbreak in two brands of some of the food products millions of Ameri-cans enjoy—ice cream and hummus. To date, the outbreak has claimed the lives of three people and sickened hun-dreds of others. One of the ice cream factories is closed as a result of this. 
This is all the more tragic because 
each of these contaminations could have been prevented. The United States is the most advanced country in the world. We have the technology and the resources to ensure better food quality for people like Rylee. 
We have made progress. In 2010, for a 
lot of reasons but not the least of which was Rylee, Congress passed the most sweeping reform of our Nation’s food safety laws since the 1930s. The law shifted the focus of food safety laws from responding to contamination to preventing it. The FDA is working hard to implement this critical law. But the Food Safety Modernization Act cannot work if it doesn’t have any money. Current funding levels don’t provide the resources necessary to ade-quately fund programs to stop food contamination and create a system based on prevention. 
It is that word again—‘‘sequestra-
tion.’’ This Agency has never recovered from the hit taken when the govern-ment was closed and then because of sequestration. By keeping sequestra-tion in place, Republicans are ham-pering efforts to stamp out food borne illness. 
Nobody should ever have to worry 
about dying from eating ice cream or being hospitalized after consuming hummus or spinach. Congress must act to strengthen the food safety of our country and the Food Safety Mod-ernization Act, and we must do it now. 
Let’s stop sequestration. Let’s go ahead and authorize the bills, but, re-member, we cannot fund them with funny money. 
I can’t imagine my Republican 
friends—and I have said before, my friend, the chairman of the Armed Services Committee—allowing this bill to go forward with this deficit spending that they call OCO. The Pentagon thinks it is wrong. All people who un-derstand economics think it is wrong. Another $39 billion in deficit spending is just wrong. We need to fund the mili-tary, and we need to fund the non-military—that is, nondefense pro-grams—and we need to do it to make our homeland safer. 
I hope that programs like this—Rylee 
has suffered so that we would do some-thing—I hope that we will take care of her and people just like her and do something to fund these programs and prevent illnesses that are caused by food. 
We need to act responsibly and raise 
the level of funding for these vital pro-grams because for far too many Ameri-cans, this issue is a matter of life and death. All we need to do is ask Rylee and ask Lauren, and they will tell us. 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 1735, which the clerk will report. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropria-
tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
McCain amendment No. 1463, in the nature 
of a substitute. 
McCain amendment No. 1456 (to amend-
ment No. 1463), to require additional infor-mation supporting long-range plans for con-struction of naval vessels. 
Cornyn amendment No. 1486 (to amend-
ment No. 1463), to require reporting on en-ergy security issues involving Europe and the Russian Federation, and to express the sense of Congress regarding ways the United States could help vulnerable allies and part-ners with energy security. 
Vitter modified amendment No. 1473 (to 
amendment No. 1463), to limit the retirement of Army combat units. 
Markey amendment No. 1645 (to amend-
ment No. 1463), to express the sense of Con-gress that exports of crude oil to United States allies and partners should not be de-termined to be consistent with the national interest if those exports would increase en-ergy prices in the United States for Amer-ican consumers or businesses or increase the reliance of the United States on imported oil. 
Reed (for Blumenthal) modified amend-
ment No. 1564 (to amendment No. 1463), to enhance protections accorded to service-
members and their spouses. 
McCain (for Paul) modified amendment No. 
1543 (to amendment No. 1463), to strengthen employee cost savings suggestions programs within the Federal Government. 
Reed (for Durbin) modified amendment No. 
1559 (to amendment No. 1463), to prohibit the award of Department of Defense contracts to inverted domestic corporations. 
Feinstein (for McCain) amendment No. 1889 
(to amendment No. 1463), to reaffirm the pro-hibition on torture. 
Fischer/Booker amendment No. 1825 (to 
amendment No. 1463), to authorize appropria-tions for national security aspects of the Merchant Marine for fiscal years 2016 and 2017. 
Lee amendment No. 1687 (to amendment 
No. 1473), to provide for the protection and recovery of the greater sage-grouse, the con-servation of lesser prairie-chickens, and the removal of endangered species status for the American burying beetle. 
McCain (for Ernst/Boxer) amendment No. 
1549 (to amendment No. 1463), to provide for a temporary, emergency authorization of de-fense articles, defense services, and related training directly to the Kurdistan Regional Government. 
Reed (for Gillibrand) amendment No. 1578 
(to amendment No. 1463), to reform proce-
dures for determinations to proceed to trial by court-martial for certain offenses under the Uniform Code of Military Justice. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the time until 11:30 a.m. will be equally divided in the usual form. 
The Senator from Rhode Island. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I yield 5 
minutes to the Senator from Min-nesota. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Minnesota. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I 
rise today to discuss the Metal Theft Prevention Act, which was filed as an amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act. In a moment, I am going to ask unanimous consent to make this amendment pending, but first I wish to explain why this amend-ment is so important. 
I have been working on this legisla-
tion for years. Senator S
CHUMER is a 
cosponsor. In the past, I have had sup-port for this bill as cosponsors in Sen-ator H
ATCH , Senator L INDSEY GRAHAM , 
and Senator H OEVEN . Why has there 
been bipartisan support in the past for this bill? I think we all know that this is a public safety issue. Metal thieves have targeted labs, power stations, and gas lines, causing blackouts, service disruptions, and even dangerous explo-sions. 
In September of 2013, four people 
were injured in an explosion at a Uni-versity of California, Berkeley, elec-trical station. Officials blamed it on copper theft that occurred 2 hours be-fore the explosion. 
Georgia Power was having a huge 
problem with thieves targeting a sub-station that feeds the entire Hartsfield- Jackson Atlanta International Airport, one of the busiest airports in the world. The airport was getting hit two to three times a week, and surveillance didn’t lead to any arrests. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.007 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4174 June 16, 2015 
The crime has also hurt the dignity 
of our veterans. Last year in my home State of Minnesota, the metal thieves robbed dozens of veterans’ graves, tak-ing the brass rods that hold their sym-bol of service. It is a crime that is al-most too callous to comprehend, but sadly this wasn’t the first time. On Me-morial Day in 2012—this is just in Min-nesota—thieves stole more than 20 Bronze Star markers from veterans’ graves in Isanti County. That is why this bill is supported by the Veterans of Foreign Wars, the Vietnam Veterans of America, the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, as well as major law enforcement organizations and business groups. 
The bill is really quite simple. It will 
help combat the shameless crime across State lines by putting modest recordkeeping requirements on scrap metal dealers and recyclers in place. It will limit the value of cash trans-actions to $100 and require sellers in certain cases to prove they actually own the metal. 
All we are trying to do is stop scrap 
metal dealers from taking stolen metal. And the reason we can’t just do it State by State is that a lot of States are doing this but a lot of States aren’t, and what the thieves are doing is crossing State lines, stealing the metal in one State and selling it in an-other. 
This is an important bill, and it has 
been heavily lobbied against by the scrap metal dealer association. 
The Democratic side of the aisle has 
cleared this bill. We are ready to go forward with this amendment. There are objections on the Republican side. But I think people better step back and realize, the next time there is a major explosion, the next time something happens like this, which is happening on a weekly basis across the country— that they understand we could have done something to prevent it. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to set aside the pending amend-ment in order to call up my amend-ment No. 1555. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, reserv-
ing the right to object, and I will ob-ject, I object on behalf of the Judiciary Committee. This would criminalize stealing metal. It makes it a Federal offense; therefore, the Judiciary prop-erly has jurisdiction. It would also es-tablish civil penalties enforceable by the Attorney General. It directs review of this crime by the Federal sentencing commission. It has no tie to the na-tional security or the National Defense Authorization Act. So I object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I 
am disappointed that there is an objec-tion to calling up this commonsense amendment that has so much support from veterans, law enforcement, and businesses. I have stood in front of small businesses all over my State, in-cluding with Senator H
OEVEN in Fargo, 
a number of electric companies that have been repeatedly broken into. 
I believe this does have national se-
curity implications because there is a provision in the bill about critical in-frastructure and creating a felony-level crime when they are stealing from that critical infrastructure. And I believe it is very important that we debate and vote on this issue as part of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act. 
I will continue to work to get a vote 
on this amendment during this entire year. I worry that at some point we are going to have major damage to our in-frastructure as a result of metal theft, and everyone will look back and won-der why we didn’t listen to every major law enforcement group in our country or to every single business that has been affected or to the electric compa-nies that are being broken into all the time or to our veterans groups, that just want their final resting places to be respected. Despite the lobby of the scrap metal dealers, I will not let this rest. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I would 
point out to the Senator from Min-nesota that we started on this legisla-tion in the committee in May. We are now well into June—many weeks. We are 2 weeks into the consideration of this legislation, and the Senator from Minnesota comes to the floor with a compelling amendment. 
I suggest the next time around the 
Senator from Minnesota raise the issue with the authorization committee and with others when the bill first comes to the floor rather than waiting 2 weeks before having a compelling interest in this very serious issue. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President—— Mr. M
CCAIN. I still have the floor, I 
would say to the Senator from Min-nesota. The rules of the Senate are that we usually don’t like to be inter-rupted. 
Mr. President, we are going to em-
bark on the McCain-Feinstein amend-ment, which I understand is going to be voted on at 11:30; is that correct? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is correct. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. I thank the Chair. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I 
would like to note that I have been at-tempting to pass this legislation now for 3 years. Senator H
ATCH was my first 
cosponsor, then Senator G RAHAM , and 
then Senator H OEVEN . Every step of the 
way I have been stymied by the scrap metal dealer lobby. 
I believe this is an important bill. It 
is a simple bill. It will greatly help be-cause these thieves are crossing State lines with the stolen copper. I appre-ciate, obviously, Senator M
CCAIN’s 
viewpoint, being the manager of this bill on the floor, but I think the record should reflect that I have tried many 
times to get this amendment up on other bills and to work with the com-mittee, but every single time I get stopped in my tracks by this lobby. At some point I would like to have a vote on this so that people can vote their heart and vote with their law enforce-ment or vote with the scrap metal dealers. They can decide. 
For now, our side has cleared this 
amendment, and the Republicans are objecting to this. 
I yield the floor. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the time spent be equally divided while in a quorum call. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. I suggest the absence of 
a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
CHICAGO BLACKHAWKS WIN STANLEY CUP  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, there 
are serious matters on the floor of the Senate involving the Defense author-ization bill, and I just asked the chair-man of the Committee on Armed Serv-ices for 5 minutes to speak on an issue totally unrelated to it but one which is critically important to the future of America and critically important today to the city of Chicago, IL. 
Last night, I stayed up late to watch 
the Chicago Blackhawks win the Stan-ley Cup. They were playing the Tampa Bay Lightning—an extraordinarily good team—and in the sixth game they won 2 to zip. That is three Stanley Cups in 6 years. 
I can tell you that you can’t visit 
Chicago, go to any street corner or anyplace without seeing evidence of loyalty to the Chicago Blackhawks. It is an incredible story of a storied fran-chise in the National Hockey League that has become a premier sports story in the great sports city of Chicago. And last night was so much fun for all of us to watch that victory. 
Any child who has ever laced up an 
old pair of skates or put tape on a stick has thought about what happened last 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.009 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4175 June 16, 2015 
night. From Springfield, IL, to Saska-
toon, from Moose Jaw to Miami, if you have spent any time at all around the game of hockey, you wonder what it must feel like to stand at the end of a very long season, after three long peri-ods of total effort white-knuckled mo-ments, before tens of thousands of elat-ed fans, and hoist up the most storied trophy in all of sports—Lord Stanley’s Cup. The goal of every team in the Na-tional Hockey League is to hoist up that cup at the end of the season. 
I rise today to pay tribute to the 
players, coaches, staff, and fans of the Chicago Blackhawks, the 2015 Stanley Cup champions, whose season-long mantra of ‘‘One Goal’’ was realized last night at the United Center in Chicago. 
Last night, the Blackhawks won 
their sixth Stanley Cup in franchise history and the third in the last 6 years, with the 2-to-0 victory over the Tampa Bay Lightning, a formidable team as well. 
Fans at the Madhouse on Madison, as 
we call the United Center, witnessed Duncan Keith and Patrick Kane score show-stopping goals while goaltender Corey Crawford seemed incredible in his defense, stopping all of the 25 shots that he faced. 
I congratulate especially owner 
Rocky Wirtz, head coach Joe Quenneville, who is known as Coach Q, ‘‘Captain Serious,’’ Jonathan Toews, the Blackhawks front office, the play-ers, and, most of all, the legions of Blackhawks fans as they celebrate an-other Stanley Cup Championship. 
Those who know the history of this 
team, and those who have followed them for decades know that in the past 7 years there has been a trans-formation in the Blackhawks. With Rocky Wirtz taking over as the owner, this team went on television just at the moment when they were reaching this level of perfection, and they start-ed winning over thousands of fans—not just across Chicago but across Illinois and the Midwest. 
Blackhawks fans, I think, are the 
best fans in hockey, and you can under-stand if a lot of them are a little tired this morning. The Blackhawks began the playoffs with a remarkable double- overtime victory against the Nashville Predators, another excellent team. They were down 3 to 0 after the first period. The Hawks stormed back to tie the game and won on a Duncan Keith goal. That victory set the tone for a great run through the playoffs. A goal by Brent Seabrook in triple overtime in game 4 helped the Hawks defeat Nashville in six games. 
A sweep of the Minnesota Wild fol-
lowed, setting up a showdown with the Anaheim Ducks in the Western Con-ference Finals. The Hawks were behind in the series one game to none, 2 to 1, and 3 to 2, but they earned double- and triple-overtime victories on their way to winning in seven games, clinching a berth in the Stanley Cup Final. 
The Hawks followed a familiar pat-
tern in dropping games 1 and 3 of the final, but they took a 3-to-2 series lead 
into Monday night’s Game 6 on home ice. It was another close contest as Kane’s one-timer with 5:14 remaining marked the first time either team led by more than one goal in the entire se-ries. 
The time slowly ticked down until 
22,424 fans at the United Center were fi-nally able to erupt in celebration. It was a great night for Blackhawks fans and the culmination of a tremendous team effort. 
Antoine Vermette, acquired at the 
trade deadline, scored two game-win-ning goals in the Stanley Cup Final. Goaltender Scott Darling stood tall in the net when his team needed him the most, in relief of Corey Crawford when called upon against Nashville. Duncan Keith was an iron man, earning the Conn Smythe Trophy for playoff MVP, while logging more than 700 minutes of ice time in 23 games. Nicklas Hjalmarsson blocked shots left and right and seemed to be in the right place all the time. 
I can’t tell you how happy I am for 
those Blackhawks and for all of their amazing fans on their Stanley Cup championship. It has been a thrill to watch this team throughout the years, and I look forward to seeing President Obama host the Stanley Cup champion Blackhawks yet another time at the White House. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I 
have serious concerns with the lan-guage that was tacked on to the House FISA reform bill that passed the Sen-ate, and at the end of my remarks I am going to offer a unanimous consent re-quest. I say that because maybe other Members of the Senate would like to be heard or would like to maybe reject my unanimous consent request, and I want to give them the privilege of knowing I am doing this. 
The language in the FISA bill made 
changes to the Federal criminal code to implement four important multilat-eral treaties relating to nuclear ter-rorism and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. It is good that these treaties are finally being imple-mented. The Senate gave its advice and consent to these treaties back in 2008. In the years since then, however, the Senate leadership repeatedly failed to bring bills to the floor that would im-plement them. 
The language which is now law omits 
a number of key provisions that were requested by both the Obama adminis-tration and the Bush administration. So I want my colleagues to know this has had support from both Republican and Democrat Presidents, in the present and in the past. 
My amendment No. 1786 restores 
these provisions, which are important tools to combat the gravest of threats to our national security. I am happy to note that Senator W
HITEHOUSE , the 
ranking member of the Judiciary Com-mittee’s Subcommittee on Crime and 
Terrorism, has joined me in offering this amendment. 
First, the amendment adds the au-
thority for prosecutors to seek the death penalty for these newly created crimes in appropriate cases. Under the criminal code, similar crimes already carry the possibility of the death pen-alty. Singling out these new offenses under this treaty, which is intended to stop terrorists from threatening us with the world’s most dangerous weap-ons, for lesser punishment simply makes no sense. 
For example, section 2280 and 2281 of 
the code, which criminalizes various acts of violence on the high seas, al-
ready provide for the possibility of the death penalty. So it is only logical that new sections 2280a and 2281a, which criminalize acts of terrorism on the high seas related to weapons of mass destruction, should as well. The newly created offenses of nuclear terrorism, now codified in section 2332i, should as well. In fact, I am hard pressed to think of an offense for which the death penalty might be more appropriate than nuclear terrorism. 
Terrorists who kill Americans—espe-
cially nuclear terrorists—should be eli-gible for the death penalty. This shouldn’t at all be controversial, and I think the support of both former Presi-dent Bush and President Obama speaks to that point. Terrorists who kill Americans—especially nuclear terror-ists—should be eligible for the death penalty. I can’t repeat too often that this shouldn’t be controversial. 
Second, the amendment makes these 
newly created criminal offenses mate-rial support predicates. In other words, the amendment would provide the gov-ernment the ability to prosecute those who finance or otherwise provide mate-rial support to these terrorists. Natu-rally, these are complex crimes that aren’t committed by just one person. 
They involve entire networks that need to be stopped in their tracks. This pro-vision will help do that by making sure that those who provide materiel sup-port to terrorists don’t escape justice. 
Third, the amendment would add 
these offenses to the list of those crimes that are predicates for wiretap applications. As the law now stands, prosecutors can’t request a traditional criminal wiretap against a terrorist suspected of breaking these new laws, but at the same time, they can get a wiretap to investigate a long list of less serious offenses. Again, this doesn’t make sense. In fact, this is a dangerous omission. Our government needs the ability to listen in on calls of suspected nuclear terrorists. So this provision would permit prosecutors to request the authority to do so from a Federal judge. 
Once again, I use the term ‘‘common 
sense.’’ These are commonsense fixes, supported by both Republican and Democratic Presidents, fixing and har-monizing these recently created crimes with the rest of the criminal code, fix-ing and harmonizing these recently 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.011 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4176 June 16, 2015 
created crimes with the rest of the 
Criminal Code. They were requested by both the Obama and Bush administra-tions because they will help protect us from the catastrophe that could result from terrorists seeking to use the ulti-mate weapons against us. So I urge my colleagues to support Grassley-White-house amendment No. 1786. 
At this time, I ask unanimous con-
sent to set aside the pending amend-ment and call up and make pending Grassley-Whitehouse amendment No. 1786. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, reserving 
the right to object. 
First, the Senator is chairman of the 
committee which has jurisdiction for this particular amendment, so he has complete—in fact, more than com-plete—authority to bring it up in reg-ular order and bring it forward to the floor. In addition, we have been advised by the Department of Justice that these provisions are not necessary, given the scope of existing law with re-spect to terrorists and with respect to anyone who conducts a terrorist act. Perhaps an example of that is the Bos-ton bombing, where there is now some-one condemned to death for terrorist activities—not involving a nuclear de-vice, but I hardly think he would get any less of a sentence regardless of the device he used. 
So for all these reasons, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ac-
cept the good-faith effort to listen to my point of view, even though there is a rejection, but I would like 1 minute to react to the objection. 
This amendment only does what both 
the Bush and Obama administrations asked Congress to do, to make clear that the death penalty could apply to any active nuclear terrorism. It is not enough that other criminal statutes might also apply to nuclear terrorists and might also carry the death pen-alty. It is quite the opposite; that ter-rorists who use guns and explosives to kill can face the death penalty means that nuclear terrorists certainly should as well. It does not take too much imagination to come up with a situa-tion which, under current law, the death penalty might not clearly apply. 
We are all aware of the threat of 
cyber terrorism. If a terrorist used a computer to take over a nuclear power-plant and caused a deadly nuclear meltdown, it is not clear that his crime would be eligible for the death penalty under any other Federal Criminal Code. We simply shouldn’t accept this potential gap in the law which my amendment fixes. 
So, once again, I am sorry there was 
an objection. I am not done with this. We will continue it in some other envi-ronment. I respect my colleagues, how-ever, for objecting. 
I yield the floor. AMENDMENT NO . 1889 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, Congress 
has some unfinished business before it. When the President took office, he issued an Executive order banning tor-
ture. It is regrettable that such a step was even necessary for a country that has been a signatory to the Convention Against Torture since 1988, more than 25 years ago. But it was the right thing for the President to do and consistent with our values as Americans. In par-ticular, the President ordered that all U.S. Government personnel and con-tractors must comply with the interro-gation standards in the Army Field Manual and that the International Committee of the Red Cross should have notice of and access to detainees held by the U.S. Government. 
Now it is time for Congress to adopt 
these same requirements—to enshrine them in law and ensure that America never again employs torture, no matter what the threat. 
Senators M
CCAINand F EINSTEIN have 
offered an amendment that mirrors these requirements of the Executive order. It would require all government personnel and contractors, across all agencies and departments, to abide by the rules and regulations contained in the Army Field Manual. It also would ensure that the International Com-mittee of the Red Cross, or ICRC, is provided access to all individuals de-tained by the United States. 
These requirements have already 
been in place for 6 years, and this amendment is consistent with current practice. The Army Field Manual pro-vides clear guidelines on acceptable and effective interrogation practices. It reinforces explicit prohibitions in existing law against torture and other cruel and inhumane treatment. It is re-lied upon by our military personnel when they conduct high-risk interroga-tions on the battlefield. There is no reason why these rules should not apply to all government personnel and contractors, in all places, and at all times. 
This is a critically important amend-
ment. We know from the historic re-port of the Senate Intelligence Com-mittee that the CIA engaged in horrific acts of torture during the Bush admin-istration. We must be unequivocal to the world and to ourselves that torture is wrong and that it is never permitted. 
An Executive order is not enough. 
Congress must act. We must codify these safeguards into law. When it comes to our core values—the things that make our country great and that define America’s place in the world— they do not change depending on the circumstances. The Convention Against Torture does not make excep-tions. We must be clear that there are no instances when torture is accept-able. 
I urge Senators to support the anti- 
torture amendment, and I commend Senators M
CCAIN and F EINSTEIN for 
their enduring leadership on this issue. We must ensure that America never al-lows this to happen again. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
President pro tempore. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak out at a time when our world is on fire: Putin’s Russia is on the march, invading a sovereign neighbor in a bid to rebuild the Soviet empire; China as-serts its growing strength in aggressive and provocative ways in the Pacific; Iran presses ahead in its efforts to de-velop nuclear weapons capability, a de-velopment that threatens to put the deadliest weapons known to man in the hands of a maniacal rogue state; the Is-lamic State continues to expand its barbaric reign of terror and endanger everything our brave men and women in uniform fought and died for long ago in Iraq; terrorist groups, including Al 
Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and Al- Shabab, use the refuge of failed states to plot attacks on our homeland; and, across the globe, our allies look to the United States to provide the leadership necessary to confront these threats to peace. 
One of the foundational purposes of 
our Constitution was to establish a Federal Government to—in the words of the preamble—provide for the com-mon defense. In facilitating this pur-pose, the Congress is charged with two particularly crucial duties: estab-lishing the legal authority for our mili-tary to operate and funding our mili-tary’s activities. For 53 years in a row, Congress has fulfilled these responsibil-ities with an annual National Defense Authorization Act and accompanying funding through the appropriations process. Despite the gridlock that has so often beset the legislative process in recent years, Congress has consistently risen to the call of its constitutional duty every year to authorize and ap-propriate on behalf of our brave men and women in uniform. 
This year, our colleagues on the 
Armed Services Committee have lived up to the finest traditions of this body in crafting the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. This bill provides for our national secu-rity needs across a wide variety of fronts, including programs to aid allies such as Ukraine and Iraq that face ag-gression, compensation for the men and women who put their lives on the line to defend our freedom, restruc-turing to improve readiness, authority to procure a wide range of new weapons systems such as the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter that are crucial to maintaining our defense capabilities, and acquisi-tion reform to restore accountability to defense contracting and make the money we spend go further. 
These aren’t Republican or Demo-
cratic priorities, they are American priorities. They are concrete steps we need to take in order to ensure our safety and security for years to come, and they should earn the support of every single Senator. 
The bill before us authorizes $604 bil-
lion in spending for the Defense De-partment in the coming year. That is essentially the very same amount re-quested by President Obama himself. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.013 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4177 June 16, 2015 
President Obama and our colleagues on 
the Armed Services Committee did not come up with that number out of thin air. In testimony before the Senate Armed Services Committee this year, all four of the military service chiefs testified that American lives are being put at risk if we cap defense spending at the sequester levels. The amount proposed by President Obama and em-braced by the Armed Services Com-mittee is the amount that both Repub-lican and Democratic, as well as non-partisan, experts believe is crucial to the Defense Department’s ability to preserve our national security. Surely, such an approach on such a critical measure should win broad support from both parties. 
Nevertheless, many of our colleagues 
on the other side of the aisle are threatening a filibuster of the bill over the amount of funding it authorizes. They are considering the prospect of defeating the National Defense Author-ization Act for the first time in 53 years unless we agree to their demands to increase spending on domestic pro-grams. Put another way, they are aim-ing to condition the ability of our sol-diers, sailors, airmen, and marines to defend our Nation on their demand for more funding for the wasteful Federal bureaucracy that already costs too much. 
Let me be absolutely clear. To roll 
back what progress we have made in restoring fiscal discipline after years of profligate spending is seriously mis-guided, to do so by hijacking the De-fense bill at a time of serious danger— when we face so many crises around the world—represents the height of ir-responsibility, and to make such a ‘‘my way or the highway’’ demand as a con-dition of fulfilling one of the Senate’s basic duties is unworthy of the great traditions of this body. 
Many of us have worked toward var-
ious solutions to replace the sequester going forward. Republicans and Demo-crats alike have their preferred alter-natives to the current funding arrange-ments. Nevertheless, we simply cannot shirk our duty to provide for the com-mon defense in the present. Political reality demands that we reject par-tisan grandstanding in favor of work-ing together on this must-pass bill. 
Over the past 2 weeks, the majority 
leader and the chairman of the Armed Services Committee have led a debate on this bill that represents the Senate at its finest. We have considered the bill on time—a needed change from re-cent years that restores the Senate’s proper voice in our national defense. We have held hours upon hours of de-bate on the floor, and we have held a fair and open amendment process for Members on both sides of the aisle. 
As part of that open amendment 
process, the Senate considered an amendment from the ranking member of the Armed Services Committee that would condition the funding level on the domestic spending increases sought by our Democratic colleagues. Despite my disagreements on the 
substance, I want to commend the ranking member for his sincere advo-cacy and for his determination to put his plan before this body for an up-or- down vote. But as that vote result showed, a majority of this body strong-ly disagrees with the minority’s pre-ferred alternative. Having fully aired this issue and voted on it, it is time for the Senate to wrap up our debate and pass this bill. To exploit the super-majority threshold to demand a con-cession rejected by a majority of Sen-ators on a bill of such vital importance to our national defense would represent a gross dereliction of duty and a trag-ically irresponsible choice. 
I urge my friends in the minority: do 
not give in to the temptation of par-tisan grandstanding, do not let this be-come another exercise in political brinksmanship, do not place a desire to fight the majority over our shared duty to keep this country safe, and do not jeopardize our men and women in uni-form to win concessions for yet more domestic spending. 
Work with us. Embrace the funding 
levels the Obama administration be-lieves are necessary to keep us safe and keep alive our proud tradition of plac-ing national security ahead of partisan politics. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I know 
there is important debate, but I wish to take a few minutes and talk about America losing one of its finest entre-preneurs and citizens. 
REMEMBERING KIRK KERKORIAN  
Mr. President, last night, at 10:30, my 
friend Kirk Kerkorian died. What a wonderful man. He was 98 years old, and when history books are written, they will say a lot about this good man. 
I had the good fortune as a young 
lawyer to meet him. I didn’t do any of his mergers and acquisitions and all the stock stuff. I didn’t do any of that. But when we first met, he was a busi-nessman with an airline called Trans International Airlines. I will talk about that in a minute, but it started out as one airplane. 
I knew that Kirk was failing because 
he and I were supposed to go watch the Mayweather-Pacquiao fight, and he said he couldn’t go. I knew then that his days were numbered, for lack of a better description. 
I had kept in touch with him all 
these many years. As I said, I am not one to boast about all the great legal work I did for Kirk. I didn’t do much. But I did do a lot of work for his broth-er, a man by the name of Nish Kerkorian, and Kirk never forgot all the work I did for his brother. 
Kirk had two siblings: One woman 
who was a sweet, sweet lady, vibrant, named Rose, his sister Rose. She died not long ago. I called Kirk. It was real-ly hard on him; he cried, and we shed a tear together. He was born in 1917 in Fresno, CA. 
His parents were Armenian immi-grants. He grew up at a very difficult time. He didn’t graduate from the eighth grade. He became a prize fight-er, became the Pacific amateur welterweight champion, and his name was ‘‘Rifle Right’’ Kerkorian. 
His brother Nish, whom I talked 
about, was also a fighter and a boxer, and he fought a lot. Kirk didn’t fight too much. 
On the floor is one of ours—if not the 
hero we have in the Senate for military endeavors—the senior Senator from Ar-izona. 
It is important to talk about Kirk 
Kerkorian for just a minute and about what he did for our country in the mili-tary, using that term broadly—‘‘in the military.’’ He had learned to fly, while milking cows and looking after a wom-an’s cattle, at an air strip near now what is Edwards Air Force Base. That is where he learned to fly, at a place called Happy Bottom Riding Club. That is where he learned to fly. He loved to fly. He got his pilot’s license in just a few months, and he wanted to go into the military, but he couldn’t at the time because we weren’t in the war yet. 
The British Royal Air Force was 
ferrying Canadian-built de Havilland Mosquitoes over the North Atlantic be-cause England was desperate for help. The Nazis were after them, Hitler was sweeping Europe, and the submarines were sinking the ships trying to take supplies to England. So out of despera-tion, Canada, which was part of Great Britain at the time, decided they would help. The problem was that to fly those airplanes over the North Atlantic was really very, very difficult. They had two routes. One was 1,400 miles. The other was shorter but extremely more dangerous. Kirk Kerkorian agreed to take the one more dangerous. It was dangerous because the North Atlantic is very brutal. The wings would ice. But he got a lot of money for each flight—almost $1,000 for each flight. He delivered 33 planes to England. Every one of those flights was a nightmare, but he did it. 
He was truly an American patriot. 
There is a documentary on what he did—flying across the North Atlantic with some other gallant men who did that and helped preserve freedom in the world and take on the Nazis. 
After the war, he had saved a lot of 
his money, and he bought a Cessna. It was expensive at the time—$5,000. He worked in general aviation. He first visited Las Vegas in 1944. In 1947 he paid $60,000 for the airline where I first met him. He was dealing with Trans International Airlines, which was a small air charter service that basically flew gamblers between L.A. and Las Vegas. He, of course, was a very frugal man. He operated the airline until 1968, when he sold it for $104 million. He paid $60,000 for it and sold it for $104 mil-lion. That was him. He was an entre-preneur. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.014 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4178 June 16, 2015 
He moved into Las Vegas quickly. He 
bought a piece of land across from the Flamingo Hotel for $960,000. It was 80 acres. That is now where Caesars Pal-ace is. He was originally the landlord for that property. He made $9 million on that deal. 
He then, shortly thereafter, paid $5 
million cash for an off-Strip property— the first one that had ever been done. That is something I was involved with. It was quite interesting. That trans-action showed to me his absolute hon-esty. I have said publicly—I am not going into detail here—but I will end by saying that the lawyer with whom I worked, Bill Singleton, said: No, Kirk doesn’t do business that way, and he walked out of the room. He wound up buying the property. That was where the International Hotel was built, and it was a very, very expensive property at the time. It was off-Strip. The first two people to appear in the showroom were Barbra Streisand and Elvis Pres-ley, and that was the beginning of Kirk Kerkorian’s ascension to power broker, to say the least, in Las Vegas. 
He bought and sold MGM movies two 
different times. In the process, of course, he built the MGM hotel in Las Vegas. He was really an interesting, wonderful man. He is one of the person-alities I will never forget, and my rela-tionship with him is one of the special things in my life. I feel so fortunate to be able to talk on a personal basis about this man. He was one of a kind. 
I am so disappointed. His No. 1 per-
son, Tony Mandekik, called me and told me that Kirk had died. To be hon-est with you, the tears on the other side of the phone connection from Tony ended the conversation because he couldn’t talk anymore. Now he is re-sponsible, among others—but prin-cipally him—for disposing of this man’s wealth. 
He did not make all of his money in 
movies or hotels and casinos. He branched out. He made a number of for-tunes. People would say: How does he know anything about the automobile industry? He wound up owning large chunks of General Motors. He was one of the chief players in Chrysler. He no longer made in those propositions mil-lions of dollars but billions. He made about $5 billion on this Chrysler Cor-poration deal, where people said: What a fool—why would he do that? 
You know that deal. Not too long ago, about 3 years ago, 
I met him for lunch in Los Angeles. I said: I have to get going. He pulled out of his pocket his watch. 
Kirk, what is that? 
He says: It is my watch. It was a Timex with no band on it. He said: It keeps perfect time. He came to the Beverly Wilshire 
Hotel. He drove himself in a little jeep—a jeep with the top partially down. That was him. He was a very pri-vate man. He rarely gave interviews. I mean, he rarely gave interviews. Even though he was one of the richest men in Los Angeles, he was probably one of the most private. He simply did not do 
things in public. 
With all of the hotels that he 
owned—for those people who have a lit-tle bit of knowledge of Las Vegas, a lot of stuff is done with complimentary privileges. If you are a hotel owner, you get a lot of stuff for nothing—not Kirk Kerkorian. He would not take a comp for anything. Everything he paid for. 
One of the last times we went to a 
fight, he also would not sit ringside. He always wanted to be up away from ev-erybody. 
In 2008 he was worth $16 billion. I am 
not sure how much he was worth when he died. But he has given huge amounts of his wealth away. His job for Tony Mandekik and others was to give away the rest of his money. 
It is a sad day for me and for the peo-
ple who knew Kirk Kerkorian. He lived a good, full life. He has two daughters. He always went out of his way and paid his help well. 
I wish I had the ability to articulate 
what a wonderful human being Kirk Kerkorian was. I will always remember him. When I talk to people who know something about business, I will al-ways interject the name Kirk Kerkorian. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1889 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senator from California have 15 minutes and I have 10 minutes and that the vote be delayed until completion of the 15 min-utes and the 10 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Thank you very 
much, Mr. President. 
I thank the distinguished chairman 
for this time. I do not think I will take 15 minutes. We have worked it down. 
I join Senator M
CCAINand Ranking 
Member R EED—as well as Senator C OL-
LINS and the other cosponsors, Sen-
ators L EAHY , PAUL, KING, FLAKE , HEIN-
RICH, W HITEHOUSE , M IKULSKI , W YDEN , 
MURPHY , H IRONO , W ARNER , B ALDWIN , 
BROWN and M ARKEY —in offering an 
amendment that will help ensure the United States never again carries out coercive and abusive interrogation techniques or indefinite secret deten-tions. 
I am very pleased that the Senate 
will consider this amendment, and I urge an aye vote. 
The amendment we are offering 
today is really very simple. It applies the authorizations and restrictions for interrogations in the Army Field Man-ual to the entire U.S. Government. 
It extends what Congress did in 2005, 
by a vote of 90 to 9, with the Detainee Treatment Act—which I believe Sen-ator M
CCAINauthored—which banned 
the Department of Defense from using techniques not authorized by the Army Field Manual and also banned the gov-ernment from using cruel, inhuman, and degrading treatment or punish-
ment. 
The amendment also requires prompt 
access by the International Committee of the Red Cross to any detainee held by the U.S. Government. 
Both of these provisions are con-
sistent with United States policy for the past several years, but this amend-ment would codify these requirements into law. 
President Obama banned the use of 
coercive and abusive interrogation techniques by Executive order in his first few days in office, actually on January 22, 2009. 
That Executive order formally pro-
hibits—as a matter of policy—the use of interrogation techniques not specifi-cally authorized by the Army Field Manual on Human Intelligence Col-lector Operations. 
This amendment places that restric-
tion in law. It is long overdue. 
The amendment also codifies another 
section of President Obama’s January 2009 Executive order, requiring access by the International Committee of the Red Cross to all U.S. detainees in U.S. Government custody—access which has been historically granted by the United States and other law-abiding nations and is needed to fulfill our obligations under international law, such as the Geneva Conventions. 
It is also important to understand 
that the policies in the 2009 Executive order are only guaranteed for as long as a future President agrees to leave them in place. This amendment would codify these two provisions into law. 
Current law already bans torture, as 
well as cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment or punishment. 
However, this amendment is still 
necessary because interrogation tech-niques were able to be used, which were based on a deeply flawed legal theory, and those techniques, it was said, did not constitute ‘‘torture’’ or ‘‘cruel, in-human, or degrading treatment.’’ 
These legal opinions could be written 
again. 
In 2009, President Obama’s Executive 
Order settled the issue as formal pol-icy, and this amendment will codify a prohibition on a program that was al-ready defunct at the end of the Bush administration. 
CIA Director John Brennan has 
clearly stated that he agrees with the ban on interrogation techniques that are not in the Army Field Manual. Di-rector Brennan wrote the following to the Intelligence Committee in 2013 about the President’s 2009 Executive order: 
I want to reaffirm what I said during my 
confirmation hearing: I agree with the presi-dent’s decision, and, while I am the Director of the CIA, this program will not under any circumstances be reinitiated. I personally re-main firm in my belief that enhanced inter-rogation techniques are not an appropriate method to obtain intelligence and that their use impairs our ability to continue to play a leadership role in the world. 
Furthermore, it is important to point 
out that the Senate and the House both 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.015 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4179 June 16, 2015 
required the use of the Army Field 
Manual across the government in the fiscal year 2008 Intelligence authoriza-tion bill. Unfortunately, President Bush vetoed that legislation. 
Whatever one may think about the 
CIA’s former detention and interroga-tion program, we should all agree that there can be no turning back to the era of torture. 
Interrogation techniques that would 
together constitute torture do not work. They corrode our moral stand-ing, and ultimately they undermine any counterterrorism policies they are intended to support. 
So before I close, I ask unanimous 
consent to have printed in the R
ECORD  
a series of letters and statements in support of this amendment. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
JUNE9, 2015. 
DEARSENATOR : As retired generals and ad-
mirals who believe that American ideals are a national security asset, we urge you to support the amendment to the 2016 National Defense Authorization Act that solidifies the ban against torture and cruel treatment of detainees in U.S. custody. 
While international and domestic law, in-
cluding the 2005 Detainee Treatment Act, prohibit such cruelty, high-level officials in the Executive Branch still managed to evade congressional intent by using loophole lawyering to authorize torture and cruel treatment. We need to make sure this never happens again. The United States should have one standard for interrogating detain-ees that is effective, lawful, and humane. 
The McCain-Feinstein amendment would 
ensure lawful, effective, and humane interro-gations of individuals taken into custody by requiring all agencies and departments to comply with the time-tested requirements of the Army Field Manual (‘‘Human Intel-ligence Collector Operations’’). It would also codify existing Department of Defense (DOD) practice of guaranteeing timely notification and access to the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) for detainees taken into custody—an important bulwark against abuse. 
We strongly urge you to support this legis-
lation to help move our country towards de-cisively rejecting the use of torture or cruel treatment against detainees held in our cus-tody. 
Thank you for your commitment to up-
holding our national security and American values. 
Sincerely, 
General Joseph Hoar, USMC (Ret.); Gen-
eral Charles Krulak, USMC (Ret.); Gen-eral David M. Maddox, USA (Ret.); Lieutenant General John Castellaw, USMC (Ret.); Lieutenant General Rob-ert G. Gard, Jr., USA (Ret.); Vice Ad-miral Lee F. Gunn, USN (Ret.); Lieu-tenant General Claudia J. Kennedy, USA (Ret.); Lieutenant General Charles Otstott, USA (Ret.); Lieuten-ant General Norman R. Seip, USAF (Ret.); Vice Admiral Joe Sestak, USN (Ret.); Lieutenant General Harry E. Soyster, USA (Ret.); Lieutenant Gen-eral Keith J. Stalder, USMC (Ret.); Rear Admiral Don Guter, JAGC, USN (Ret.); Rear Admiral John D. Hutson, JAGC, USN (Ret.); Major General J. Michael Myatt, USMC (Ret.); Major General William L. Nash, USA (Ret.). 
Major General Eric T. Olson, USA (Ret.); 
Major General Thomas J. Romig, USA (Ret.); Major General Walter L. Stew-
art, Jr., USA (Ret.); Major General An-tonio M. Taguba, USA (Ret.); Brigadier General John Adams, USA (Ret.); Brig-adier General Stephen A. Cheney, USMC (Ret.); Brigadier General James P. Cullen, USA (Ret.); Brigadier Gen-eral Evelyn P. Foote, USA (Ret.); Brig-adier General Gerald E. Galloway, USA (Ret.); Brigadier General Leif H. Hendrickson, USMC (Ret.); Brigadier General David R. Irvine, USA (Ret.); Brigadier General John H. Johns, USA (Ret.); Brigadier General Murray G. Sagsveen, USA (Ret.); Brigadier Gen-eral Stephen N. Xenakis, USA (Ret.). 
[From Peaceful Tomorrows, June 10, 2015] 
SEPTEMBER 11THFAMILIES SUPPORT THE  
REINFORCEMENT OF BAN ON TORTURE  
(Posted by Katharina) 
As family members of those killed on Sep-
tember 11th we have strong opinions regard-ing torture. The use of enhanced interroga-tion techniques, or torture by another name, was wrongly justified by some as means to prevent another terrorist attack. Torture is never justified. September 11th Families for Peaceful Tomorrows applauds the legislation being offered by Senators McCain and Fein-stein to reinforce the ban on torture. Any as-sertion of torture as effective must be repu-diated. Any loophole suggesting torture as a justifiable means to security must be closed. Any ethical principle that finds torture mor-ally permissible must be challenged. 
American legislators must clearly and 
forcefully codify policy that rejects and criminalizes torture in all its forms. Only then will trust in the rule of law be restored, and the people of this nation truly safe. 
JUNE9, 2015. 
DEAR SENATOR : As intelligence and inter-
rogation professionals who have offered our collective voice opposing torture and other forms of cruel, inhuman or degrading treat-ment, we strongly encourage you to support the amendment to the 2016 National Defense Authorization Act that solidifies the ban against torture and cruel treatment of de-tainees in U.S. custody. 
While international and domestic law, in-
cluding the 2005 Detainee Treatment Act, prohibit such cruelty, sadly high-level offi-cials in the Executive Branch exploited loop-holes and still authorized torture and cruel treatment. The interrogation methods that have kept America safe for generations are sophisticated, humane, lawful, and produce reliable, actionable intelligence in any inter-rogation scenario. To promote a return to that respected level of professionalism, there must be a single well-defined standard of conduct—consistent with our values as a na-tion—across all U.S. agencies to govern the detention and interrogation of people any-where in U.S. custody. 
The amendment would ensure lawful, effec-
tive, and humane interrogations of individ-uals taken into custody by requiring all agencies and departments to comply with the time-tested requirements of the Army Field Manual (‘‘Human Intelligence Col-lector Operations’’). It would also require a review of the Army Field Manual to ensure that best practices and the most recent evi-denced-based research on humane interroga-tion are incorporated. It would also codify existing Department of Defense (DOD) prac-tice of guaranteeing timely notification and access to the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) for detainees taken into custody—an important bulwark against abuse. 
We strongly urge you to support this legis-
lation to help move our country forward and reaffirm that there is no conflict between ad-
hering to one of our nation’s essential and founding values—respect for inherent human dignity—and our ability to obtain the intel-ligence we need to protect the nation. 
Sincerely, 
Frank Anderson, CIA (Ret.); Donald 
Canestraro, DEA (Ret.); Glenn Carle, CIA (Ret.); Jack Cloonan, CIA (Ret.); Barry Eisler, Formerly CIA; Eric Fair, Formerly U.S. Army; Mark Fallon, NCIS (Ret.); Charlton Howard, NCIS (Ret.); David Irvine, Brigadier General, U.S. Army (Ret.); Timothy James, NCIS (Ret.); Steve Kleinman, Colonel, USAFR (Ret.); Marcus Lewis, Formerly U.S. Army; Brittain Mallow, Colonel, USA (Ret.); Mike Marks, NCIS (Ret.); 
Robert McFadden, NCIS (Ret.); Charles 
Mink, Formerly U.S. Army; Joe Navarro, FBI (Ret.); Torin Nelson, For-merly U.S. Army; Carissa Pastuch, Formerly U.S. Army; William Quinn, Formerly U.S. Army; Ken Robinson, U.S. Army (Ret.); Rolince, Mike, FBI (Ret.); Ed Soyster, Lieutenant General, U.S. Army (Ret.). 
COMMITTEE ON INTERNATIONAL  
JUSTICE AND PEACE , 
Washington, DC, June 10, 2015. 
U.S. S ENATE , 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR SENATOR , As deliberations over the 
FY 2016 National Defense Authorization Act continue, I write to express support for an amendment offered by Senators John McCain and Dianne Feinstein that would prohibit all U.S. government agencies and their agents from using torture as an inter-rogation technique. 
The amendment would: Require all U.S. government agencies (in-
cluding the CIA) to limit interrogation tech-niques to those set out in the Army Field 
Manual; 
Require the Army Field Manual be updated 
regularly and remain available to the public to reflect best interrogation techniques de-signed to elicit statements without the use or threat of force; and 
Require the International Committee of 
the Red Cross be given access to all detain-ees. 
These provisions are ones that the Com-
mittee on International Justice and Peace of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops have long supported in trying to ban the practice of torture by the U.S. govern-ment. 
The Army Field Manual 2–22.3 prescribes 
uniform standards for interrogating persons detained by the Department of Defense. A guiding principle of the Field Manual echoes the Golden Rule: ‘‘In attempting to deter-mine if a contemplated approach or tech-nique should be considered prohibited, and therefore should not be included in an inter-rogation plan, consider . . . if the proposed approach technique were used by the enemy against one of your fellow soldiers, would you believe the soldier had been abused?’’ (5– 76) 
The McCain-Feinstein amendment seeks to 
ensure that Army Field Manual’s standard is also the same standard used by other govern-mental agencies, including the CIA. Adher-ing to these standards and ensuring access by the International Committee of the Red Cross to visit detainees in international armed conflicts would make a substantial contribution to our nation’s efforts to up-hold our international obligations under the Geneva Conventions and the Convention Against Torture. The amendment would help restore the moral credibility of the United States. 
In Catholic teaching, torture is an intrin-
sic evil that cannot be justified under any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.016 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4180 June 16, 2015 
circumstances as it violates the dignity of 
the human person, both victim and perpe-trator, and degrades any society that toler-ates it. We urge all Senators to support the McCain-Feinstein amendment that would help to ensure that laws are enacted so that our government does not engage in torture ever again. 
Sincerely yours, 
M
OSTREVEREND OSCAR CANTU´, 
Bishop of Las Cruces, Chair, Committee on 
International Justice and Peace. 
PROTECTING U.S. S ECURITY UPHOLDING  
AMERICAN VALUES  
The United States detainee interrogation 
policy can live up to American values and, at the same time, protect our national security. This policy, supported by overwhelmingly bi-partisan legislation in 2005, states: ‘‘No indi-vidual in the custody or under the physical control of the U.S. Government, regardless of nationality or physical location, shall be subject to cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment or punishment.’’ Such principles can be attained by following the U.S. Army Field Manual on Human Intelligence Col-lector Operations. We believe these lawful, humane, and effective techniques will produce actionable intelligence while adher-ing to our founding principles. 
To ensure the integrity of this critical 
process, Congress should conduct effective, real-time oversight on America’s intel-ligence communities. Failure to live up to these internal safeguards adversely affects the nation’s security and damages America’s reputation in the world. 
Richard Armitage, Deputy Secretary of 
State, 2001–2005; Howard Berman, U.S. Congressman (D–CA), 1983–2013; David Boren, U.S. Senator (D–OK), 1979–1994, Governor of Oklahoma, 1975–1979; Har-old Brown, Secretary of Defense, 1977– 1981; David Durenberger, U.S. Senator (R–MN), 1978–1995; Lee Hamilton, U.S. Congressman (D–IN), 1965–1999; Gary Hart, U.S. Senator (D–CO), 1975–1987; Rita Hauser, Chair, International Peace Institute, 1992–Present; Carla Hills, U.S. Trade Representative, 1989– 1993; Thomas Kean, Governor of New Jersey, 1982–1990, 9/11 Commission Chairman. 
Richard C. Leone, Senior Fellow and 
former President of the Century Foun-dation; Carl Levin, U.S. Senator (D– MI), 1979–2015; Richard Lugar, U.S. Sen-ator (R–IN), 1977–2013; Robert C. McFar-lane, National Security Advisor, 1983– 1985; Donald McHenry, Ambassador to the United Nations, 1979–1981; William Perry, Secretary of Defense, 1994–1997; Charles Robb, U.S. Senator (D–VA); 1989–2001; Governor of Virginia, 1982– 1986; Ken Salazar, Secretary of the In-terior, 2009–2013, U.S. Senator (D–CO), 2005–2009; George Shultz, Secretary of State, 1982–1989; William H. Taft IV, Deputy Secretary of Defense, 1984–1989. 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION  
OFEVANGELICALS , 
Washington, DC, June 8, 2015. 
DEARSENATOR : As you authorize FY16 ap-
propriations for the Department of Defense, please approve language in an amendment to be offered by Senators McCain and Feinstein that would strengthen the prohibition of tor-ture in U.S. law and apply the Army Field Manual interrogation policies and standards to all personnel and facilities operated or controlled by our government. 
The National Association of Evangelicals 
(NAE) opposes the use of torture as a viola-tion of basic human dignity that is incom-patible with our beliefs in the sanctity of human life. The use of torture is also incon-
sistent with American values, undermines our moral standing in the world and may contribute to an environment in which cap-tured U.S. personnel are subjected to tor-ture. 
The NAE’s position is set forth in ‘‘An 
Evangelical Declaration Against Torture,’’ available at http://nae.net/an-evangelical-dec laration-against-torture/, and reaffirmed in a recent NAE statement (http://nae.net/nae-af-firms-u-s-army-prohibition-of-torture/). 
While the use of torture is currently pro-
hibited across all government agencies by executive order, this fundamental principle must be enshrined in law, to ensure that no future President may authorize the use of torture. 
We are grateful for your leadership and 
pray that God will guide you as you consider how best to defend our nation. 
Sincerely, 
L
EITH ANDERSON , 
President. 
NATIONAL COUNCIL OF CHURCHES , 
June 11, 2015. 
U.S. S ENATE , 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR SENATORS : As you consider amend-
ments to the National Defense Authorization Act, please support the McCain-Feinstein amendment on torture. The amendment would prohibit torture by requiring the CIA and other agencies to follow the guidelines in the Army Field Manual when conducting interrogations, and by ensuring that the International Committee of the Red Cross is given access to all detainees. The amend-ment also provides a means to update the Field Manual to reflect the best legal, hu-mane, and effective interrogation tech-niques. 
As Christians we believe that all people are 
created in the image of God, endowed by our Creator with an inalienable dignity and worth. Torture is a deeply degrading viola-tion of that image and to us it is never mor-ally acceptable. As the most powerful coun-try on earth, we should set an example for humane treatment of prisoners; we should never allow our nation’s practices to be used to justify torture. 
Passing the McCain-Feinstein amendment 
would strengthen the legal prohibition against torture and thereby prevent the CIA from ever resuming its torture program. Please support McCain-Feinstein and help begin to put the CIA’s brutal and degrading use of torture behind us. 
Sincerely, 
J
IMWINKLER , 
President and General Secretary. 
AMERICAN CIVIL LIBERTIES UNION; 
HUMAN RIGHTS ; NATIONAL RELI-
GIOUS CAMPAIGN AGAINST TOR-
TURE ; THECONSTITUTION PROJECT ; 
PHYSICANS FOR HUMAN RIGHTS ; 
OPEN SOCIETY POLICY CENTER ; 
THECENTER FOR VICTIMS OF TOR-
TURE  
(For Immediate Release: June 9, 2015) 
HUMAN RIGHTS GROUPS APPLAUD LEGISLATION  
REAFFIRMING U.S. P ROHIBITION ON TORTURE  
On Tuesday, June 9, 2015, Senators McCain, 
Feinstein, Reed, and Collins introduced leg-islation to make the U.S. Army Field Man-ual on Interrogations the standard for all U.S. government interrogations to make sure that the United States never uses tor-ture again. Seven human rights and civil lib-erties organizations, including the ACLU, the Center for Victims of Torture, The Con-stitution Project, Human Rights First, the National Religious Campaign Against Tor-ture, the Open Society Policy Center, and Physicians for Human Rights, announced 
their strong support for the legislation via the joint statement below. 
W
ASHINGTON , DC.—We applaud Senators 
McCain, Feinstein, Reed and Collins for of-fering bipartisan legislation to ensure that the United States never uses torture again. Senator McCain’s prior legislation (the De-tainee Treatment Act) was approved by the Senate in 2005 with strong bipartisan support and was a positive game-changer by man-dating among other things that interroga-tions conducted by all Department of De-fense personnel had to follow the U.S. Army Field Manual on Interrogation (the Interro-gation Manual). The McCain-Feinstein amendment extends and improves the De-tainee Treatment Act by making the Inter-rogation Manual the standard for all U.S. government interrogations, and by man-dating that the Manual be reviewed and up-dated regularly to insure that it reflects the very best evidence-based interrogation prac-tices and complies with all U.S. legal obliga-tions. The McCain-Feinstein amendment also requires that the International Com-mittee of the Red Cross have access to every prisoner in U.S. custody no matter where or by whom they are held. 
We believe that the CIA’s ‘‘enhanced inter-
rogation’’ techniques and ‘‘black sites’’ were clearly illegal under the law that existed on 9/11, under the 2005 Detainee Treatment Act and also under the relevant provisions of the 2006 Military Commissions Act. But the over-whelming evidence that has emerged of shocking brutality employed by the CIA not-withstanding these laws—including waterboarding, nudity, stress positions, sleep deprivation, forced rectal feeding, beatings and other abuses—demonstrates that addi-tional protections are still essential. Had the McCain-Feinstein amendment been in place following the 9/11 attacks we believe it would have significantly bolstered other prohibi-tions on torture and made it far more dif-ficult, if not impossible, for the CIA to estab-lish and operate their torture program. Among other things, the Interrogation Man-ual explicitly prohibits waterboarding, forced nudity and other forms of torture em-ployed by the CIA and it specifies that only interrogation methods that are expressly de-
scribed in the Interrogation Manual are per-mitted. In addition, under the McCain-Fein-stein legislation no prisoner could have been hidden away at CIA ‘‘black sites’’ without access to the Red Cross. 
More can and should be done to pursue ac-
countability for past brutal and illegal inter-rogations and to improve the Interrogation Manual. But the McCain-Feinstein Amend-ment is a vital and welcome step toward en-suring that the United States never again uses torture. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. I ask my col-
leagues to support this amendment, and by doing so, we can recommit our-selves to the fundamental precept that the United States does not torture— without exception and without equivo-cation—and ensure that the mistakes of our past are never again repeated in the future. 
I ask for a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I yield the 
floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.004 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4181 June 16, 2015 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask my 
colleagues to, if they wish, disregard my statement with the exception of the statement by GEN David Petraeus. I don’t know of a military leader who is more respected in America and throughout the world than GEN David Petraeus. I don’t have to remind my colleagues that he was the commander of U.S. forces in Iraq and Afghanistan and Director of the CIA. He arguably has more experience dealing with for-eign detainee issues across the U.S. Government than any other American. These are the words of GEN David Petraeus: 
I strongly support the extension of the pro-
visions of the U.S. Army Field Manual that currently govern the actions of the U.S. military to all U.S. Government personnel and contractors. Our Nation has paid a high price in recent decades for the information gained by the use of techniques beyond those in the field manual, and in my view, that price far outweighed the value of the infor-mation gained through the use of techniques beyond those in the manual. 
I urge my colleagues to listen to the 
words of David Petraeus. 
Here is a letter I received this month 
from former intelligence interrogation professionals, the U.S. military, the CIA, and the FBI. Here is an excerpt from the letter they sent to me this month: 
As intelligence and interrogation profes-
sionals who have offered our collective voice opposing torture and other forms of cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment, we strong-ly encourage you to support the amendment. . . . The interrogation methods that have kept America safe for generations are so-phisticated, humane, lawful and produce re-liable, actionable intelligence in any interro-gation scenario. To promote a return to that respected level of professionalism, there must be a single well-defined standard of conduct—consistent with our values as a na-tion—across all U.S. agencies to govern the detention and interrogation of people any-where in U.S. custody. 
This is supported by some of our 
most experienced military leaders. They expressed their views in a letter I received this month, 30 of whom are re-tired, including a former Commandant of the Marine Corps, former com-mander of Centcom, former com-mander and chief of U.S. Army Eu-rope—they wrote the following: 
This amendment not only solidifies Amer-
ica’s stance against torture and other forms of cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment. It also ensures that interrogation methods used by all U.S. personnel are professional and re-flect the government’s best practices. In that way, we not only ensure that these interro-gations are humane and lawful, but also that they produce reliable intelligence on which we depend if we are to fight and win against the current terrorist threat. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have printed in the R ECORD the 
letter from those individuals dated June 9, 2015. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
JUNE9, 2015. 
DEAR SENATOR : As intelligence and inter-
rogation professionals who have offered our collective voice opposing torture and other 
forms of cruel, inhuman or degrading treat-ment, we strongly encourage you to support the amendment to the 2016 National Defense Authorization Act that solidifies the ban against torture and cruel treatment of de-tainees in U.S. custody. 
While international and domestic law, in-
cluding the 2005 Detainee Treatment Act, prohibit such cruelty, sadly high-level offi-cials in the Executive Branch exploited loop-holes and still authorized torture and cruel treatment. The interrogation methods that have kept America safe for generations are sophisticated, humane, lawful, and produce reliable, actionable intelligence in any inter-rogation scenario. To promote a return to that respected level of professionalism, there must be a single well-defined standard of conduct—consistent with our values as a na-
tion—across all U.S. agencies to govern the detention and interrogation of people any-where in U.S. custody. 
The amendment would ensure lawful, effec-
tive, and humane interrogations of individ-uals taken into custody by requiring all agencies and departments to comply with the time-tested requirements of the Army Field Manual (‘‘Human Intelligence Col-lector Operations’’). It would also require a review of the Army Field Manual to ensure that best practices and the most recent evi-denced-based research on humane interroga-tion are incorporated. It would also codify existing Department of Defense (DOD) prac-tice of guaranteeing timely notification and access to the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) for detainees taken into custody—an important bulwark against abuse. 
We strongly urge you to support this legis-
lation to help move our country forward and reaffirm that there is no conflict between ad-hering to one of our nation’s essential and founding values—respect for inherent human dignity—and our ability to obtain the intel-ligence we need to protect the nation. 
Sincerely, 
Frank Anderson, CIA (Ret.); Donald 
Canestraro, DEA (Ret.); Glenn Carle, CIA (Ret.); Jack Cloonan, CIA (Ret.); Barry Eisler, Formerly CIA; Eric Fair, Formerly U.S. Army; Mark Fallon, NCIS (Ret.); Charlton Howard, NCIS (Ret.); David Irvine, Brigadier General, U.S. Army (Ret.); Tim-othy James, NCIS (Ret.); Steve Kleinman, Colonel, USAFR (Ret.); Marcus Lewis, For-merly U.S. Army; Brittain Mallow, Colonel, USA (Ret.); Mike Marks, NCIS (Ret.); Robert McFadden, NCIS (Ret.); Charles Mink, For-merly U.S. Army; Joe Navarro, FBI (Ret.); Torin Nelson, Formerly U.S. Army; Carissa Pastuch, Formerly U.S. Army; William Quinn, Formerly U.S. Army; Ken Robinson, U.S. Army (Ret.); Rolince, Mike, FBI (Ret.); Ed Soyster, Lieutenant General, U.S. Army (Ret.). 
Mr. M CCAIN. In a letter this month, 
the National Association of Evangelicals wrote the following in support of this amendment: 
While the use of torture is currently pro-
hibited across all government agencies by executive order, this fundamental principle must be enshrined in law to ensure that no future President may authorize the use of torture. 
Again, that is from the National As-
sociation of Evangelicals. 
The Committee on International Jus-
tice and Peace at the United States Conference of the Catholic Bishops wrote the following in support of the amendment: 
In Catholic teaching, torture is an intrin-
sic evil that cannot be justified under any circumstances as it violates the dignity of 
the human person, both victim and perpe-trator, and degrades any society that toler-ates it. We urge all Senators to support the McCain-Feinstein amendment that would help to ensure that laws are enacted so that our government does not engage in torture 
ever again. 
I respect the dedication and services 
of those charged with protecting this country. For 14 years, America’s secu-rity professionals in the military, in-telligence community, and beyond have lived every day with a dogged de-termination to protect their fellow Americans. But at the same time, we must continue to insist that the meth-ods we employ in this fight for peace and freedom must always be as right and honorable as the goals and ideals we fight for. 
I believe past interrogation policies 
compromised our values, stained our national honor, and did little practical good. I don’t believe we should have employed such practices in the past, and we should never permit them in the future. This amendment provides greater assurances that never again will the United States follow that dark path of sacrificing our values for our short-term security needs. 
I also know that such practices don’t 
work. I know from personal experience that the abuse of prisoners does not produce good, reliable intelligence. Victims of torture will offer inten-tionally misleading information if they think their captors will believe it. 
I firmly believe that all people, even 
captured enemies, possess basic human rights which are protected by inter-national standards often set by Amer-ica’s past leaders. Our enemies act without conscience. We must not. Let’s reassert the contrary proposition that it is essential to our success in this war that we ask those who fight it for us to remember at all times that they are defending a sacred ideal of how nations should be governed and should remem-ber this when they conduct their rela-tions with others, even our enemies. 
Those of us who give them this duty 
are obliged by history, by our Nation’s highest ideals and the many terrible sacrifices made to protect them, and by our respect for human dignity to make clear that we need not risk our na-tional honor to prevail in this or any war. We need only remember in the worst of times, through the chaos and terror of war, when facing cruelty, suf-fering, and loss, that we are always Americans and different, stronger, and better than those who would destroy us. 
I yield the remainder of my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I stand as 
a very proud cosponsor, along with Senator M
CCAIN and Senator F EIN-
STEIN , on this amendment. I particu-
larly wish to commend both Senator F
EINSTEIN and Senator M CCAINbecause 
they have really been the leaders in this Senate and in this country in ex-pressing our fundamental values when 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.019 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4182 June 16, 2015 
it comes to the techniques we employ 
for those we detain in combat zones. Both their words and personal example have set an extraordinary standard for 
us to respond to, and this amendment is typical of what they have done. It would codify the terms of President Obama’s Executive order 13491 that ap-plies to the Army Field Manual on in-terrogations not only for the U.S. mili-tary but also for the interrogation of detainees by other U.S. Government agencies. 
What I think is so critical to this de-
bate, this amendment, and the service of these two Senators is that the hu-mane treatment standard we set for those who are in our custody also serves to protect our men and women if they fall into the hands of our oppo-nents. We then can say with complete sincerity and complete fidelity that we demand our troops receive humane treatment when in the custody of hos-tile forces because that is what we do. When we deviate from that standard, we imperil the safety and lives of our men and women in uniform who may fall into hostile hands. 
As we adhere to these standards, we 
are not only setting a very high bar for the treatment of those whom we may hold, but we are innately protecting the safety, health, welfare, and well- being of those who serve in the uniform of the United States, and for that rea-son in particular, I commend the spon-sors of this amendment and urge all of my colleagues to support it. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
thank both Senator M
CCAINand Sen-
ator R EEDfor their remarks. I particu-
larly wish to thank Senator M CCAIN, 
whose life experience, for me, has been a guidepost. I don’t know anyone in this body who is more standup—and can sometimes be more stubborn, but this all comes into play as an impor-tant thing—and stands for the real, true, major issues this country faces. 
I will never forget a conversation I 
had with him on the plane back from Guantanamo. When he spoke in the Kennedy Caucus Room and used the tap language he learned as a prisoner of war in Vietnam and to see this man, so many years since that time, tap out messages that were meant for prison mates in other cells with such speed and alacrity certainly indicated that this was a very deep impression which was made on his life. I think the fact that he has shared that with others, in-cluding me, is very important. 
I want Senator M
CCAINto know how 
much I appreciate his work on this and how grateful we are for his service to this country. He has unique courage and unique stamina, and maybe that is just all-American. Again, I thank the Senator from Arizona very much for his work, and the same for Senator R
EED, the ranking member on this 
committee. Senator R EEDis military- 
American through and through. Having his support has been terrific. Again, I thank both of them very 
much. It was a pleasure to work with both of my colleagues, and I hope this passes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I thank 
Senator F EINSTEIN for her very kind 
words and her friendship and leader-ship. I hope that in return for all of this, she will send back all the water to Arizona that California has stolen from our State. My beloved former col-league, Senator Barry Goldwater, used to say that in Arizona, we had so little water that the trees chased the dogs, so we would like to get the water back from California, and I hope that can be part of the wonderful friendship we have enjoyed now for many years. 
I thank the Senator from California. I yield the floor. Mr. President, I yield back all time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, all time is yielded back. 
Under the previous order, the ques-
tion is on agreeing to amendment No. 1889, offered by the Senator from Cali-fornia, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN . 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask for 
the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 78, 
nays 21, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 209 Leg.] 
YEAS—78 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Feinstein Flake Franken 
Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Rounds Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—21 
Barrasso Blunt Coats Cochran Cornyn Cotton Crapo Ernst 
Fischer Graham Hatch Inhofe Lankford Lee McConnell 
Risch Roberts Sasse Scott Sessions Vitter 
NOT VOTING—1 
Rubio 
The amendment (No. 1889) was agreed 
to. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
CRUZ). The Senator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I rise for 
a special request. I just returned from 
a military trip overseas with four other Members just a matter of minutes ago to find out that the two amendments that I was trying to get pending—and I would really settle for just one of those two. I was not here when all of these UCs were made and the arrangements were put together between the parties. 
So I ask the leader on the other 
side—or the handler on the other side, Senator J
ACK REED—if he would con-
sider a waiver of his commitment to allow me to bring up one of these to get in the queue. 
I yield to the Senator. Mr. REED. To the Senator from 
Oklahoma, we have been trying to move forward on an equal basis in terms of pending amendments. At this juncture, I am not able to agree to make another amendment pending. 
There is a possibility that we spoke 
about, briefly, of including these amendments in the manager’s package or, since it is germane, of trying to ar-range for consideration after cloture, along with another germane amend-ment. So at this point I would not be prepared to— 
Mr. INHOFE. Regaining the floor, I 
would only say to my good friend that as the second ranking member on the Armed Services Committee, I have talked about these for a long time. I tried to do them before I left for 4 days on business. Also, Senator M
IKULSKI is 
my cosponsor on amendment No. 1728. 
So I have to make a motion to lay 
the pending amendment aside for the purpose of consideration of amendment No. 1728. 
Mr. REED. Have you made the mo-
tion? 
Mr. INHOFE. I just did. Mr. REED. I would object. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to lay the pending business aside for the purpose of con-sidering the Inhofe-Mikulski com-missary amendment No. 1728. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, at this 
time, I object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I wish to 
make a comment, because first, this is something beyond anyone’s control. No one could have controlled this. We had four Members who were gone. It couldn’t be helped. We were on busi-ness. 
I have 41 amendments, almost equal-
ly divided, Democrat and Republican, on an issue that is probably the most significant issue to the spouses of our kids who are over there, overseas. What it does is that it lets us do an as-sessment before we close any of the commissaries—not close them but pri-vatize them, instead of privatizing them and then seeing how it works. I think we have a vast majority of peo-ple who do support that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.020 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4183 June 16, 2015 
It is something that is offered on a 
bipartisan basis, and it is something that a lot of people—over 100 organiza-tions are sponsoring this amendment— spoke very strongly in support of and consider this amendment to be the most significant amendment in the ev-eryday lives of our troops. Anyone who travels overseas and travels to these various areas knows that when they go through a commissary, they see—par-ticularly in areas where there are no other opportunities out there—that there is almost no competition. It is something like a club. It is something that the wives, the husbands, the fami-lies, and the kids do. They go to the commissary. Taking that away would be taking away a tradition. 
Again, the bill doesn’t state that it 
goes away, but it does temporarily pri-vatize five major commissaries. Now, when that happens, you have started the ball rolling. And the bill also states—and we discussed this in com-mittee—that this gives us time to look and evaluate to see whether we want to privatize them. 
So everyone who is on here as a co-
sponsor has made the statement: Why don’t we find out first. 
So that is all we want to do—instead 
of closing or transferring five and then finding out whether we did the right thing, go ahead and have the study and then go ahead and proceed however we think is in the best interest. 
So it is a very serious amendment. 
I ask unanimous consent to set aside 
the pending business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. REED. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from New York. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1578 
Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I 
rise to urge my colleagues to support my amendment No. 1578, the Military Justice Improvement Act, to ensure that survivors of military sexual as-sault have access to an unbiased, trained, military judicial system. 
Last year, despite the support of 55 
Senators, a coalition spanning the en-tire ideological spectrum, including both the majority and minority leader, our bill to create an independent mili-tary justice system free of inherent bi-ases and conflicts of interest within the chain of command was filibustered by this body. 
But as we said then: We will not walk 
away. The brave men and women in uniform who are defending this Nation deserve a vote. That is our duty. It is our oversight role. It is Congress’s re-sponsibility to act as if the brave sur-vivors of sexual assault are our sons, our daughters, our husbands, our wives, who are being betrayed by the greatest military on Earth. We owe them that at the very least. 
Over the last few years, Congress has 
forced the military to make many in-cremental changes to address this cri-sis. And after two decades of complete failure and lip service to zero toler-
ance, the military now says, essen-tially: Trust us this time; we have it. 
They misrepresent data to claim that 
their mission is accomplished, but when you dig below the service of their 
top lines, you will find that the assault rate is exactly where it was in 2010—an average of 52 cases every single day— and 3 out of 4 servicemember survivors still don’t think it is worth the risk of coming forward to report crimes com-mitted against them. 
Seventy-five percent don’t trust the 
current system. One in seven victims was assaulted by someone in their chain of command. And in 60 percent of the cases, a supervisor or unit leader is responsible for either sexual harass-ment or sexual discrimination. This is not the climate our military deserves. It is no surprise, then, that one in three survivors believes that reporting would hurt their career. 
For those who do report, they are 
more likely than not to experience re-taliation. Despite a much touted re-form that made retaliation a crime, the DOD made zero progress on improv-ing the 62-percent retaliation rate that we had in 2012. 
According to a Human Rights Watch 
report, the DOD cannot provide a sin-gle example of serious disciplinary ac-tion taken against those who retali-ated against a victim of sexual assault. A sexual assault survivor is 12 times more likely to suffer retaliation than to see their offender get convicted of a sex offense. 
In my close review of 107 cases—from 
the largest domestic military bases and one from each service—in 2013, I found that nearly half of those who did move forward and report ended up dropping out of their cases. Survivors still have little faith in this system. Under any metric the system remains plagued with distrust and does not provide the fair and just process that our men and women in the military deserve. 
Simply put, the military has not held 
up to the standard posed by General Dempsey 1 year ago when he said: 
We are on the clock, if you will . . . the 
President said to us in December, you’ve got about a year to review this thing . . . and if we haven’t been able to demonstrate we are making a difference, you know, then we de-serve to be held to the scrutiny and stand-ard. 
I urge my colleagues to hold the 
military to that higher standard. Enough is enough with the spin, with the excuses, and the false promises. 
Just yesterday I received a letter 
from a survivor of military sexual as-sault who is serving Active Duty. She says: 
The reason I am writing on her behalf is 
because I fear she will be retaliated against for speaking out. 
While the military is on the Hill lobbying 
Senators not to support the Military Justice Improvement Act (MJIA), I am asking you to take a stand with survivors and their fam-ilies. 
These military lobbyists have good inten-
tions; however, I am doubtful any of them will represent my perspective. I have experienced the anguish of a child 
who has been raped by another servicemem-ber, a fellow brother-in-arms whom she should have been able to trust. 
Please support the Military Justice Im-
provement Act, a commonsense law that sig-nificantly improves the military justice sys-tem. Our military sons and daughters who survive these heinous crimes carry high rates of post-traumatic stress disorder and suicide. I believe that if the MJIA is passed, it could save lives and will positively affect the lives of survivors, both victims and their families. 
No one should have to worry about retalia-
tion from their chain of command when they report these crimes. Retaliation happens so often that a majority of these assaults go unreported. Every military victim of sexual assault deserves due process, professional treatment by a trained military individual, and equal opportunity to seek and receive justice. 
Our military has promised improvement 
and has had adequate time in which to im-prove, but the numbers show that the mili-tary has failed to live up to its promise. 
The Department of Defense has admitted 
that it made no progress since 2012. It is time for the chain of command to be removed from decision-making in sexual assault cases and replaced by those trained, non-biased military personnel, educated in the law and experienced in handling sexual assault cases. 
Further, MJIA specifically carves out sex-
ual assault and other serious crimes, with the remainder of military crimes being left in the chain of command. 
Please hold the military to a higher stand-
ard by voting yes to an unbiased military system, promoted in MJIA. 
We have to listen to our victims, our 
survivors, the men and women who give their lives to this country, who will sacrifice anything for this coun-try. America’s military, if they do these reforms, will have fewer dan-gerous criminals and far more heroes. The brave men and women we send to war to keep us safe deserve nothing less than a justice system equal to their sacrifice. By listening to the vic-tims, we can deliver that. 
I urge everyone here to listen to our 
brave survivors, support our bill, and do the right thing. 
I would now like to yield the floor to 
one of the authors of the Military Jus-tice Improvement Act, the Senator from Iowa. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I 
thank Senator G
ILLIBRAND for her lead-
ership in this area over a long period of time, and I add my voice to the support of her amendment. She has been a great leader on the issue. As you can see, she has a lot of passion in her dog-ged pursuit of justice. 
Last year, when I spoke in favor of 
this measure, I made the point this was not a new issue that required further study or incremental reforms. We had been hearing promises for years and years that there would be zero toler-ance and a real crackdown on military sexual assault. Last year, the National Defense Authorization Act included a lot of commonsense reforms, but it did not include any fundamental reform of the military justice system. We were told to give these new adjustments to the current system a chance to work and come back next year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.021 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4184 June 16, 2015 
At the time, I made the point that we 
had already tried working within the current system to no avail. I am not one to advocate for major sweeping re-form if less will address the problem, but what we have been doing has not worked. 
Last year, after Congress passed the 
package of more modest reforms but not our Military Justice Improvement Act amendment, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Dempsey, said: ‘‘We have been given about a year to demonstrate both that we will treat this with the urgency it deserves and that we can turn the trend lines in a more positive direction.’’ He made clear that if we didn’t see real progress, he wouldn’t stand in the way of more major reforms. Well, we have not seen significant movement. 
In terms of the number of sexual as-
sault cases and the shocking rate of re-taliation against those who report, we simply don’t see progress. That is prob-ably because the current system is part of the problem. The fact that victims of sexual assault cannot turn to an independent system to get justice, combined with the very real fear of re-taliation, acts as a terrible deterrent to reporting sexual assault. If sexual assault cases are not reported, they then cannot be prosecuted. If sexual as-sault isn’t prosecuted, it leads to pred-ators remaining in the military and a perception that this sort of activity is going to be tolerated. 
By allowing this situation to con-
tinue, we are putting at risk the men and women who have volunteered to place their lives on the line. We are also seriously damaging military mo-rale and readiness. 
Taking prosecutions out of the hands 
of commanders and giving them to pro-fessional prosecutors who are inde-pendent of the chain of command will help ensure impartial justice for the men and women of our Armed Forces. This would in no way take away the ability of commanders to punish troops under their command for military in-fractions. Commanders also can and should be held accountable for the cli-mate under their command, but the point here is the sexual assault is a law enforcement matter, not a military one. 
This isn’t some reform that came out 
of the blue either. We have an advisory committee appointed by the Secretary of Defense himself which came out in support of reforms. On September 27, 2013, the Defense Advisory Committee on Women in the Services—which goes by the acronym DACOWITS—voted overwhelmingly in support of each of the components of the Military Justice Improvement Act amendment. 
DACOWITS was created way back in 
1951 by then-Secretary of Defense George C. Marshall. The committee is composed of civilian and retired mili-tary men and women who are ap-pointed by the Secretary of Defense to provide advice and recommendations on matters and policies relating to the recruitment and retention, treatment, 
employment, integration, and well- being of highly qualified professional women in the Armed Forces. Histori-cally, this committee’s recommenda-tions have been very instrumental in effecting changes to laws and policies pertaining to military women. 
The bottom line is, this isn’t some 
advocacy group or fly-by-night panel. It is a longstanding advisory com-mittee handpicked by the Secretary of Defense and it supports the substance of our amendment to a tee. 
We have tried reforming the current 
system and it didn’t work. When we are talking about something as serious and life-altering as sexual assault, we can-not afford to wait any longer. So I urge my colleagues to join us in supporting this amendment. 
As we approach this from the out-
side, it gives me an opportunity to reit-erate what I see so wrong in so many bureaucracies. We are always promised change, but as I have looked back over a couple or three decades of this prob-lem of the culture of the various bu-reaucracies, nothing really happens from within. It has to happen from without. In this particular case of na-tional defense being the No. 1 responsi-bility of the Federal Government, this change has to happen from without be-cause it hasn’t happened from within, regardless of the promises. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Missouri. 
Mrs. M
CCASKILL. Mr. President, last 
year we gathered here to debate this issue, and I think it is really important to point out that everyone in this body has the same heart when it comes to this issue; that is, that we want to make sure victims who are assaulted in our military are protected and sup-ported, that the system is highly trained and professional, and that per-petrators have due process but also are put in prison if the system finds them guilty. This difference is an honest pol-icy difference over which system would better accomplish those goals. 
Now, we have agreed on so much, I 
think it is important to point out the work the Congress has done reforming sexual assault in the military. Last year, we had over 26 different provi-sions that were enacted into law. This year, we haven’t stopped. We have 13 more provisions in this piece of legisla-tion. There is simply a disagreement over which system would protect vic-tims better. 
There have been historic reforms, 
such as commanders having been stripped from their ability to overturn convictions. They are being held ac-countable under rigorous new stand-ards and oversight. Every victim who reports now gets their own independent lawyer to protect their rights and fight for their interests. It is now a crime for any member to retaliate against a vic-
tim who reports a sexual assault. The ‘‘good soldier’’ defense has been re-moved, along with dozens and dozens more. Yes, there were panels that looked at 
this issue, as the one just referenced by my colleague from Iowa—DACOWITS. They heard no testimony from expert witnesses. They heard a brief presen-tation by myself and Senator G
ILLI-
BRAND , but they didn’t spend days on 
it; whereas, the system’s response panel, put in place by this Congress, spent weeks and weeks examining this and heard from dozens and dozens of 
witnesses from every side of the issue. By the way, this panel was made up of a majority of civilians—the majority of them women—and it voted overwhelm-ingly to reject an approach that re-moves commanders from their respon-sibility and their duties and, therefore, their accountability. 
One of the members of this Commis-
sion, the woman who runs the victims center at the Department of Justice for the entire country, said: ‘‘I went into this thinking Senator G
ILLIBRAND ’s 
legislation made sense . . . but when you hear the facts, it doesn’t hold up.’’ 
She was joined by the liberal icon—a 
feminist icon—Elizabeth Holtzman, who was the author of the rape shield statute in the Congress when she served as a Representative. She, too, spoke out, saying that once she under-stood the system and understood the facts, she agreed that keeping com-manders accountable was crucial. 
Now, have we seen progress? It is one 
thing to have anecdotal information, it is another to have a statistically valid survey. The same survey that shows re-taliation is still a stubborn problem that we can’t give up on also shows some very important data. So if you are going to argue retaliation is a con-tinuing problem, you are relying on the very same survey that tells us the fol-lowing: incidents are down—that is meaningful progress—dropping 29 per-cent just in the last 2 years. Reporting continues to go up, which was our stat-ed goal as we began these reforms. Re-ports are up 70 percent from 2012. Back in 2012, only 1 in 10 victims were re-porting. We have that down to one in four. That is not spin, that is fact. These victims are coming forward be-cause they have renewed confidence they will have support, they will get good information, and that the system is not stacked against them. 
Increased reporting occurred in all 
categories. The number of unrestricted reports are up, restricted reports are up, and, importantly, the number of re-ports that victims converted from re-stricted to unrestricted. 
Furthermore, they went around the 
country and did focus groups with vic-tims. This was RAND. This wasn’t the military, this wasn’t the Department of Justice, this was the RAND Corpora-tion—well known for its ability to do statistical information—that went around the country and did focus groups—11 different focus groups—on different bases with just victims and asked victims to come forward and par-ticipate in the survey. 
In that survey—and this is really im-
portant—82 percent agreed their unit 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.023 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4185 June 16, 2015 
commander supported them, 73 percent 
were satisfied with their unit com-mander’s response, and 73 percent said they would recommend others report if they were a victim of sexual assault. 
And this is really important: The 
Gillibrand amendment does nothing to combat retaliation. The recent RAND survey found that the majority of re-ported retaliation does not come from commanders; it comes from peers. This is a cultural problem we have to get after, and certainly I would stand ready to work with Senator G
ILLI-
BRAND , Senator G RASSLEY , and all of 
my colleagues to look to see what we have to do to get at this peer-to-peer retaliation, which is the vast majority of what was reported. 
Finally, the Gillibrand amendment 
actually weakens punishment for the crime of retaliation. By moving retal-iation from article 92 to article 93 of the UCMJ, it would actually reduce the maximum punishment for this crime, and it, finally, prohibits the resources necessary to get at this problem. The amendment says we cannot add any ad-ditional resources to get after this. 
Historic reforms have been made. 
They are working, based on data. Talk-ing to dozens and dozens of prosecutors and untold victims, as a former sex crimes prosecutor who cares about nothing more than taking care of vic-tims and making sure they have due process and are respected and deferred to, I must urge this body to reject the 
Gillibrand approach, which removes commanders from being held account-able where they must be held account-able. 
Mr. President, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on 
the Gillibrand amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New York. 
Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I 
wish to respond to the last point and the first point that my colleague made that somehow this reform makes com-manders less responsible. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is advised that all time for debate has expired. 
Mrs. GILLIBRAND. I ask unanimous 
consent to continue the debate for 5 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, 
this statement that somehow com-manders are removed from responsi-bility and that we are not keeping commanders responsible, that couldn’t be further from the truth. Today, com-manders are the only ones responsible for good order and discipline at every level. The unit commander is respon-sible for order and discipline. Every as-pect of the chain of command is re-sponsible. It is their jobs to train troops, to maintain good order and dis-cipline, to prevent rapes and crimes from being committed under their command, and to punish retaliation. They have failed in that duty. 
In this chain of command, 97 percent 
of commanders are responsible and do not have the convening authority we 
would like to give to prosecutors—97 percent, their job doesn’t change one iota. 
So to say you are making com-
manders less responsible is a false statement that has no bearing. In fact, they are 100 percent responsible for good order and discipline, for training their troops, to prevent these rapes, and to prosecute retaliation. In 1 year—they have been on notice for years about this, 25 years, and we have this zero tolerance. They are super on notice now—in 1 year, not one prosecu-tion of retaliation. 
This guy can prosecute retaliation 
under article 15. This guy can do some-thing about retaliation. This guy, this guy, this guy. Only 3 percent have the right to convening authority, and that 3 percent needs to be moved to some-one who is actually a lawyer, who is trained, who knows how to weigh evi-dence and can make the right decision, and that is not what is happening today. 
So right now this supervisor and unit 
leader—in 60 percent of the cases where there is alleged gender discrimination or sexual harassment, it is the unit leader. One in seven of the alleged rap-ists is one of these commanders—chain of command. 
There is a perspective by a survivor 
that this chain of command ‘‘does not have my back.’’ So I would like to give it to another chain of command—sen-ior military prosecutors—to make this decision, so her perspective can be: Someone has my back. This chain of command may well be tainted for her if her unit commander is harassing her and her rapist is in the chain of com-mand. We need to professionalize the system. 
We are trying to make the military 
the best prosecutorial system in the world, and they can do this mission. We need to give them the tools, and having this current status quo—the status quo that has been in charge of no retaliation and no rape for 25 years—is failing. To have the same rate of retaliation we had 2 years ago when the commanders said: You must trust us to do this—every one of these com-manders does not have convening au-thority, but every one of these com-manders could have stopped retalia-tion. 
When you say it is just peer-to-peer, 
it is dishonest. Thirty percent of the cases of retaliation are administrative, 30 percent of the cases are professional. Only a commander can administer ad-ministrative or professional retalia-tion. 
This culture must change, and if Con-
gress doesn’t take their responsibility to hold the Department of Defense ac-countable, no one will. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, the fis-
cal year 2015 NDAA passed last year in-cluded 34 new provisions dealing with sexual assault. Commanders have bare-
ly had time to implement these provi-sions, let alone assess their effective-ness. 
The fiscal year 2014 NDAA included 
more than 50 individual provisions, the most comprehensive set of changes to the Uniform Code of Military Justice since 1968. 
Cumulative, the last three NDAAs in-
cluded 71 sections of law containing more than 100 unique requirements, in-cluding 16 congressional reporting re-quirements. This year’s bill builds on that progress with 12 military justice provisions, including every proposal that was offered by Senator G
ILLI-
BRAND during the committee’s markup 
of this legislation. 
It is true that sexual assaults have 
been reduced. That is a fact. That is a fact. So to somehow allege that noth-ing has been done—her proposal is re-jected by literally every member of the military whom I know who has years of experience. 
We cannot remove the commanding 
officer from the chain of command, and that is what Senator G
ILLIBRAND ’s 
amendment and effort has been—to re-move the commanding officer from re-sponsibility—and I will steadfastly op-pose it. 
I hope that at some point the Sen-
ator from New York would acknowl-edge that we took in this bill every provision that she offered during the markup of the legislation. 
So with respect and appreciation for 
Senator G
ILLIBRAND ’s passion and for 
her dedication on this issue, I respect-fully disagree and urge my colleagues to reject this amendment. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT —ORDER OF  
PROCEDURE  
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the manda-tory quorum call with respect to the cloture vote on the substitute amend-ment No. 1463 be waived; further, that there be 2 minutes of debate, equally divided, prior to each vote in the 2:15 p.m. series. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:37 p.m., 
recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016—Continued 
AMENDMENT NO . 1549 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will be 2 min-utes of debate equally divided prior to a vote on amendment No. 1549, offered 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.024 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4186 June 16, 2015 
by the Senator from Arizona, Mr. 
MCCAIN, for the Senator from Iowa, 
Mrs. E RNST . 
The Senator from Iowa. Mrs. ERNST. Will the Chair notify 
me after 30 seconds? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator will be so notified. 
Mrs. ERNST. I thank the Presiding 
Officer. 
Colleagues, just a few brief points on 
this amendment. 
We are just providing the administra-
tion the option to get arms directly to the Kurds. The Kurds currently are providing refuge to over 1.6 million ref-ugees from Iraq and Syria. Many of them are ethnic and religious minori-ties, such as Christians. 
The Peshmerga have shown the abil-
ity to be effective on the battlefield against ISIS. This Ernst-Boxer amend-ment is a companion bill to the one presented by Representatives R
OYCE  
and E NGEL in the House. 
I urge my colleague to support this 
amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator has used 30 seconds. 
Mrs. ERNST. I yield to Senator 
BOXER . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California is recognized. 
Mrs. BOXER. I thank the Presiding 
Officer. 
Mr. President, I am very proud to 
team up with the good Senator because this is a very modest amendment that just puts us in line with our colleagues: the United Kingdom, Germany, Tur-key, Canada, France, Australia, and others who already are directly arming the Kurds. 
Now, the President’s policy that I ab-
solutely support is we are going to take this fight to ISIS, but we are not going to have combat boots on the ground; we are going to help strategi-cally with airstrikes. 
These are the people who are taking 
it day after day—deaths and blood and wounds. The least we can do is support this amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
The Senator from Rhode Island. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I oppose 
the Ernst amendment. It would under-mine what has been the fundamental policy of the United States going back into the last administration: a unified, sovereign Iraq. This amendment would send a signal to the Iraqis that we are supporting the Kurds directly, not sup-porting a unified, sovereign Iraq. That would complicate our efforts against ISIL. It would complicate our efforts in the region. 
Also, it is the situation now where 
the effort is shifting into Anbar Prov-ince in the Sunni areas. We are sup-porting the Kurds. In fact, Prime Min-ister Barzani was here a few weeks ago and indicated that he was at least ac-cepting of the arrangements, which I think were appropriate. 
If this amendment passes, the percep-
tion will be that the United States is now not trying to unify or help the 
Iraqis unify but put a degree of separa-tion between an autonomy, and that would be a mistake. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question occurs on agreeing to the amendment. 
Mrs. ERNST. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 54, 
nays 45, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 210 Leg.] 
YEAS—54 
Ayotte 
Barrasso Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Collins Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski 
Paul Peters Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Schatz Scott Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wyden 
NAYS—45 
Alexander Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Cochran Coons Corker Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Flake 
Franken Gillibrand Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Perdue Reed Reid Sanders Schumer Sessions Shaheen Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker 
NOT VOTING—1 
Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1578 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will be 2 min-utes of debate equally divided prior to a vote on amendment No. 1578, offered by the Senator from Rhode Island, Mr. R
EED, for the Senator from New York, 
Mrs. G ILLIBRAND . 
The Senator from New York. Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I 
rise to urge my colleagues to vote yes on this strongly bipartisan amend-ment. The central question is simple— whether this Congress is doing every-thing we can to protect members of our military. The metric of success is not how many reforms we have passed; it is whether we have passed all of the re-
forms that are necessary to make the difference. If you think the assault rate that is exactly where it was in 2010 is unacceptable, then vote yes. Some 20,000 sexual assaults, rapes, and un-wanted sexual contact in 1 year alone is unacceptable. If you think an aver-age of 52 cases every single day is unac-ceptable, then vote yes. If you think it is unacceptable that three out of four servicemembers still don’t feel it is worth the risk of reporting, then vote yes. If you think that zero progress on retaliation isn’t good enough, then vote yes. If you think a sexual assault survivor being 12 times more likely to suffer retaliation than see their of-fender get convicted for a sex offense, then vote yes. 
Let’s do the right thing. Let’s take 
action and stop the assaults, stop the retaliation, and build trust and profes-sionalize our military justice system. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina. 
Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I 
strongly oppose this effort. If you care about our military commanders, listen to them. Every one of them opposes this. If my colleagues believe that the military legal community knows what they are talking about, listen to them. Every JAG of every service opposes this. A 29-percent decrease in sexual as-sault incidents, a 70-percent increase in reporting. Senator M
CCASKILL , Senator 
AYOTTE , Senator F ISCHER , and many 
others, along with Senator R EED—we 
have reformed the military justice sys-tem in an appropriate manner. But here is what we should never allow to happen: 
Commander, last night there was an 
alleged rape in the barracks. 
Oh, I don’t care about that anymore; 
send that over to the lawyers. 
Let’s never let that happen. Never let 
a commander avoid responsibility for what happens in their unit. It is their job to make sure we have good order and discipline. Don’t let them off the hook. Reinforce good commanders and fire bad ones. Do not disenfranchise the best military leadership in the history of the world. And that is exactly what this does. We will solve the sexual as-sault problem. We are not going to dis-mantle the infrastructure that has given us the finest military in the his-tory of mankind. That is why every-body who knows what they are talking about opposes this. 
Mr. WICKER. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.027 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4187 June 16, 2015 
The result was announced—yeas 50, 
nays 49, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 211 Leg.] 
YEAS—50 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Casey Collins Coons Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Feinstein Franken 
Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Markey McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski 
Murphy Murray Paul Peters Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Thune Udall Vitter Warren Wyden 
NAYS—49 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Carper Cassidy Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Ernst Fischer Flake 
Graham Hatch Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill Nelson Perdue Portman Reed 
Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Tester Tillis Toomey Warner Whitehouse Wicker 
NOT VOTING—1 
Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Under the previous order, there will 
now be 2 minutes of debate equally di-vided prior to a vote on the motion to invoke cloture on amendment No. 1463, offered by the Senator from Arizona, Mr. M
CCAIN. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today, 
the Senate will vote on whether we will accept the budget gimmicks used by the Senate majority to pay for defense spending priorities, or reject those ef-forts in favor of a meaningful budget deal that protects both defense and dis-cretionary spending. After more than 2 weeks of consideration, and votes on fewer than a dozen of the over 550 amendments that have been filed, I am disappointed by the majority leader’s decision to vote to cut off debate on the pending Defense authorization bill. This bill deserves thorough consider-ation. It has not received that. 
Even worse, little progress has been 
made in approving amendments through managers’ packages. Less than two dozen amendments have been ap-proved by unanimous consent. Even in years when this bill has been most troubled, we have been able to clear noncontroversial amendments on both sides in significantly greater numbers, to improve the underlying authoriza-tion. But this year, that has not hap-pened. So when asked if we should cut off debate, my answer is a clear ‘‘no.’’ Debate over what should or should not be in this bill is not yet close to over. It is too bad, because this bill in-
cludes many provisions that I support to promote our national interests, pro-vide support to our military personnel, 
and reaffirm our commitment to part-ners abroad. As the bill’s managers have both noted time and again, this Defense authorization bill increases readiness, keeps faith with service-members and their families, and in-vests in game-changing technology. 
As in past years, however, I am con-
cerned that this year’s Defense author-ization bill includes several ill-advised provisions that would make it even harder to close the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay. It imposes unnec-essary new restrictions on transferring detainees to foreign countries—despite the steep cost of holding detainees at Guantanamo. And even though mili-tary commission proceedings still have barely gotten off the ground—14 years after September 11—it provides no real-istic path for transferring detainees to the United States for trial in Article III courts. As long as the detention fa-cility at Guantanamo remains open, it will continue to serve as a recruitment tool for terrorists and tarnish Amer-ica’s role as a champion of human rights. Closing Guantanamo is the morally and fiscally responsible thing to do, and I strongly oppose the provi-sions in this bill that needlessly re-strict detainee transfers out of that fa-cility. 
But perhaps the biggest flaw of this 
bill is that it yet again relies on and expands the Overseas Contingency Op-erations fund to avoid sequestration caps. The intention of this fund, which I have repeatedly stated should be done away with, has been severely distorted since its inception. We cannot continue to put our national defense on a credit card while asking working families to take responsibility for these costs. I support eliminating sequestration and believe it never should have been put in place, but simply ignoring its cap for defense spending by putting it in this off-books account doesn’t get us any closer to that reality. We need a real solution to rid ourselves of sequestra-tion, not one that relies on gimmicks while leaving military families, and low- and middle-class families, as well as our veterans, behind. 
The Senate needs to fully consider 
this bill. The annual Defense author-ization is an important bill. It is also a comprehensive bill that authorizes over $
1⁄2trillion in defense spending, in-
cluding pay and benefits, acquisition programs, and initiatives to protect our national security. It should be fully vetted before debate is ended. We owe it to the American people. I will oppose cloture on this substitute amendment. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I yield 
back the time. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I yield 
back the time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time 
is yielded back. 
Under the previous order, pursuant to 
rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, 
which the clerk will state. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the McCain amendment No. 1463 to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
Mitch McConnell, John McCain, Richard 
C. Shelby, Jeff Flake, John Barrasso, John Cornyn, Mike Rounds, Jeff Ses-sions, Shelley Moore Capito, Lamar Alexander, Lindsey Graham, Joni Ernst, John Hoeven, Roger F. Wicker, Kelly Ayotte, Richard Burr, Thom Tillis. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on amendment No. 1463, offered by the Senator from Ari-zona, Mr. M
CCAIN, to H.R. 1735, shall be 
brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Maryland (Ms. M IKULSKI ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
LANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-
ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 83, 
nays 15, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 212 Leg.] 
YEAS—83 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Lee McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester 
Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Whitehouse Wicker 
NAYS—15 
Baldwin 
Brown Casey Cruz Franken Gillibrand 
Leahy Manchin Markey Merkley Paul 
Reid Sanders Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Mikulski Rubio 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.011 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4188 June 16, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 83, the nays are 15. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. 
The Senator from Arizona. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1456 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I call for 
the regular order with respect to the McCain amendment No. 1456. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
amendment is now pending. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. I ask for the yeas and 
nays on the amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1911 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1456 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I call up 
the Hatch amendment No. 1911, which is at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Arizona [Mr. M CCAIN], 
for Mr. H ATCH , proposes an amendment num-
bered 1911 to amendment No. 1456. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To require a report on the Depart-
ment of Defense definition of and policy re-garding software sustainment) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . REPORT ON DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE DEFINITION OF AND POLICY REGARDING SOFTWARE SUSTAINMENT. 
(a) R EPORT ON ASSESSMENT OF DEFINITION  
AND POLICY .—Not later than March 15, 2016, 
the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees and the President pro tempore of the Senate a report setting forth an assessment, obtained by the Secretary for purposes of the report, on the definition used by the Department of Defense for and the policy of the Department regard-ing software maintenance, particularly with respect to the totality of the term ‘‘software sustainment’’ in the definition of ‘‘depot- level maintenance and repair’’ under section 2460 of title 10, United States Code. 
(b) I
NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT .—The assess-
ment obtained for purposes of subsection (a) shall be conducted by a federally funded re-search and development center (FFRDC), or another appropriate independent entity with expertise in matters described in subsection (a), selected by the Secretary for purposes of the assessment. 
(c) E
LEMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The assessment obtained 
for purposes of subsection (a) shall address, with respect to software and weapon systems of the Department of Defense (including space systems), each of the following: 
(A) Fiscal ramifications of current pro-
grams with regard to the size, scope, and cost of software to the program’s overall budget, including embedded and support soft-ware, percentage of weapon systems’ functionality controlled by software, and re-liance on proprietary data, processes, and components. 
(B) Legal status of the Department in re-
gards to adhering to section 2464(a)(1) of such title with respect to ensuring a ready and 
controlled source of maintenance and sustainment on software for its weapon sys-tems. 
(C) Operational risks and reduction to ma-
teriel readiness of current Department weap-on systems related to software costs, delays, re-work, integration and functional testing, defects, and documentation errors. 
(D) Other matters as identified by the Sec-
retary. 
(2) A
DDITIONAL MATTERS .—For each of sub-
paragraphs (A) through (C) of paragraph (1), the assessment obtained for purposes of sub-section (a) shall include review and analysis regarding sole-source contracts, range of competition, rights in technical data, public and private capabilities, integration lab ini-tial costs and sustaining operations, and total obligation authority costs of software, disaggregated by armed service, for the De-partment. 
(d) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE SUPPORT .— 
The Secretary of Defense shall provide the independent entity described in subsection (b)with timely access to appropriate infor-mation, data, resources, and analysis so that the entity may conduct a thorough and inde-pendent assessment as required under such subsection. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1473, AS FURTHER MODIFIED  
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Vitter amendment No. 1473 be further modi-fied with the changes at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment, as further modified, 
is as follows: 
(Purpose: To limit the retirement of Army 
combat units, and to provide an offset) 
On page 38, line 12, insert after ‘‘ FIGHTER  
AIRCRAFT ’’ the following: ‘‘ AND ARMY COMBAT  
UNITS ’’. 
On page 43, between lines 3 and 4, insert 
the following: 
(e) M INIMUM NUMBER OF ARMY BRIGADE  
COMBAT TEAMS .—Section 3062 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(e)(1) Effective October 1, 2015, the Sec-
retary of the Army shall maintain the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) A total number of brigade combat 
teams for the regular and reserve compo-nents of the Army of not fewer than 32 bri-gade combat teams. 
‘‘(B) A total number of brigade combat 
teams for the Army National Guard of not fewer than 28 brigade combat teams. 
‘‘(2) In this subsection, the term ‘brigade 
combat team’ means any unit that consists of— 
‘‘(A) an arms branch maneuver brigade; ‘‘(B) its assigned support units; and ‘‘(C) its assigned fire teams’’. 
(f) R
EDUCTION OF ARMY BRIGADE COMBAT  
TEAMS .— 
(1) P RESERVATION OF TEAMS .—The Sec-
retary of the Army shall give priority to maintaining 32 brigade combat teams for the Army as required by subsection (e)(1) of sec-tion 3062 of title 10 United States Code (as amended by subsection (e) of this section), and shall carry out such priority as funding or appropriations become available to main-tain such war fighting capability. 
(2) R
EDUCTION .—Notwithstanding sub-
section (e)(1) of section 3062 of title 10 United States Code (as so amended), or paragraph (1) of this subsection, the Secretary may, after October 1, 2015, reduce the number of brigade combat teams of the Army to fewer than 32 brigade combat teams, or reduce the number of brigade combat teams of the National 
Guard to fewer than 28 brigade combat teams, upon the latest of the following: 
(A) The date that is 30 days after the date 
on which the Secretary submits the report required by paragraph (3). 
(B) The date that is 30 days after the date 
on which the Secretary certifies to the con-gressional defense committees that the re-duction of Army brigade combat teams will not increase the operational risk of meeting the National Defense Strategy. 
(C) The date that is 30 days after the date 
on which the Secretary certifies to the con-gressional defense committees that— 
(i) in the case of a reduction in the number 
of brigade combat teams of the Army to fewer than 32 brigade combat teams, funding or appropriations are not adequate to sus-tain 32 brigade combat teams for the regular Army; or 
(ii) in the case of a reduction in the num-
ber of brigade combat teams of the Army Na-tional Guard to fewer than 28 brigade combat teams, funding or appropriations are not adequate to sustain 28 brigade combat teams for the National Guard. 
(3) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall submit to 
the congressional defense committees a re-port setting forth the following: 
(A) The rationale for any proposed reduc-
tion of the total strength of the Army, in-cluding the National Guard and Reserves, below the strength provided in subsection (e) of section 3062 of title 10, United States Code (as so amended), and an operational analysis of the total strength of the Army that dem-onstrates performance of the designated mis-sion at an equal or greater level of effective-ness as the personnel of the Army so re-duced. 
(B) An assessment of the implications for 
the Army, the Army National Guard of the United States, and the Army Reserve of the force mix ratio of Army troop strengths and combat units after such reduction. 
(C) Such other matters relating to the re-
duction of the total strength of the Army as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
(g) A
DDITIONAL REPORTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—At least 90 days before the 
date on which the total strength of the Army, including the National Guard and Re-serves, is reduced below the strength pro-
vided in subsection (e) of section 3062 of title 10, United States Code (as amended by sub-section (e) of this section), the Secretary of the Army, in consultation with (where appli-cable) the Director of the Army National Guard or Chief of the Army Reserve, shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report on the reduction. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report submitted 
under paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(A) A list of each major combat unit of the 
Army that will remain after the reduction, organized by division and enumerated down to the brigade combat team-level or its equivalent, including for each such brigade combat team— 
(i) the mission it is assigned to; and (ii) the assigned unit and military installa-
tion where it is based. 
(B) A list of each brigade combat team pro-
posed for disestablishment, including for each such unit— 
(i) the mission it is assigned to; and (ii) the assigned unit and military installa-
tion where it is based. 
(C) A list of each unit affected by a pro-
posed disestablishment listed under subpara-graph (B) and a description of how such unit is affected. 
(D) For each military installation and unit 
listed under subparagraph (B)(ii), a descrip-tion of changes, if any, to the designed oper-ational capability (DOC) statement of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.035 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4189 June 16, 2015 
unit as a result of a proposed disestablish-
ment. 
(E) A description of any anticipated 
changes in manpower authorizations as a re-sult of a proposed disestablishment listed under subparagraph (B). 
(h) R
EPORT MANNING OF BRIGADE COMBAT  
TEAMS AT ACHIEVEMENT OF ARMY ACTIVE  
END-STRENGTH .—Upon the achievement of 
the end strength for active duty personnel of the Army specified in section 401(1), the Sec-retary of the Army shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on the current manning of each brigade combat team of the Army. 
(i) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section 
should be construed to supersede Army man-ning of brigade combat teams at designated levels. 
(j) A
NNUAL PAYINCREASES .— 
(1) S ENSE OF CONGRESS ON PAY INCREASES .— 
It is the sense of Congress that, if the Presi-dent exercises the authority under section 1009(e) of title 37, United States Code, with respect to the rates of basic pay for members of the uniformed services— 
(A) the adjustment in the rates of basic 
pay for each statutory pay system under sec-tion 5303 of title 5, United States Code, 
should be 0.5 percentage points less than the percentage adjustment in the rates of basic pay for members of the uniformed services; and 
(B) the President should not adjust, under 
the authority under section 5303(b) of title 5, United States Code, the rates of basic pay for a statutory pay system by a percentage that is greater than the percentage described in subparagraph (A). 
(2) A
DJUSTMENT TO RATES OF PAY FOR FIS -
CAL YEAR 2016 .— 
(A) S TATUTORY PAY SYSTEMS .—The adjust-
ment in rates of basic pay for employees under the statutory pay systems (as defined in section 5302 of title 5, United States Code) that takes effect in 2016 under section 5303 of title 5, United States Code, shall be a de-crease of 1.0 percent, and such adjustments shall be effective as of the first day of the first applicable pay period beginning on or after January 1, 2016. 
(B) P
REVAILING RATE EMPLOYEES .—The ad-
justment in rates of basic pay for the statu-tory pay systems that take place in 2016 under sections 5344 and 5348 of title 5, United States Code, shall be equal to the percentage decrease received by employees in the same location whose rates of basic pay are ad-justed pursuant to the statutory pay systems under subparagraph (A) of this paragraph and 5304 of title 5, United States Code. Pre-vailing rate employees at locations where there are no employees whose pay is de-creased pursuant to sections 5303 and 5304 of title 5, United States Code, and prevailing rate employees described in section 5343(a)(5) of title 5, United States Code, shall be con-sidered to be located in the pay locality des-ignated as ‘‘Rest of US’’ pursuant to section 5304 of title 5, United States Code, for pur-poses of this subparagraph. 
(3) A
DJUSTMENT TO RATES OF PAY FOR FIS -
CAL YEAR 2017 .— 
(A) S TATUTORY PAY SYSTEMS .—The adjust-
ment in rates of basic pay for employees under the statutory pay systems (as defined in section 5302 of title 5, United States Code) that takes effect in 2017 under section 5303 of title 5, United States Code, shall be a de-crease of 1.0 percent, and such adjustments shall be effective as of the first day of the first applicable pay period beginning on or after January 1, 2017. 
(B) P
REVAILING RATE EMPLOYEES .—The ad-
justment in rates of basic pay for the statu-tory pay systems that take place in 2017 under sections 5344 and 5348 of title 5, United States Code, shall be equal to the percentage decrease received by employees in the same 
location whose rates of basic pay are ad-justed pursuant to the statutory pay systems under subparagraph (A) of this paragraph and 5304 of title 5, United States Code. Pre-vailing rate employees at locations where there are no employees whose pay is de-creased pursuant to sections 5303 and 5304 of title 5, United States Code, and prevailing rate employees described in section 5343(a)(5) of title 5, United States Code, shall be con-sidered to be located in the pay locality des-ignated as ‘‘Rest of US’’ pursuant to section 5304 of title 5, United States Code, for pur-poses of this subparagraph. 
(4) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS ON USE OF FUNDS  
AVAILABLE .—It is the sense of Congress that 
amounts available to the Government by reason of the reductions in adjustments to rates of pay for fiscal years 2016 and 2017 by reason of paragraphs (2) and (3) should be used to sustain a total number of brigade combat teams for the regular and reserve components of the Army of not fewer than 32 brigade combat teams, anda total number of brigade combat teams for the Army National Guard of not fewer than 28 brigade combat teams, during fiscal years 2016 and 2017 as re-quired by subsection (e) of section 3062 of title 10, United States Code (as amended by subsection (e) of this section). 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate vote in relation to the Vitter amend-ment at 5 p.m., with the time equally divided in the usual form and no sec-ond-degrees prior to the vote. I further ask that Senator L
EEor his designee be 
recognized to withdraw his amendment No. 1687 prior to the vote on the Vitter amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1687 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Lee amendment No. 1687 be withdrawn. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, the amendment is with-drawn. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak for up to 10 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1889 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, this 
morning I voted against the Feinstein- McCain amendment No. 1889 because I 
believe it represents shortsighted na-tional security policy. 
The central provision of this amend-
ment would limit the interrogation of detainees by any U.S. Government em-ployee or agent to techniques that are listed in the publicly available Army Field Manual on human intelligence collection (FM 2–22.3), essentially codi-fying a portion of Executive Order No. 13491, issued by President Obama on January 22, 2009. Due to the wide public availability of this manual, this policy 
enables our enemies to study and dis-sect the methods we use to try to elicit sensitive information from them, giv-ing them the opportunity to train against these techniques and prepare for them. 
Quite simply, the effect of this policy 
is to hand our entire interrogation playbook to groups such as the self-de-clared Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant, ‘‘ISIL,’’ Al Qaeda, and the Taliban, which is a profound mistake. Moreover, this limitation is unneces-sary, because Congress has already taken action to prohibit interrogation or other treatment of detainees that is ‘‘cruel, inhuman, or degrading treat-ment or punishment’’ by enacting the Detainee Treatment Act of 2005. 
In the past, other interrogation tech-
niques that were not publicly disclosed to our enemies, known as enhanced in-terrogation techniques, proved their worth in numerous instances. In the wake of the terrorist attacks of Sep-tember 11, 2001, these enhanced tech-niques were deemed necessary for use with certain hardened Al Qaeda leaders and operatives who possessed valuable intelligence that could save American lives, including knowledge of planned attacks against our Nation. There is strong evidence to believe that EITs, in desperate situations, helped protect our country from terrorist attacks. In addition, intelligence obtained through these interrogations helped locate Osama bin Laden and enabled the oper-ation to kill or capture him in Abbottabad, Pakistan, on May 2, 2011. The Obama administration cannot deny that intelligence gleaned through the use of enhanced techniques played a role in tracking down bin Laden. 
In recent months, the threat of ter-
rorism has been increasing in both in-tensity and complexity. The rise of the terrorist army of ISIL makes this a challenging time in the fight against terrorism. While it is clear that Presi-dent Obama has no intention of author-izing the use of enhanced interrogation techniques while he is President, this amendment would unwisely and tightly restrict the tools available to future Presidents to protect this country. I cannot support such a policy. 
WORKING ACROSS THE AISLE  
Mr. President, for the past several 
weeks we have been debating the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act, which performs one of our most impor-tant and significant functions, which is to make sure the people who fight our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.017 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4190 June 16, 2015 
Nation’s wars have the resources they 
need in order to do the job and to keep the American people safe. 
This bill that started in the Armed 
Services Committee passed out over-
whelmingly, and that is because this is not or should not be a partisan issue. Our duty to protect our troops so they can protect us should be a no-brainer. You would think partisan politics would be the furthest thing from this debate. 
I am glad the Senate has now taken 
a big step forward to help move this legislation along, but I have to admit there are some ominous signs on the horizon. Initially, Senate Democrats on the Armed Services Committee threatened to block this bill in the committee unless there was some deal cut on spending. That is troubling, al-though I am grateful that only four Democrats voted against this bill in the committee. Then there is some sug-gestion from the President of the United States that he might consider vetoing this legislation. Why? Because he disagrees with some of the content of this legislation? Well, no. The reason he threatened to veto it is because he said we haven’t agreed to his demands to increase spending—by the way, spending money we don’t have, adding to our national debt. 
It concerns me a great deal when 
something that should enjoy broad bi-partisan support, such as our national defense, somehow becomes a potential hostage to take in the spending wars here in Washington, DC. 
Now we have learned that the strat-
egy among our Democratic friends is not to block this bill. Candidly, I think that is because they realized they didn’t have the votes to do it, and it would have been a momentous decision if they had blocked it for some extra-neous reason. But now we are told that the next bill we turn to, which will probably be the Defense appropriations bill—that our friends across the aisle are threatening to block that in an-other continuing effort to do what they call prepare for their filibuster sum-mer. 
The great thing about our friends 
across the aisle is that you don’t have to wonder necessarily what they are planning to do; all you have to do is read the newspapers because they will tell you. There, Senator S
CHUMER , one 
of the senior Democrats in leadership, said they plan to block every appro-priations bill until they get a nego-tiated deal to raise spending limits that have been in effect since 2011. 
Well, I have to think this is why the 
minority leader, the Senator from Ne-vada, initially when we were starting debate on this bill, suggested it would be a waste of time. I can’t think of any other reason why he would say debat-ing and voting on and passing the De-fense authorization bill would be a waste of time unless there was some implicit threat there that it would never actually see the light of day. 
But there has been a casualty along 
the way. You will remember that last Thursday we had a vote on a bill that 
would effect commonsense improve-ments in our cyber security at a time when more and more Americans are undergoing cyber attacks. Of course, these take different forms, but many nation states have active cyber attack efforts against our intellectual prop-erty—let’s say the people who have la-bored long and hard and make big in-vestments in weapons systems and air-planes and the like. Well, our adver-saries are actively trying to steal the design information so they can copy that, of course at a much cheaper cost, and they can learn what the capabili-ties are of our weapons systems and 
our airplanes. 
But other cyber attacks are more 
straightforward. It is just crime. It is stealing people’s identity. It is stealing their money. It is stealing their re-sources. There are criminal networks all around the world that are actively engaged in trying to steal from the American people online. 
So you would have thought that this 
amendment, dealing as it did with cyber security—that a good place to park this would have been on the De-fense authorization bill, as important a role as cyber security plays in our na-tional security. Of course, the purpose was to help the government and pri-vate businesses work together to pro-tect Americans’ personal information and their privacy, which is a pretty straightforward goal. Protecting the personal information of the American people is very important. And it was noncontroversial. This particular bill that was offered as an amendment to the Defense authorization bill passed out of the Senate Intelligence Com-mittee 14 to 1. But since this is fili-buster summer, the minority leader, Senator R
EID, decided the Democrats 
were going to vote as a group to block that amendment. 
Not even 24 hours later, though— 
their timing could not have been worse—the need for this critical legis-lation became even more urgent. On Friday—1 day after the Democratic leader urged his colleagues to block this important cyber security meas-ure—media reports began confirming that hackers had accessed government networks and obtained incredibly sen-sitive background information used for security clearances in a second breach to the personnel management systems. This information, which one former NSA official described as the crown jewels and a gold mine for foreign in-telligence services, was reportedly sto-len en masse and includes many per-sonal details of job applicants. As a matter of fact, the people who actually applied for a security clearance, which is processed by the Office of Personnel Management, the people who fill out these forms fill out extensive back-ground information, including birth dates, names, telephone numbers, and the like, but it also includes things such as passport information, Social Security numbers, private identifica-tion and background details, extensive 
information about background places of residence and addresses, and the names and contact information of close friends and family members. So you can see why there would be concern when state actors penetrate the net-work at the Office of Personnel Man-agement to steal information about that background and security clear-ance process. This stolen information could be used not only against our in-telligence officers and military offi-cials but also their family and friends who may well now be exposed. 
That same day, last Friday, it was 
reported that the first Office of Per-sonnel Management data breach—a breach that was initially reported 2 weeks ago—actually compromised the records of as many as 14 million cur-rent and former government officials. That is more than three times the original estimate. 
While our Nation’s public servants 
were having their sensitive personal in-formation stolen, the Democratic lead-er led nearly all of his colleagues to block sensible, bipartisan legislation which was focused on that specific threat and which would provide for greater information sharing between the private sector and government in order to address this very problem. 
I am pleased to say that the minority 
leader was not able to convince all Democrats to block this legislation. In fact, seven Democratic members voted to promote security over partisanship. Good for them for joining us in doing that. 
As I said before, but it is worth not-
ing again, the American people have rejected this idea that the Senate and the Congress should do nothing. They did that last November during the elec-tion. They made crystal clear that they wanted their elected representa-tives, whether the House or the Senate, to come here to Washington on their behalf and to actually take steps to make their lives better and to work on their behalf, not to use this Chamber for partisan political games. 
We have heard the accusations in the 
past. The Democratic leader has loudly and routinely criticized this side of the aisle for obstruction. But threatening to block all funding bills unless you get 100 percent of what you want, after spending money we don’t have and while looking at an escalating debt in the tens of trillions of dollars, is, to me, the height of hypocrisy. 
By pledging to filibuster upcoming 
appropriations bills, including the De-fense appropriations bill, he and his Democratic colleagues have made their priorities very clear. They are willing to jeopardize the paychecks and the se-curity of our men and women in uni-form so they can give more taxpayer dollars to sprawling bureaucracies such as the IRS and the EPA. Unfortu-nately, the leadership on the other side of the aisle is using these very same troops who put their lives on the line every day to score a few partisan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.039 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4191 June 16, 2015 
points and to leverage their insatiable 
appetite for tax dollars. There is never enough. There is never enough. 
I don’t know that everyone on that 
side of the aisle is comfortable with this strategy. I am somewhat encour-aged in a strange sense of the word by the fact that seven Democrats refused to follow the Democratic leader down this path to blocking the cyber secu-rity legislation. To their credit, they voted on the merits of the legislation. But, unfortunately, not enough did in order for us to get it considered and voted on. 
In light of this almost contempora-
neous occurrence at the Office of Per-sonnel Management and the recurring daily stories about how cyber attacks are stealing personal property, rep-resent an intelligence threat, and are stealing the money of the American people, I hope our colleagues will work with us to do what the American peo-ple elected us to do, which is to work together to move forward sensible, bi-partisan legislation that is important to the country. 
I hope our friends across the aisle 
will listen to the American people in-stead of their misguided leadership. Over the past few months under Repub-lican majorities, this Chamber has demonstrated that we are willing to work across the aisle to get the Senate functioning again for the American people. 
Do you know what? The irony is that 
our friends who are now in the minor-ity who used to be in the majority—I think they kind of like it because they actually can offer amendments, they can get votes on amendments, and they can represent their constituents in this body, which they came here to do. 
I hope we can keep the Senate work-
ing and avoid this filibuster summer that was touted in one of the news-papers just last week. I know the peo-ple of my State expect me to come up here and represent their interests, and I know all of our constituents expect us to do better by them. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. 
Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, I come 
to the floor to talk about an amend-ment I have to the Defense authoriza-tion legislation. 
Americans who volunteer to defend 
our country deserve our utmost sup-port and great credit for their uniquely honorable, difficult, and important service. We are a safe and free Nation because of their bravery and sacrifice. However, as we honor our troops and veterans, we have to remember they don’t serve alone. Military families serve too. They make serious career and personal sacrifices on behalf of their loved ones so their loved ones can serve our country. 
Anyone who has served in the mili-
tary or has been married to a service-member or even attended a military re-tirement ceremony—I actually come from a military family—understands that a successful military career de-
pends on the support and sacrifice of those you love and those who are in your family. A career in the military frequently involves frequent moves and long separations for your spouse, which present unique challenges for military families. 
The service and sacrifice of military 
families not only deserves recognition and respect, but military families are also a critical component of our mili-tary readiness. It is difficult for a mother, father, husband or wife serving in the military to focus on defending our Nation if they are worried about the well-being of their family at home. Perhaps that is why, in March of this year, the Commandant of the Marine Corps, Gen. Joseph Dunford, who has now been nominated to serve as the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, testified that ‘‘a key element in our overall readiness is family readiness. The family members of our Marines are very much a part of the Marine Corps family. Their sacrifices and support are not taken for granted.’’ 
However, it has come to our atten-
tion that the current laws and regula-tions fail to fully reflect the sacrifices of our military families or the impor-tance of this issue to military readi-ness. 
I wish to talk about a specific prob-
lem; that is, when a member of our military actually gets into criminal trouble. Yet their spouse and children have to suffer as a result of it. 
Current law forces military juries to 
sometimes confront the undesirable di-lemma of either supporting justice or supporting the military family—but not both. In these rare and tragic cases, a jury must choose either to im-pose a just sentence on a member of our military—which of course these cases are rare—who commits a crime, but if the jury imposes a just sentence, this could cause the retirement bene-fits that the family of the military member is counting on to be taken away, and so it leads to this choice of either giving a just or strong sentence and also punish the family who is an innocent bystander in all of this or give a weak and unjust sentence to spare the innocent family—but not both. 
When a jury chooses a just sentence, 
an innocent family can be left with nothing, and that is wrong. Knowing this, some family members choose not to report a crime out of fear that com-ing forward will risk loss of benefits that a family member helped earn. 
For these reasons, I am proud that 
the National Defense Authorization Act, as passed by the committee, does include an amendment that I intro-duced with Senator G
ILLIBRAND which 
could make transitional benefits avail-able to innocent military family mem-bers when their retirement-eligible servicemember forfeits those benefits due to a court-martial. 
I am also pleased that the Defense 
authorization legislation contains sense-of-Congress language that recog-
nizes the valuable service of military families and emphasizes the view of the committee that military juries should not have to choose between a fair sen-tence and protecting military families. However, this doesn’t go far enough. Our work isn’t finished. We must do more to recognize the service of mili-tary families and to ensure a strong and fair military justice system. 
I will briefly talk about the case of 
Rebecca Sinclair. Rebecca was married to a career Army officer who served with distinction. She married him early in his career and supported him as he rose through the ranks to become General. She served alongside him for 27 years. He was at home for a total of 5 years between 2001 and 2012. She had been a single mother during those five combat deployments when he was serv-ing our country. 
She moved 17 times in 27 years. Her 
oldest son went to six schools by the time he was in sixth grade. Despite earning a bachelor’s and master’s de-gree, Rebecca’s career had been se-verely limited by the constant moves. 
She thought this sacrifice was wor-
thy because she was doing it on behalf of her Nation and her family. Because she wasn’t able to achieve her full earning potential, she was counting on the pay benefits and retirement plan she helped her husband earn over 27 years. But then, in 2012, she watched helplessly as all of this sacrifice, all of this effort, and all of this work hung in the balance. Unlike the vast majority of servicemembers who serve their whole career with honor, her husband was charged with 25 counts of mis-conduct, including: forcible sodomy, sexual assault, indecent conduct, mak-ing fraudulent claims against the gov-ernment, and obstruction of justice. 
Rebecca was totally innocent of this 
conduct. Her sons, who were 10 and 12 years old, were totally innocent. Yet her husband’s actions threatened to leave her with no benefits and no secu-rity after 27 years of sacrifice, and if he were to be dismissed from the Army, Rebecca and her sons would be left with nothing. 
During his sentencing hearing, Re-
becca’s husband begged the court to allow him to retire at a reduced rank so his family could collect the benefits which, in his words, ‘‘they have earned serving alongside me all these years.’’ 
Rebecca also made a plea to the 
court for a sentence that would spare her family from being punished for her husband’s actions. I think Rebecca sums it up well in the piece she wrote for the Washington Post in 2012: 
For military wives, the options are bad and 
worse. Stay with an unfaithful husband and keep your family intact; or lose your hus-band, your family and the financial security that comes with a military salary, pension, health care and housing. Because we move so often, spouses lose years of career advance-ment. Some of us spend every other year as single parents. We are vulnerable emotion-ally and financially. Many stay silent out of necessity, not natural passivity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.040 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4192 June 16, 2015 
It is time to fix these problems. Say-
ing thank you to the military families is not enough. We must ensure that our 
laws and regulations reflect our grati-tude to military families and the im-portance of what they do. They serve our country, too, and they have earned the benefits as well. It is not right for a military member to rely on his fam-ily to help earn retirement benefits and then have that individual commit mis-conduct and the family is punished too. 
My amendment will fix this problem 
by recognizing that military families serve, too, remove disincentives to re-port misconduct, and put the sen-tencing process back in balance. Juries can choose a punishment to fit the crime without worry that an innocent family member will suffer as a result. My amendment has been endorsed by 10 veterans service organizations. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
important amendment that allows the military justice system to function properly and also makes sure that in-nocent family members do not suffer and that their service is recognized as well. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
PROTECTING INTERNET ACCESS FROM TAXATION  
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I wish to 
address events from the last several days, both of which have the potential to reshape the way the American peo-ple use the Internet for communication and commerce. 
The first came last week when the 
other body voted on a bipartisan basis to permanently extend the Internet Tax Freedom Act. I wrote that law, which is commonly known as ITFA, along with former Congressman Chris Cox, in 1998. The Internet Tax Freedom Act is one of the most popular tax poli-cies in the country, and I believe it is past time for the Senate to follow the House’s lead and send a permanent ex-tension to the President’s desk. 
The second important matter came 
up yesterday, when a bill called the Re-mote Transaction Parity Act was in-troduced in the other body. What this proposal offers is a brand-new national sales tax managed by a privatizing, tax-collecting bureaucracy that not a single voter in America has approved. I see this online tax hike as a major threat to the Internet that has flour-ished under the bipartisan Internet Tax Freedom Act. 
I want to address both of these issues 
briefly today, beginning with the im-portance of the permanent Internet Tax Freedom law. Ever since Congress passed it, it has been an essential tool in helping the Internet grow unencumbered by discriminatory tax-ation. It prohibits the kind of discrimi-natory taxes that some in Congress are too fond of; the kind of taxes that I be-lieve will hurt innovation and punish the millions of citizens and businesses that use and depend on the Internet each day. 
The Internet Tax Freedom Act has 
saved families in Oregon and across America hundreds of dollars a year. 
That is because without the law, access to the Internet would likely be subject to the same level of punishing taxation that is currently imposed on cigarettes and alcohol. We already see that with wireless services not protected by the Internet Tax Freedom Act, and this area does involve onerous taxes. In-flicting those taxes on Internet access is a burden the Senate absolutely should not heap on the American peo-ple. 
Unfortunately, Congress has become 
too reliant on stop-and-go governing, so the Internet Tax Freedom Act has been extended several times on a tem-porary basis. Some Members in the Senate and House want to tie the Internet Tax Freedom Act, which saves people money, to a controversial pro-posal that will drive up the cost of using the Internet the way Americans do today, and that is where the second issue I would like to address comes in. 
The House proposal, called the Re-
mote Transaction Parity Act, has 
taken a variety of different forms over the years. An older version that died in Congress was called the Marketplace Fairness Act. The idea used to be to turn every business that operated on-line—big or small—into a tax collector for the thousands of tax jurisdictions across the country. With every new version of this online tax hike bill, we would see a new set of problems crop up. Now the proposal has become even bigger and more unwieldy. The new proposal coming from the other body would build an enormous, privatized, tax-collecting bureaucracy, and that new bureaucracy would take a big cut of every online sale before a single dime of sales tax gets distributed back to the States or local communities. 
I will take a minute and talk about 
how this hurts my home State. My home State has no sales tax, but under this proposal, this murky tax-col-lecting middle man is going to get in-volved anytime somebody in Virginia, Michigan or California makes a pur-chase online from an Oregon company. This proposal would unfairly siphon money away from Oregon. Yet Orego-nians will get nothing in return from these newly empowered national tax collectors. In effect, there would be a new national sales tax overseen by a privatized middle man, and that raises serious questions about whether tax-payer dollars should be going to a for- profit tax collector. It could put sen-sitive data about businesses and their customers into the crosshairs of hack-ers and criminals. That would be just about the biggest Federal intrusion into State commerce in a long time. 
The online tax bill also creates a 
major new hurdle for small businesses that want to find consumers online. That would be a particularly harsh blow to companies in rural America, rural Oregon, and elsewhere. It would suddenly be a whole lot harder to com-pete with a retailer in a crowded city when the cost of doing business online takes a jump. Finally, it takes a fundamentally 
tilted playing field against U.S. em-ployers, and, in effect, makes those em-ployers pay a national sales tax. It cre-ates a fundamentally tilted playing field. The Internet spans national bor-ders, but sellers from China, Canada, and Europe will not and cannot be sub-ject to this tax, and under this ap-proach, they will profit at the expense of the American consumer and Amer-ican worker. 
In my view, we have at hand now two 
radically different pieces of legislation. The first has been on the books now for well over a decade and has been hugely valuable in terms of innovation, choice, and consumers. That is the per-manent Internet Tax Freedom Act, in effect taking what we have had for over a decade and making it permanent. With the permanent approach, we lower costs for consumers and protect the Internet as a bulwark for free speech and commerce, promoting American companies and American ideals. So that is approach No. 1—mak-ing permanent legislation that has worked since 1998. 
The second approach is the Remote 
Transaction Parity Act, which would raise costs for Americans, hurt small and rural businesses, and punish States such as Oregon that have kept taxes low. 
In my view, it would be legislative 
malpractice to tie these two ap-proaches together. The path forward for the U.S. Senate should be very clear; that is, to take the permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act that has sailed through the House and, with the ball in our court, pass it here. I believe that a permanent law protecting Inter-net access from taxation is long over-due, and the proposal for an online tax hike should not get in the way. 
So I urge my colleagues to join me 
now in working for a bipartisan, per-manent Internet Tax Freedom Act, unencumbered by the kind of approach which has been introduced in the House and which creates a national sales tax. Let’s reject that and move to pass a permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act as soon as possible. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. 
A
YOTTE ). The Senator from Rhode Is-
land. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1473, AS FURTHER MODIFIED  
Mr. REED. Madam President, at 5 
p.m. we will be voting on an amend-ment proposed by the Senator from Louisiana, Mr. V
ITTER . The amend-
ment would require the Secretary of the Army to maintain at least 32 bri-gade combat teams in the Regular and Reserve components of the Army and 28 brigade combat teams in the Army National Guard. 
Effectively and deliberately, this 
amendment would prevent the Army from managing its own force structure, determining how many brigades it needs, how they are disposed in terms of Active, Reserve, and Regular forces. In addition, the way the amendment is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.041 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4193 June 16, 2015 
paid for, to maintain these additional 
brigades would be to mandate a 1-per-cent pay cut for all Federal civilian employees for 2016 and 2017—not a pay freeze, a pay cut. 
The Army does not support this 
amendment. They need the flexibility to manage their forces to respond to the threats as they perceive them in the world, to determine where the forces are mechanized, whether they are located in the National Guard or whether they are located in the Reg-ular force. As such, as the Army draws down—and it is on that trajectory be-cause of many issues, some of them budgetary—they would have to totally reexamine their existing force struc-ture and they would indeed have to, I think, sacrifice what they think is the most optimal force for a legislative mandate of an arbitrary number of bri-gades in place. This will create readi-ness problems because it is one thing to have brigades on paper; it is another to have brigades that are ready to de-ploy, fully trained, fully equipped, fully manned. That would complicate this process for the Army. 
So for these reasons, when the 
amendment is presented at 5 p.m., I will be opposing the amendment, and I urge my colleagues to join me in that opposition. I think the Army is the most capable to determine its force structure and not by legislative fiat. 
With that, I suggest the absence of a 
quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, the 
Vitter amendment tries to enforce a minimum number of Army brigade combat teams. It seeks to direct the U.S. Army to maintain not fewer than 32 brigade combat teams in the Regular Army and 28 in the Army National Guard. The Secretary of the Army could not reduce these until he reports to Congress and certifies impacts on operational risk to the national de-fense strategy and insufficient funds or appropriations. The Secretary of the Army must also report rationale for any proposed reduction of total strength in the Regular Army, Na-tional Guard, and Army Reserves. This includes an operational analysis that shows continued mission performance given a reduction and an assessment of force-mix ratio among all of those or-ganizations. 
Additionally, the Secretary, with the 
Director of the Army, National Guard, or Chief of Army Reserve, must report to Congress at least 90 days before any possible reductions. The report must list remaining major combat units, missions, unit assignments by installa-tion, and proposed BCTs for disestab-lishment—on and on and on and on. I say to the Senator from Louisiana, 
we don’t do this. We don’t tell the Army or the National Guard that they can only have a minimum of this or that and that they can’t do certain things. The amendment requires the Army to report manning levels. In principle, I agree with the Senator from Louisiana. The world is less se-cure. We are facing many threats. We need an Army capable of securing our interests around the world. In fact, last week, decisions were made to deploy more forces to Iraq. 
The amendment is bad policy. The 
Congress shouldn’t attempt to manage forces. That is the job of the Secretary of the Army and the Chief of Staff. Our job is to authorize and fund. The key is giving Army leadership the flexibility to manage the total Army force given the planned drawdown. In fiscal year 2016, the Army end strength is being re-duced and funding is planned to be ad-justed accordingly. 
The cost to maintain the total Army 
at 490,000 for 1 year is about $2.4 billion. Of course, the Senator’s amendment does not have any indication where that $2.4 billion would come from. 
If enacted, the amendment could re-
sult in a Regular Army of ‘‘tiered read-iness.’’ The Army would have a force of 490,000 with a budget for 475,000. We don’t want a ‘‘hollow Army’’ as we had in the 1970s. 
So I urge my colleague from Lou-
isiana, the sponsor of this amendment, to devote his energies and efforts to the repeal of sequestration. That is what is forcing these decisions to be made by the Army, which, in my view and the view of our military leaders, is putting the lives of the men and women at greater risk. 
Mr. VITTER. Will the Senator yield 
for a question? 
Mr. M
CCAIN. I wish to finish my 
statement first, and I appreciate that. 
So I oppose the amendment on the 
fact that we do not have the funding here to maintain the Army at the level that both he and I would prefer. If we do repeal sequestration, then there will be sufficient funding for maintaining the Army, the National Guard, and the Army Reserves at the level the Senator from Louisiana strongly advocates and I also advocate. 
I will be glad to respond to a question 
from the Senator from Louisiana. 
Mr. VITTER. I thank the Senator for 
yielding. I would just ask whether the underlying bill doesn’t do exactly the same sort of thing in other categories, such as minimum numbers of aircraft carriers in the Navy, such as minimum numbers of certain key equipment in the Air Force, which I agree with. But I don’t see any difference between those provisions of the underlying bill and what this provision would con-stitute with regard to a key element of Army brigade combat teams. That is the first question. 
The second question is, Did the Sen-
ator know that in the resubmitted version of the amendment, there is a noncontroversial sense-of-the-Senate 
regarding an offset for this to be put forward? 
Finally, I would certainly agree with 
the Senator about trying to fix the top- line numbers and the top-line situation with regard to sequestration, and, as I am sure he knows, I support that. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, I re-
spond to my friend to say that what we have authorized, as the Senator from Louisiana clearly described, is what the services have said they need to do their mission—and based on their re-quirements, not the view of what my requirements are. So I think the Sen-ator’s proposal is very different from what he described. 
Again, there is sufficient funding for 
everything we have authorized in the bill. What this amendment is author-izing in the bill would require an addi-tional $2.4 billion to be authorized out of the budget that was set by the Budg-et Committee, which would then mean reductions in other areas, as I am sure the Senator appreciates, that we au-thorized to the budget numbers as a re-sult of the Budget Committee’s alloca-tion for defense. 
So I thank the Senator from Lou-
isiana for his continued support of the men and women in the military, espe-cially the bases in Louisiana as well as around the world. He is an advocate for the men and women who are serving, and I appreciate his continued dedica-tion to their welfare and benefit. We just have an honest disagreement on whether this amendment is appropriate in our management of the armed serv-ices. 
I thank the Senator. We have a dis-
agreement on the amendment. We will vote on it, as he requested. He re-quested not having a tabling motion. He asked if we could consider his amendment, if we could have it not be a tabling motion, and I am glad to ac-commodate the Senator. 
With that, I yield the floor, and I ask 
unanimous consent to start the vote now. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, all time is yielded back. 
Under the previous order, the ques-
tion is on agreeing to amendment No. 1473, as further modified, offered by the Senator from Louisiana, Mr. V
ITTER . 
Mr. VITTER. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 26, 
nays 73, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.043 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4194 June 16, 2015 
[Rollcall Vote No. 213 Leg.] 
YEAS—26 
Alexander 
Blunt Capito Cassidy Corker Cornyn Crapo Cruz Daines Ernst 
Gardner Grassley Heller Hoeven Isakson Lankford Lee Moran Paul 
Perdue Risch Scott Sullivan Tillis Toomey Vitter 
NAYS—73 
Ayotte 
Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coats Cochran Collins Coons Cotton Donnelly Durbin Enzi Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken 
Gillibrand Graham Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Inhofe Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Peters Portman Reed Reid Roberts Rounds Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Tester Thune Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Rubio 
The amendment (No. 1473), as further 
modified, was rejected. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
Mr. MARKEY. Madam President, I 
seek recognition to speak for up to—I ask unanimous consent to withhold my motion at this time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Oklahoma. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. LANKFORD. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Massachusetts. 
f 
PAPAL ENCYCLICAL ON THE 
ENVIRONMENT 
Mr. MARKEY. Madam President, on 
Thursday, Pope Francis will officially release a historic encyclical on the en-vironment. An encyclical is a personal message from the Pope to Catholic bishops and the 1.2 billion Catholics around the world on a topic that he feels requires urgent attention. It is an opportunity for the Pope to bring to-gether accumulated teachings in a comprehensive way. This will be only Pope Francis’s second papal missive, and it has garnered enough attention that the conservative Heartland Insti-tute traveled to the Vatican this spring to respectfully inform the Pope that there is no global warming crisis. Earlier this week, my colleague Sen-
ator I
NHOFE agreed with the Heartland 
Institute and told them that Pope Francis should ‘‘stay with his job and 
we’ll stay with ours.’’ Well, I disagree with Senator I
NHOFE . Pope Francis is 
doing his job, but it is Republicans in this Chamber who are not doing theirs. 
To those critics who say that Pope 
Francis shouldn’t be speaking out on this, I will give them a very simple his-tory lesson. Pope Francis is not the first to speak out on climate change and environmental protection. He will join a chorus of previous pontiffs who drew attention to the crisis of climate change and its impact on people, espe-cially the poor and the children of our planet. 
In 1971, Pope Paul VI warned that 
human actions that harm nature may make the future intolerable. Pope John Paul II first raised the greenhouse ef-fect as a moral issue in his landmark 1990 World Day of Peace message. Two decades later, Pope Benedict XVI shined a light on environmental refu-gees in his World Day of Peace message and committed the Vatican to going carbon neutral, including installing a massive solar panel energy system on one of the largest buildings in the Vati-can. 
As the leader of more than 1 billion 
Catholics around the world, many of whom are suffering from the worst con-sequences of global warming—disease, displacement, poverty—it is the Pope’s responsibility to speak out on behalf of the people he leads. And that is exactly what he will be calling all of us to do. 
The same people who want to deny 
Pope Francis’s right to speak out on climate change are the same people who deny the science of it. But our un-derstanding of human influence on cli-mate change rests on 150 years of wide- ranging scientific observations and re-search, and it is informed by what we see today with our own eyes and meas-ured by our own hands. 
Here is the reality. Global tempera-
tures are warming, glaciers are melt-ing, sea levels are rising, extreme downpours and weather events are in-creasing, the ocean is becoming more acidic, and last year was the warmest year on record. Increasing tempera-tures increase the risk of bad air days, in turn increasing the risk of asthma attacks and worse for people with lung disease. We have a public health crisis. 
We are already feeling the cost of cli-
mate disruption. The Government Ac-countability Office added climate change to its 2013 high-risk list and found that climate change ‘‘presents a significant financial risk to the Fed-eral Government.’’ GAO could just have easily said it presents a signifi-cant financial risk for all of America. But the United States is not tackling this climate change alone. Efforts are underway in countries all around the world. We are seeing academies of science in country after country all coming to the same conclusion. 
What can we do here in the United 
States to answer the call of the Pope? Here is what we can do. We can make 
sure the wind and the solar tax credits do not expire. That is what is hap-pening in this Congress. We can con-tinue this incredible revolution in wind and solar and other renewable sources. That is going to die in this Congress unless we renew them. 
We can ensure there is a dramatic in-
crease that continues in the fuel econ-omy standards of the vehicles we drive—the cars, the SUVs, the trucks— that dramatically reduces greenhouse gases. We can ensure when President Obama propounds his clean powerplant rules, which will reduce by 30 percent the amount of greenhouse gases going up into the atmosphere by the year 2030, that they are not repealed on the Senate Floor. 
We are the greatest innovation coun-
try in the history of the world. Science and technology are the answer to our prayers. They are going to give our country the ability to give the leader-ship and hope to the rest of the world when we answer the prayer of Pope Francis. The poorest in the world are going to be those who are most ad-versely affected by the richest coun-tries in the world. 
We can, in fact, save all of creation 
by engaging in massive job creation— the new vehicles we drive, the new en-ergy technologies we create, the new technologies that will reduce the amount of greenhouse gases going up from powerplants. We did it once with the Clean Air Act of 1990, and we can do it again. 
So while Pope Francis preaches to 
the world, the world turns to us for leadership. We cannot preach temper-ance from a barstool. We cannot tell the rest of the world they should change their habits unless we take the leadership in creating the new tech-nologies that we deploy here and then see deployed around the rest of the world. 
We can transform the way energy is 
in fact produced across this entire planet within the 21st century. That is what the Pope is asking us to do—not to sacrifice but to innovate, not to give up but to invest in those technologies that will transform this planet. 
President Kennedy called upon us in 
1961 to put a man on the moon by in-vesting in new metals and new propul-sion technologies, so that we could en-sure that the Soviet Union did not im-pose its communistic regime across the entire planet. We invented the new technologies for peaceful purposes. And when our astronauts stepped foot on the moon, that American flag that flew was the return on investment of that generation. This generation of Ameri-cans is now being asked to make the same kind of commitment to a new generation of energy technologies that can reduce greenhouse gases dramati-cally, give leadership for the rest of the world, and answer the call from Pope Francis. 
Those who say it is not Pope 
Francis’s business to speak out on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.018 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4195 June 16, 2015 
something that is obviously created by 
human beings and that can be solved by human beings are wrong. It is his place. He challenges us to put on the books of the laws of this country the kinds of standards that unleash the green energy revolution, that create jobs by the millions, while ensuring that we reduce the greenhouse gases going up and endangering the planet. 
I thank the Chair for the opportunity 
to be recognized, and I say in conclu-sion that it is just an incredible mo-ment when the Pope speaks on an issue of this importance. I am not saying ac-tion will be easy, but if we harness the ambition of the Moon landing, the scope of the Clean Air Act, and the moral imperative of Pope Francis’s en-cyclical, we can leave the world a bet-ter place than we found it. We have the tools to do it. Now we need to forge the political will. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). The Senator from South Da-
kota. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATION ACT 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, this week 
the Senate will complete its work on the National Defense Authorization Act by holding a final vote. The Na-tional Defense Authorization Act is one of the most important bills Con-gress considers each and every year. I think this will mark the 54th consecu-tive year in which Congress has passed a Defense authorization bill, recog-nizing its importance to America’s na-tional security interests. 
The bill authorizes funding for our 
Nation’s military and our national de-fense, ensuring that our soldiers get paid, their equipment and training is funded, and that our commanders have the resources they need to confront the threats that are facing our Nation. 
In particular, this bill ensures our air 
men and women maintain readiness levels and receive the training they need to safely return home after pro-tecting our national security abroad. 
In my State of South Dakota, we are 
proud to host the 28th Bomb Wing at Ellsworth Air Force Base, one of our Nation’s two B–1 bomber bases. The B– 1s are a critical part of the U.S. bomber fleet, providing our military with crit-ical long-range strike capabilities. These bombers have the highest pay-load capacity, the fastest maximum speed, and the lowest cost per flying hour of any bomber in our fleet. 
Bombers from the 28th Bomb Wing 
have played a key role in the armed conflicts the United States has engaged in over the past 20 years. Whatever the mission, from supporting NATO oper-ations in Kosovo to conducting oper-ations in Afghanistan, B–1s from Ells-worth have been in the thick of the ac-tion. 
During Operation Odyssey Dawn, B– 
1s from Ellsworth launched from South Dakota flew halfway around the world to Libya, dropped their bombs, and re-
turned home all in a single mission. This marked the first time in history that B–1s launched combat missions from the United States to strike tar-gets overseas. 
After 8 years of review, the Air Force 
and the Federal Aviation Administra-tion recently finalized the expansion of the Powder River Training Complex, an airspace training range that serves as the primary training space for Ells-worth B–1s, as well as the B–52 bombers based at Minot Air Force Base in North Dakota. 
The expanded training range will be 
the largest training airspace over the continental United States. It will save Ellsworth up to $23 million a year by reducing the need for the B–1 bombers to commute for training to other States, such as Nevada and Utah. In an era of tighter budgets, measures such as this, which increase readiness while saving costs, are essential. 
I was pleased to work with the Air 
Force and the FAA on this critical ex-pansion, and I am hopeful our air men and women will be able to start using this range for large-force training exer-cises in the near future. 
In addition to ensuring our military 
has the resources necessary to main-tain our B–1 bombers, the bill author-izes full funding for one of the Air Force’s top acquisition priorities—the Long Range Strike Bomber, which rep-resents the future of our bomber fleet. This aircraft is scheduled to come on line by the mid-2020s and is just one of many acquisition priorities necessary to defend our Nation against future threats. 
Our Nation’s defense budget must 
consider not only the enemies we face today but also those we will face to-morrow. 
In addition to the critical funding 
this bill authorizes, this year’s bill is particularly important because it con-tains a number of reforms that will ex-pand the resources available to our military men and women and strength-en our national security. 
For starters, this bill tackles waste 
and inefficiency at the Department of Defense. It targets $10 billion in unnec-essary spending and redirects those funds to military priorities such as funding for aircraft and weapons sys-tems and modernization of Navy ves-sels. 
The bill also implements sweeping 
reforms to the military’s outdated ac-quisitions process by removing bu-reaucracy and expediting decision-making, which will significantly im-prove the military’s ability to access the technology and the equipment it needs. 
The act also implements a number of 
reforms to the Pentagon’s administra-tive functions. Over the past decade, Army Headquarters staff has increased by 60 percent. Yet, in recent years, the Army has been cutting brigade combat teams. From 2001 to 2012, the Depart-ment of Defense’s civilian workforce grew at five times the rate of our Ac-
tive-Duty military personnel. There is something wrong with that picture. Prioritizing bureaucracy at the ex-pense of our preparedness and our Ac-tive-Duty personnel is not an accept-able use of resources. 
The Defense authorization bill we are 
considering changes the emphasis at the Department of Defense from ad-ministration to operations, which will help ensure that our military personnel receive the training they need and that they are ready to meet any threats that arise. 
The bill also overhauls our military 
retirement system. The current mili-tary retirement system limits retire-ment benefits to soldiers who serve for 20 years or more—which doesn’t apply, by the way, to 83 percent of those who have served, including many veterans of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. The Defense bill replaces this system with a modern retirement system that would extend retirement benefits to 75 percent of our servicemembers. 
This bill is the product of a bipar-
tisan process, and it received bipar-tisan support in committee. I believe it came out of the Armed Services Com-mittee by a vote of 20 to 6. This makes it particularly disappointing that the President is attempting to hijack this bill for political purposes. 
Despite the fact that this legislation 
authorizes spending at the President’s budget request—his budget request—of $612 billion, the President is threat-ening to veto this legislation if Repub-licans don’t agree to provide more funding for agencies such as the IRS and EPA, and he has tried to convince Democrats here in the Senate to aban-don bipartisan efforts on this bill and back up a Presidential veto. 
Holding up funding authorization for 
our troops is reckless, and it is irre-sponsible. And it is flat wrong for the President of the United States to at-tempt to hijack this bill not because he disagrees with the bill itself but be-cause he wants to make sure his pet projects receive the funding he wants. 
At this very moment, threats are 
multiplying around the world. Russian aggression is on the rise. ISIS fighters are carving a trail of slaughter across the Middle East. Iran is working to ac-quire a nuclear weapon. Now more than ever, we cannot afford to be holding up funding for our military, especially for partisan political purposes. 
Democrats and Republicans have had 
a chance to make their voices heard on this bill, and our joint efforts have re-
sulted in strong, bipartisan legislation that will ensure that our military is prepared to meet the threats of the 21st century. The Senate should pass this bill this week and the President should sign it to make sure our troops have the equipment and the resources they need to do the most important thing we can do as a nation, and that is de-fend our country. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.048 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4196 June 16, 2015 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that I be permitted to speak for up to 15 minutes and that Senator D
URBIN be recognized fol-
lowing my remarks. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SENIOR HUNGER AND GAO 
REPORT 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I want 
to touch on an issue that I think does not get the attention it deserves. My view is that a nation is judged not by how many billionaires and millionaires it has but by how it treats the most vulnerable people among us. If we look at the greatness of a nation in that re-spect, the sad truth is that the United States today does not get particularly high marks. That is true not only in the way we treat our children, but it is also true in the way we treat our sen-iors. 
Yesterday, at my request, the Gov-
ernment Accountability Office—the GAO—released a new report that found that nearly 4 million seniors in our country are what they call food inse-cure. That means these seniors do not know where their next meal is coming from. What that means is that nearly 4 million American seniors may skip dinner tonight because they do not have enough money to buy food today. 
Every day in my State of Vermont 
and around this country, millions of seniors have to juggle with their lim-ited budgets their ability to buy food, their ability to buy medicine, or, in the wintertime, their ability to keep them-selves warm in their homes. Those are not the choices seniors in this country should be forced to make. 
There is a myth out there pushed by 
corporate and moneyed interests sug-gesting that seniors in this country are doing just great, that all seniors are comfortably middle class. But those people who hold those views have not looked at the reality of life for many seniors in this country. The truth is— and this is really a shocking truth— that 20 percent of seniors in America live on an average income of $7,600 a year. Between us, I don’t know how anybody can live on $7,600 a year, let alone older people who need more med-icine and more health care. 
The GAO recently found that more 
than half of all older American house-holds have absolutely no retirement savings. So we are looking at families where people 55 or 60 have zero saved for retirement because for many years they have been working for wages that have been totally inadequate, pre-venting them from putting money into the bank. 
Many seniors obviously have worked 
their whole lives. They have raised kids. But, sadly, many of them do not have the resources they need to live a secure retirement. 
As I mentioned a moment ago, we 
have seniors in this country who are going hungry. The GAO report found 
that fewer than 10 percent of low-in-come seniors who needed a home-deliv-ered meal in 2013 received one. In other words, what we have created here in Congress over the years are good and effective programs, such as the Meals on Wheels program, that provide nutri-tious food to the most vulnerable peo-ple in this country—seniors who can-not leave their homes; yet, what the GAO report discovered is that fewer than 10 percent of low-income seniors who needed a home-delivered meal in 2013 received one. 
I have gone to many senior citizen lo-
cations around this country, and I know that many senior citizens enjoy coming out and getting a congregate meal. They go to senior centers, and they are able to socialize with their friends. They get a good and nutritious meal at a reasonable price. Unfortu-nately, fewer than 10 percent of low-in-come seniors who need a congregate meal receive one. 
The need, in fact, is growing amongst 
seniors. GAO found that a higher per-centage of low-income seniors are food insecure now—24 percent in 2013—than were in 2008, when the number was 19 percent. So the problem is becoming more acute. One in three low-income seniors aged 60 to 69 is food insecure; yet, fewer than 5 percent receive a meal at home and fewer than 5 percent receive a congregate meal in a senior center. 
GAO found that seniors with a dis-
ability, minorities, and older adults living on less than $10,000 a year were even more likely to be hungry. Over-whelmingly, those seniors are not get-ting the help they need. 
The report also found that 16 million 
older adults from all income levels re-port difficulties with one or more daily activity, such as shopping, bathing, or getting dressed. More than two-thirds of these seniors do not get the help they need. 
Many of the programs designed to 
provide support to seniors—in terms of Meals on Wheels, in terms of the Con-gregate Meal Program, and in terms of a variety of other programs—are fund-ed by the Older Americans Act. The Older Americans Act was first passed by Congress in 1965, which is the same year Medicare and Medicaid were passed. This year, all three programs are celebrating their 50th anniversary. 
I requested this study to see how sen-
iors have been faring in recent years. GAO reported that while the number of older adults in America has increased from 56 to 63 million Americans, the Older Americans Act funding provided to States has gone down since 2009. In other words, the need has gone up, but the funding has gone down. At current funding levels, less than two-tenths percent of Federal discretionary spend-ing is going to achieve its original pur-pose. 
Common sense tells us that putting 
money into prevention and keeping seniors healthy in the end run not only prevents human suffering, but it also 
saves us money. If a senior is malnour-ished, that senior is more likely to fall, break a hip, end up in the hospital, at huge expense for Medicaid and Medi-care. It makes sense to me, it seems, that if we fund adequately this impor-tant program which keeps seniors healthy, independent, and out of hos-pitals and nursing homes—that is what we should be doing. That is why I sent a letter to my colleagues on the Senate Appropriations Committee calling for a 12-percent increase in funding for the Older Americans Act programs, such as the nutrition programs. Thirty-two colleagues joined me on that letter. I hope that when we receive the funding level for the Older Americans Act this year, we will see an increase on these important programs. We should not be giving more tax breaks to those who don’t need them. Instead, we should be expanding nutrition programs and other services for seniors. 
I also encourage my colleagues to 
support the bill reauthorizing the Older Americans Act, S. 192, and I look for-ward to working with the Presiding Of-ficer to reauthorize and expand these critical programs for seniors. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF HOLY GHOST UKRAIN-IAN CATHOLIC CHURCH 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize Holy Ghost Ukrainian Catholic Church as it celebrates its 100th anniversary. Holy Ghost Ukrain-ian Church was founded in Akron, OH by a small group of faithful and pas-sionate Ukrainian Christians. 
In 1915, the Holy Ghost Ukrainian 
Catholic Church began when two orga-nizations came together to create a place where Ukrainian immigrants could practice the beliefs and tradi-tions they cherished in the new coun-try they called home. The parish has grown and prospered over the years, and continues to flourish at its original location at 1866 Brown Street, offering a center for spiritual and cultural life to Akron and surrounding northeast Ohio communities. 
On June 21, 2015, Father Vsevolod 
Schevchuk, ‘‘Father Sal’’, and parish-ioners will welcome honored guests His Beatitude Sviatoslav Sherchuk, Patri-arch, and The Most Reverend Bohdan J. Danylo, Bishop, of the Ukrainian Catholic Church to their Hierarchical Divine Liturgy and celebration dinner. The congregation will join together on this day to celebrate the anniversary of the church, their Ukrainian cultural 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.050 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4197 June 16, 2015 
traditions, and all that this parish has 
meant to the community throughout the years. 
With more than 50,000 Ukrainian 
Americans in Ohio, cultural and reli-gious ties remain strong within the community and between Ohio and Ukraine. As cochair of the U.S. Senate Ukrainian Caucus, I have had the privi-lege of working with the Ukrainian community and know how strongly connected they remain with family and friends overseas. I am certain the con-tinued engagement of Ukrainians in the United States is making a dif-ference in the efforts for the independ-ence of Ukraine. I join the members of the Holy Ghost parish and Ukrainians throughout the United States who con-tinue to pray and work toward a peace-ful resolution to the situation in Ukraine. I am proud to stand with Ukrainian Americans and the Ukrain-ian people as they further their resolve and commitment to maintaining a free and independent Ukraine. 
Mr. President, I would like to person-
ally extend my congratulations to Holy Ghost Ukrainian Catholic Church on 100 years of faith, service, and worship. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PETER BLAIR 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, Peter Blair 
has been a highly valued and trusted member of my staff from the time I took office in 2011. He was part of the team that did the heavy lifting of get-ting the Senate office off the ground and was instrumental in establishing the systems, structure, and disciplines necessary to support the Senate office and serve the people of Utah. 
Peter has filled a wide range of roles 
and responsibilities in our office, from administrative duties to correspond-ence and constituent services, from strategic relationships and outreach to the vital role of handling our veterans’ affairs. He has approached each of these with a firm commitment to ex-cellence, an eye toward challenging the status quo, and a determination to de-liver an experience that is meaningful and memorable. 
Assigning something to Peter is not 
only to consider it done but to know that it will be done right. His commit-ment to serve the office at anytime, day or night, and in whatever way is needed is extraordinary. He has been vital to the office running on all cyl-inders. Late night votes, townhalls, serving constituents and veterans, and coordinating with the hardworking people who really make the Senate function, were all part of a day’s work for Peter. 
Peter has a unique and innovative 
way of looking at tasks, projects and long-term opportunities—one I wish more people in Washington would em-brace. Peter is a servant leader—a street-smart and savvy servant, who understands strategy, structure, and discipline and is simply determined to deliver regardless of circumstances or setbacks. Peter is a forever learner. His quest 
to find a better way to do things and his inner drive to make a difference has had an impact on every aspect of my office. He is a trusted colleague who is more concerned about getting things done and done right than he is about who gets credit. Ronald Reagan often made the comment, ‘‘There is no limit to what a man can do or where he can go if he doesn’t mind who gets the credit.’’ I would add that there is no limit to Peter’s impact and where he can go in the future, because he doesn’t care who gets the credit. 
It has been a blessing for me, my 
family, and my staff to have Peter as a member of our team. Having Peter around, from the early days of my serv-ice in the Senate, has given me great confidence and peace of mind. Nothing has been better than knowing that the moment an assignment was given to Peter it had begun, would soon be done, and above all, be done right. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RYAN M CKEON 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, Ryan 
McKeon has served as my chief advisor on economic policy for the past several years and has been an indispensable member of my staff. The old saying, ‘‘still water runs deep,’’ is a good meta-phor for Ryan. Many on Capitol Hill race about trying to call attention to themselves or create a torrent of activ-ity to prove how smart or important they are. Ryan, on the other hand, has a style that is indicative of the depth of his substance. He is concerned with properly informing, not impressing, and is less interested in entertaining than he is in engaging in deeper dia-logue on issues that matter. 
I have trusted Ryan’s wisdom and 
keen insight on a wide range of policy issues and have always had complete confidence in his thorough briefings and recommendations. He has been the driving force behind an expanding and more meaningful economic policy reach from my office. 
Ryan is very perceptive. His under-
standing of core disciplines, principles, and policies, as well as the nuances and subtleties of his issue areas, has been priceless. Ryan is aware of not only the principle and policy ramifications of congressional business but the likely results and down-stream effect of the decisions made. Ryan’s stillness allows him to present information in a con-cise, clear manner that informs me of vital data and impact points while fil-tering out the noise and chatter typ-ical of Washington, DC, debate. 
Everyone in my office knows they 
can approach Ryan to have him run the numbers on any piece of legislation. He understands the big picture and regu-larly worked in tandem with our com-munications team to ensure our mes-saging was congruent with what we had introduced legislatively. Ryan has worked well with other offices, as well as with academics and highly special-ized policy experts outside of my office. While so much of Ryan’s work is cen-
tered in serious issues and tough top-ics, he also knows the value of some well placed humor, a wry comment, and a little levity. 
Ryan is committed to adding value 
and making a difference. I greatly ap-preciate what he has done for me, for the people of Utah, and for our nation. There is a confidence that comes of stillness, a strength that comes from serenity, and quiet determination that comes from depth. Ryan McKeon runs deep, and I am confident his influence will continue to ripple and roll on in the years ahead. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
CELEBRATING THE 60TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF HOXIE SCHOOL INTE-GRATION 
∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today 
I wish to honor the resilience, deter-mination, and courage of the commu-nity of Hoxie, AR for its leadership in school desegregation and the founda-tion it laid for integration across the country. 
This year, the community is cele-
brating the 60th anniversary of the first day of school for the African- American students who became known as the Hoxie 21. 
This small northeast Arkansas com-
munity voluntarily integrated its schools in the summer of 1955 in re-sponse to the Supreme Court case Brown v. Board of Education. The rea-soning for the school board and Super-intendent Kunkel Edward Vance’s deci-sion was simple; integration was ‘‘mor-ally right in the sight of God.’’ 
On July 11, 1955, African-American 
students made history in Hoxie and helped build the momentum for inte-gration. 
This unprecedented move began with 
a smooth transition, and the students were welcomed into the school. The news of a small town in the South de-segregating peacefully caught the at-tention of Life magazine, and in its July 1955 issue the story captured the attention of the world. Unfortunately, the media attention brought with it an avalanche of negativity despite the positive and peaceful progression. 
This action was unpopular in the 
South and while segregationists flood-ed the community in protest, families of the Hoxie 21 and school leaders stood their ground and with great faith per-severed against the inequality. 
The Hoxie School Board fought back 
by filing suit on the segregationists, charging the segregationists with tres-passing on school property, threat-ening picket lines, organizing boycotts and intimidating school officials. Citi-zens of Hoxie of all races peacefully waited for a resolution, and with en-couragement from the NAACP were able to stand up against the verbal and physical threats from the segregation-ists. Their patience and fortitude was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.056 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4198 June 16, 2015 
soon rewarded. In September, the FBI 
became involved in the investigation. Two months later, Federal District Judge Thomas C. Trimble ruled that segregationists prevented integration in Hoxie, and issued a temporary re-straining order against them. In De-cember, a permanent ban against the segregationists was issued and later upheld by the Supreme Court, freeing the school of their influence. It was the first mediation in support of a school district trying to comply with Brown v. Board of Education—a momentous moment for the country and a victory for integration. 
This decision was instrumental in de-
segregating the entire country and was a major victory for the 14th Amend-ment. This demonstrates that change only comes when people stand up for what is morally right. 
I congratulate the town of Hoxie and 
the Hoxie 21 on this milestone. I am en-couraged by your dedication to share this history and positive message. I thank the Hoxie 21 and the community for their bravery in the face of adver-sity. It is an honor to tell your story and educate people about your strug-gle. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING HAROLD E. WARD 
∑Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, when 
author Tom Brokaw called Americans who came of age during World War II the ‘‘greatest generation,’’ he had in mind remarkable people like Harold E. Ward, who passed away last week. Mr. Ward lived nearly six decades in Lee, NH, where neighbors knew him for his kindness and warm smile. But few knew that during his 94 years he bore witness to some of the most profound events and transformations of 20th and 21st century America. 
In his teens, during the Great Depres-
sion, he experienced dire poverty and frequent hunger, enduring what he called ‘‘missed meal cramps.’’ As an Af-rican American, he endured the slights and segregation of Jim Crow, including when he joined the Navy 2 years before the United States entered World War II. Mr. Ward had graduated from trade school as a skilled electrician, but the few African Americans serving in the Navy were routinely assigned to me-nial positions such as stewards for ship officers. It was only later, after deseg-regation of the military, that he be-came a cook. 
On Sunday morning, December 7, 
1941, he was on duty aboard the USS San Francisco at Pearl Harbor. From 
his battle station, he witnessed the most devastating foreign attack ever carried out against our military on U.S. soil. 
That was Harold Ward’s first taste of 
combat but far from the last. Eleven months later, serving in the Pacific during the Battle of Guadalcanal, he survived numerous wounds from shell fragments and watched a close friend die next to him. He was awarded the Purple Heart. But, referring to shrap-nel permanently embedded in his legs, 
he later said, ‘‘I wear my medals on my body.’’ Recalling the prejudice he faced as a Black sailor, he told a local news-paper: ‘‘You look back on it, and de-spite the fact there was such a separa-tion of people, all the blood ran red.’’ 
Harold Ward served two decades in 
the Navy, retiring as first class petty officer commissary steward. He went on to use his culinary skills at res-taurants in Exeter and Durham, NH, including his own restaurant, Harold’s Place, and also worked as a part-time police officer in Lee. 
Mr. Ward was a 55-year member, past 
commander, and chaplain of American Legion Post 67 in Newmarket, NH, and a founding member and past com-mander of Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 10676 in Lee. He lived to witness the end of legal segregation, the tri-umphs of the civil rights movement, and the election and reelection of an African-American President. 
Across the decades, Mr. Ward was a 
gifted mentor to countless young peo-ple who crossed his path. Harold and his wife Virginia treated these young men and women as members of the Ward family, giving them love, coun-sel, and a place to call home. 
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., said, 
‘‘Life’s most urgent and persistent question is: What are you doing for others?’’ Across his eventful life, Har-old Ward answered that question in powerful ways, including service to his country, to his community, and to any-one he encountered who needed a help-ing hand or a wise word. 
Harold was predeceased by his be-
loved wife Virginia and two sons, Bruce and Theodore. He is remembered with much love by daughters Linda and Har-riet and son Michael. The Lee commu-nity is mourning his passing, as are countless people whose lives he touched. On behalf of the United States Senate and a grateful nation, I thank Harold Ward for his many years of dedicated service. May he rest in peace. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mrs. Neiman, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate proceedings.) PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE 
PROPOSED AGREEMENT FOR CO-
OPERATION BETWEEN THE GOV-ERNMENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND THE GOVERNMENT OF THE REPUBLIC OF KOREA CONCERNING PEACE-FUL USES OF NUCLEAR EN-ERGY—PM 20 
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-
fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with accompanying papers; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
I am pleased to transmit to the Con-
gress, pursuant to sections 123 b. and 123 d. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended (42 U.S.C. 2153(b), (d)) (the ‘‘Act’’), the text of a proposed Agree-ment for Cooperation Between the Gov-ernment of the United States of Amer-ica and the Government of the Repub-lic of Korea Concerning Peaceful Uses of Nuclear Energy (the ‘‘Agreement’’). I am also pleased to transmit my writ-ten approval, authorization, and deter-mination concerning the proposed Agreement, and an unclassified Nu-clear Proliferation Assessment State-ment (NPAS) concerning the proposed Agreement. (In accordance with sec-tion 123 of the Act, as amended by Title XII of the Foreign Affairs Reform and Restructuring Act of 1998 (Public Law 105–277), two classified annexes to the NPAS, prepared by the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Direc-tor of National Intelligence, summa-rizing relevant classified information, will be submitted to the Congress sepa-rately.) The joint memorandum sub-mitted to me by the Secretaries of State and Energy and a letter from the Chairman of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission stating the views of the Commission are also enclosed. An ad-dendum to the NPAS containing a comprehensive analysis of the export control system of the Republic of Korea (ROK) with respect to nuclear- related matters, including interactions with other countries of proliferation concern and the actual or suspected nuclear, dual-use, or missile-related transfers to such countries, pursuant to section 102A(w) of the National Se-curity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(w)), is being submitted separately by the Di-rector of National Intelligence. 
The proposed Agreement has been ne-
gotiated in accordance with the Act and other applicable law. In my judg-ment, it meets all applicable statutory requirements and will advance the non-proliferation and other foreign policy interests of the United States. 
The proposed Agreement contains all 
of the requirements established by sec-tion 123 a. of the Act. It provides a comprehensive framework for peaceful nuclear cooperation with the ROK based on a mutual commitment to nu-clear nonproliferation. It would permit 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.046 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4199 June 16, 2015 
the transfer of material, equipment 
(including reactors), components, in-formation, and technology for nuclear research and nuclear power production. It would not permit the transfer of Re-stricted Data, and sensitive nuclear technology or technology or informa-tion that is not in the public domain concerning fabrication of nuclear fuel containing plutonium could only be transferred if specifically provided by an amendment to the proposed Agree-ment or a separate agreement. Any special fissionable material transferred could only be in the form of low en-riched uranium, with two exceptions: small quantities of material for use as 
samples; or for other specified applica-tions such as use in loading and oper-ation of fast reactors or the conduct of fast reactor experiments. The proposed Agreement would also obligate the United States to endeavor to take such actions as may be necessary and fea-sible to ensure a reliable supply of low enriched uranium fuel to the ROK, similar to terms contained in other re-cent civil nuclear cooperation agree-ments. 
The proposed Agreement would also 
establish a new standing High-Level Bilateral Commission (HLBC) to be led by the Deputy Secretary of Energy for the Government of the United States of America and the Vice Minister of For-eign Affairs for the Government of the ROK. The purpose of the HLBC is to fa-cilitate peaceful nuclear and strategic cooperation between the parties and ongoing dialogue regarding areas of mutual interest in civil nuclear energy, including the civil nuclear fuel cycle. 
The proposed Agreement will have an 
initial term of 20 years and would renew for one additional period of 5 years unless either party gives written notice at least 2 years prior to its expi-ration that it does not want to renew the proposed Agreement. The proposed Agreement also requires the parties to consult as soon as possible after the seventeenth anniversary of its entry into force to decide whether to pursue an extension of the proposed Agree-ment. In the event of termination of the proposed Agreement, key non-proliferation conditions and controls will continue in effect as long as any nuclear material, moderator material, byproduct material, equipment, or component subject to the proposed Agreement remains in the territory of the party concerned or under its juris-diction or control anywhere, or until such time as the parties agree that, in the case of nuclear material or moder-ator material, such items are no longer usable for any nuclear activity rel-evant from the point of view of inter-national safeguards or have become practically irrecoverable, or in the case of equipment, components, or byprod-uct material, such items are no longer usable for nuclear purposes. 
The ROK has a strong track record 
on nonproliferation and its government has consistently reiterated its commit-ment to nonproliferation. The ROK is a party to the Treaty on the Non-pro-
liferation of Nuclear Weapons, has an International Atomic Energy Agency safeguards agreement and Additional Protocol in force, is a member of the four multilateral nonproliferation ex-port control regimes (Missile Tech-nology Control Regime, Wassenaar Ar-rangement, Australia Group, and Nu-clear Suppliers Group, for which it served as Chair in 2003–2004 and is scheduled to do so again in 2015–2016), and is an active participant in the Pro-liferation Security Initiative. A more detailed discussion of the ROK’s civil nuclear program and its nuclear non-proliferation policies and practices, in-cluding its nuclear export policies and practices, is provided in the NPAS and in two classified annexes to the NPAS submitted to you separately. As noted above, the Director of National Intel-ligence will provide an addendum to the NPAS containing a comprehensive analysis of the export control system of the ROK with respect to nuclear-re-lated matters. 
I have considered the views and rec-
ommendations of the interested depart-ments and agencies in reviewing the proposed Agreement and have deter-mined that its performance will pro-mote, and will not constitute an unrea-sonable risk to, the common defense and security. Accordingly, I have ap-proved the proposed Agreement and au-thorized its execution and urge that the Congress give it favorable consider-ation. 
This transmission shall constitute a 
submittal for purposes of both sections 123 b. and 123 d. of the Act. My Admin-istration is prepared to begin imme-diately the consultations with the Sen-ate Foreign Relations Committee and the House Foreign Affairs Committee as provided in section 123 b. Upon com-pletion of the 30 days of continuous session review provided for in section 123 b., the 60 days of continuous session review provided for in section 123 d. shall commence. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , June 16, 2015. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 11:09 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 728. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 7050 Highway BB in Cedar Hill, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William B. Woods, Jr. Post Office’’. 
H.R. 891. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 141 Paloma Drive in Floresville, Texas, as the ‘‘Floresville Veterans Post Office Build-ing’’. 
H.R. 1326. An act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located at 2000 Mulford Road in Mulberry, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Daniel M. Fer-guson Post Office’’. 
H.R. 1350. An act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located at 442 East 167th Street in Bronx, New York, 
as the ‘‘Herman Badillo Post Office Build-ing’’. 
H.R. 2131. An act to designate the Federal 
building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Waties Waring Ju-dicial Center’’. 
H.R. 2559. An act to designate the ‘‘PFC 
Milton A. Lee Medal of Honor Memorial Highway’’ in the State of Texas. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bills were read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 728. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 7050 Highway BB in Cedar Hill, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William B. Woods, Jr. Post Office’’; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
H.R. 891. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 141 Paloma Drive in Floresville, Texas, as the ‘‘Floresville Veterans Post Office Build-ing’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
H.R. 1326. An act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located at 2000 Mulford Road in Mulberry, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Daniel M. Fer-guson Post Office’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
H.R. 1350. An act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located at 442 East 167th Street in Bronx, New York, as the ‘‘Herman Badillo Post Office Build-ing’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
H.R. 2131. An act to designate the Federal 
building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Waties Waring Ju-dicial Center’’; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
H.R. 2559. An act to designate the ‘‘PFC 
Milton A. Lee Medal of Honor Memorial Highway’’ in the State of Texas; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–1952. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Iran-Related Multi-lateral Sanctions Regime Efforts’’ covering the period August 7, 2014 to February 6, 2015; to the Committees on Foreign Relations; Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; and Fi-nance. 
EC–1953. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Proceedings Before the Commodity Futures Trading Commission; Rules Relating to Suspension or Disbarment from Appearance and Prac-tice’’ (RIN3038–AE21) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 11, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1954. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral Bruce E. Grooms, United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of vice admiral 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.020 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4200 June 16, 2015 
on the retired list; to the Committee on 
Armed Services. 
EC–1955. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Annual Report of the Reserve Forces Policy Board for fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1956. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to sections 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–001); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
EC–1957. A communication from the Regu-
latory Specialist of the Legislative and Reg-ulatory Activities Division, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Minimum Re-quirements for Appraisal Management Com-panies’’ (RIN1557–AD64) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 11, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1958. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director for Regulatory Affairs, Office of Foreign Assets Control, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Cuban Assets Con-trol Regulations; Terrorism List Govern-ments Sanctions Regulations’’ (31 CFR Parts 515 and 596) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 11, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1959. A communication from the Presi-
dent and Chief Executive Officer, Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, Bank’s 2014 Manage-ment Report and statement on system of in-ternal controls; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1960. A communication from the Presi-
dent and Chief Executive Officer, Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Bank’s 2014 manage-ment report and statement on the system of internal controls; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1961. A communication from the Execu-
tive Vice President and Chief Financial Offi-cer of the Federal Home Loan Bank of At-lanta, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Bank’s 2014 management report and state-ment on system of internal controls; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1962. A communication from the Assist-
ant to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement; Capital Adequacy of Board-Regulated Insti-tutions; Bank Holding Companies; Savings and Loan Holding Companies.’’ (RIN1700– AE30) (FRB Docket No. R–1509)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 11, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1963. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Substantial Busi-ness Activities’’ ((RIN1545–BM85) (TD 9720)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 11, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–1964. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Update of Pre-Ap-proved Plan Revenue Procedure’’ (Rev. Proc. 2015–36) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 11, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. EC–1965. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Segregation Rule Effective Date’’ ((RIN1545–BM17) (TD 9721)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 11, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–1966. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Family Violence Prevention and Services Program for fiscal years 2011–2012; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1967. A communication from the Chair-
woman of the Federal Trade Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semi-annual Report of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–1968. A communication from the Acting 
Chairman of the Consumer Product Safety Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semiannual Report of the Inspector Gen-eral for the period from October 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–1969. A communication from the Dep-
uty Secretary of Defense, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the Department of Defense Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–1970. A communication from the Fed-
eral Liaison Officer, Patent and Trademark Office, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Changes in Requirements for Collec-tive Trademarks and Service Marks, Collec-tive Membership Marks, and Certification Marks’’ (RIN0651–AC89) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 11, 2015; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–1971. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, Office of the General Counsel, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Administrator, Pipe-line and Hazardous Materials Safety Admin-istration, Department of Transportation, re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 11, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1972. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, Office of the General Counsel, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Administrator, Fed-eral Railroad Administration, Department of Transportation, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 11, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS 
The following petition or memorial 
was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–37. A joint resolution adopted by the 
Legislature of the State of Maine memori-alizing the President of the United States and Congress of the United States to require expansion of fish hatchery operations; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
H
OUSE PAPER 933 
Whereas, the Atlantic salmon, Salmo 
salar, is a salmon found in the north Atlan-tic Ocean and in rivers that flow into the 
north Atlantic Ocean, and the fish has his-torically been an important economic asset to the State of Maine; and 
Whereas, the major rivers of the State 
once ran thick with salmon traveling up-stream to spawn; and 
Whereas, salmon populations have been re-
duced to nearly undetectable numbers in most rivers in Maine; and 
Whereas, the Federal Government has des-
ignated the Atlantic salmon as an endan-gered species; and 
Whereas, the Federal Government spends 
millions of dollars annually to restore the species with no significant success; and 
Whereas, there are specific hatchery oper-
ations that can improve upon the current re-sults; and 
Whereas, a significant number of salmon 
originating in Maine are being harvested in a commercial fishery off the west coast of Greenland; and 
Whereas, this fishery is a major obstacle to 
the restoration of salmon in Maine rivers: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That We, your Memorialists, on 
behalf of the people we represent, take this opportunity to respectfully request that the President and the United States Congress di-rect the United States Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Marine Fisheries Service to expand hatchery operations to rivers in Maine by partnering with the State and with the many non-government organi-zations that are focused on restoring Atlan-tic salmon to their historic natal rivers; and be it further 
Resolved, That We, your Memorialists, urge 
that additional resources be made available to the United States State Department that would assist its efforts through the North Atlantic Salmon Conservation Organization convention to help with the curtailment or suspension of the wild Atlantic salmon fish-ery off the west coast of Greenland; and be it further 
Resolved, that suitable copies of this reso-
lution, duly authenticated by the Secretary of State, be transmitted to the Honorable Barack H. Obama, President of the United States, to the President of the United States Senate, to the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives and to each Mem-ber of the Maine Congressional Delegation. 
POM–38. A resolution adopted by the Sen-
ate of the State of Michigan calling on the President of the United States and the Con-gress of the United States to direct the Army Corps of Engineers to fully support ef-forts to determine the best long-term solu-tion for preventing Asian carp from entering the Great Lakes and to move decisively to implement a solution; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
S
ENATE RESOLUTION NO. 23 
Whereas, The Great Lakes are one of our 
nation’s great natural wonders. Bordering Michigan and seven other states, these in-land seas contain nearly one-fifth of the world’s surface fresh water. They support jobs in manufacturing, tourism, recreation, shipping, agriculture, science, engineering, energy, and mining throughout the region. The protection of the Great Lakes is essen-tial to Michigan’s state identity and econ-omy as well as national economic growth; and 
Whereas, Asian carp pose an imminent 
threat to the Great Lakes ecosystem and economy. Asian carp have successfully in-vaded the Mississippi River basin and now stand only 50 miles downstream from the Great Lakes. Asian carp can reproduce rap-idly, consume large quantities of food, dis-rupt local ecosystems, out-compete native 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.032 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4201 June 16, 2015 
fish, and devastate recreational fishing and 
boating opportunities. There is general sci-entific consensus that Asian carp will be able to establish populations and thrive in areas of the Great Lakes. Once established, they will be difficult, if not impossible, to control or eradicate. Thus, the federal government has recognized Asian carp as ‘‘the most acute [aquatic invasive species] threat facing the Great Lakes today’’; and 
Whereas, A permanent, long-term solution 
must be identified and implemented to keep Asian carp out of the Great Lakes. While the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers’ Great Lakes and Mississippi River Interbasin Study iden-tified a number of solutions, it stopped short of determining the best option. Regional ef-forts to reach consensus on a solution, such as those of the Chicago Area Waterway Sys-tem Advisory Committee, must be supported and recommendations seriously considered; and 
Whereas, The best long-term solution will 
prevent Asian carp from entering the Great Lakes while preserving as much as possible the current uses of the Chicago area water-ways. Although effective Asian carp preven-tion is paramount and should not be com-promised, the value, impacts, and costs to the barge industry must also be taken into account; and 
Whereas, Regardless of the means, imme-
diate and decisive action is required to pro-tect the Great Lakes. The status quo will not prevent irreparable harm. Asian carp could cause billions of dollars in lost revenues and thousands of lost jobs in the $7 billion sports and commercial fishing industry and the $9 billion recreational boating industry. In ad-dition, damage done to the Great Lakes, riv-ers, and inland lakes by Asian carp would greatly harm our state’s viability as an at-tractive vacation destination, thereby lead-ing to decreased tourism revenue and jobs: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Senate, That we call on the 
Obama Administration and the Congress of the United States to direct the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to fully support efforts to determine the best long-term solution for preventing Asian carp from entering the Great Lakes; and be it further 
Resolved, That we urge the Obama Admin-
istration and Congress to provide sufficient funding that will ensure the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers moves decisively to im-plement a solution; and be it further 
Resolved, That copies of this resolution be 
transmitted to the President of the United States, the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, and the members of the Michigan congressional delegation. 
POM–39. A resolution adopted by the Sen-
ate of the State of Michigan memorializing the Congress of the United States to pass legislation that authorizes the Army Corps of Engineers to implement measures at the Brandon Road lock and dam to prevent Asian carp from entering the Great Lakes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
S
ENATE RESOLUTION NO. 25 
Whereas, Asian carp are an imminent and 
serious threat to the health and economy of Michigan and the entire Great Lakes region. Only 50 miles downstream from Lake Michi-gan, this aquatic invasive species’ voracious appetite would disrupt food webs, leaving in-adequate food for more desirable species within the Great Lakes, and threatening the $7-billion Great Lakes recreational and com-mercial fishing industry; and 
Whereas, Current controls in the Chicago 
area are inadequate to prevent the move-ment of Asian carp and potential future aquatic invasive species (AIS) between the 
Great Lakes system and the Mississippi River system. A U.S. Army Corps of Engi-neer and U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service study has demonstrated that the electrical barriers that provide the front line of protection against carp do not prevent the movement of all fish; and 
Whereas, Control measures implemented 
at the Brandon Road lock and dam in Joliet, Illinois, would reduce the risk of an Asian carp invasion while maintaining efficient navigation. Composed of representatives from government, industry, business, an-glers, and conservation groups, the Chicago Area Waterway System Advisory Committee has recommended the deployment of innova-tive technologies and the reconfiguration of the locks in a newly-engineered channel at this key location. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers has begun the scoping process for this project; and 
Whereas, Moving forward with design, en-
gineering, and construction of these meas-ures would be a worthwhile short-term and longterm investment in the Great Lakes re-gion. While negotiations continue on a per-manent long-term solution, these measures would provide additional protection and be consistent with an eventual long-term solu-tion. In addition, this project would serve as a valuable demonstration for technologies that could be implemented in other areas of the country; and 
Whereas, There is a window of opportunity 
now to protect the Great Lakes, avoid irrep-arable harm to the system, and prevent dec-ade upon decade of future management costs. Once established, Asian carp would be nearly impossible to eradicate and would join zebra mussels, sea lamprey, and other AIS that Great Lakes governments and businesses spend millions of dollars per year to control. The Brandon Road lock and dam project would be a solid first step in creating greater structural protections for the Great Lakes: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Senate, That we memori-
alize the Congress of the United States to pass legislation that authorizes the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to implement measures at the Brandon Road lock and dam to prevent Asian carp from entering the Great Lakes; and be it further 
Resolved, That copies of this resolution be 
transmitted to the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, and the members of the Michigan congressional dele-gation. 
POM–40. A resolution adopted by the House 
of Representatives of the State of Michigan urging the United States Congress to pass legislation that establishes a national, uni-form, and scientifically-based label program for genetically modified food; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
H
OUSE RESOLUTION NO. 89 
Whereas, Genetically modified organisms, 
or GMOs, have become increasingly promi-nent in today’s grocery marketplace. In re-cent years, scientists have used genetic engi-neering techniques to modify the DNA of plants to make them resistant to certain pests, diseases, environmental conditions, and chemical treatments. GMOs help in-crease crop yields, constrain food prices, and vitally support Michigan’s agriculture, food processing, and other industries. Commonly found in crops like corn, soybeans, cotton, and canola, 70 to 80 percent of the foods Americans eat today contain GMOs. In 2014, 100 percent of all sugar, 93 percent of all corn, and 91 percent of all soybeans grown in Michigan were produced using GMOs; and Whereas, Despite the widespread use of 
GMOs, there is no federal GMO labeling standard. Absent these rules, some states and localities have developed their own pro-posals, leading to a patchwork of regulation that can be confusing and possibly mis-leading to consumers. Moreover, a maze of GMO labeling regulations increases agri-culture and food production costs, requiring food companies operating in Michigan to cre-ate separate supply chains in each state. Ul-timately, this could significantly increase the average price consumers spend at gro-cery stores, which could average an extra $500 per year according to a Cornell Univer-sity study; and 
Whereas, Federal legislation must be 
passed to avoid this patchwork of regula-tions and the costly ramifications it creates. Legislation like the Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act H.R. 1599, sponsored by con-gressmen Pompeo and Butterfield, is a bipar-tisan solution needed to allow consumers to have access to accurate and consistent infor-mation on the products that contain GMOs. A USDA-administered certification and la-beling program modeled after the USDA or-ganic labeling program for non-GMO foods would ensure that labeling is nationwide, uniform, and scientifically-based: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the House of Representatives, 
That we urge the Congress of the United States to pass legislation that establishes a national, uniform, and scientifically-based label program for genetically modified food; and be it further 
Resolved , That copies of this resolution be 
transmitted to the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, and the members of the Michigan congressional dele-gation. 
POM–41. A resolution adopted by the Sen-
ate of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania recognizing the month of May 2015 as ‘‘Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
S
ENATE RESOLUTION NO. 101 
Whereas, Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis 
(ALS) is better known as Lou Gehrig’s Dis-ease; and 
Whereas, ALS is a fatal neurodegenerative 
disease characterized by degeneration of cell bodies of the upper and lower motor neurons in the gray matter of the anterior horn of 
the spinal cord; and 
Whereas, The initial symptom of ALS is 
weakness of the skeletal muscles, especially those of the extremities; and 
Whereas, As ALS progresses, the patient 
experiences difficulty in swallowing, talking and breathing; and 
Whereas, ALS eventually causes muscles 
to atrophy and the patient becomes a func-tional quadriplegic; and 
Whereas, Patients with ALS typically re-
main alert and aware of their loss of motor functions and the inevitable outcome of con-tinued deterioration and death; and 
Whereas, ALS affects military veterans at 
twice the rate of the general population; and 
Whereas, ALS occurs in adulthood, most 
commonly between 40 and 70 years of age, peaking at about 55 years of age, and affects both men and women without bias; and 
Whereas, Annually, more than 5,000 new 
ALS patients are diagnosed throughout the nation; and 
Whereas, In Pennsylvania, there are cur-
rently more than 1,000 individuals who have been formally diagnosed with ALS; and 
Whereas, The $350,000 in State funding the 
General Assembly appropriated for ALS sup-port services in the General Appropriation Act of 2014 provided services to more than 900 constituents and substantial savings to the State budget and taxpayers; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.024 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4202 June 16, 2015 
Whereas, The ALS Association reports 
that on average, patients diagnosed with ALS only survive two to five years from the time of diagnosis; and 
Whereas, ALS has no known cause, preven-
tion or cure; and 
Whereas, ‘‘Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis 
Awareness Month’’ increases the public’s awareness of ALS patients’ circumstances and acknowledges the terrible impact this disease has not only on patients but on their families as well and recognizes the research being done to eradicate this horrible disease: Now therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate of Pennsylvania 
designate the month of May 2015 as ‘‘Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Awareness Month’’ in Pennsylvania; and be it further 
Resolved, That copies of this resolution be 
transmitted to the President of the United States, to the presiding officers of each house of Congress and to each member of Congress from Pennsylvania. 
POM–42. A communication from a citizen 
of the State of Florida memorializing a reso-lution adopted by the City Council of Tampa supporting the re-establishment of a secure Cuban consulate being located in the City of Tampa, Florida, when relations between the United States and Cuba are appropriately normalized; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
POM–43. A communication from a citizen 
of the State of Florida memorializing a reso-lution adopted by the City Council of Tampa supporting the President of the United States’s actions to normalize cultural, hu-manitarian, economic, and diplomatic rela-tions with Cuba; and urging that when rela-tions between the United States and Cuba are appropriately normalized, the City of Tampa serve as the location for formalizing the re-establishment of diplomatic ties, which may then be referred to as ‘‘The Tampa Accord’’ between the United States and Cuba; to the Committee on Foreign Re-lations. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. SHELBY, from the Committee on 
Appropriations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: 
H.R. 2578. An act making appropriations 
for the Departments of Commerce and Jus-tice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–66). 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and 
Mr. T HUNE ): 
S. 1578. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to enhance taxpayer rights, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mr. 
T
HUNE , Mr. U DALL , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. 
TESTER , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , and Mr. R OUNDS ): 
S. 1579. A bill to enhance and integrate Na-
tive American tourism, empower Native American communities, increase coordina-tion and collaboration between Federal tour-ism assets, and expand heritage and cultural tourism opportunities in the United States; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. 
P
ORTMAN , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. M ORAN , 
and Ms. H EITKAMP ): 
S. 1580. A bill to allow additional appoint-
ing authorities to select individuals from competitive service certificates; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
By Mr. CASEY: 
S. 1581. A bill to foster market develop-
ment of clean energy fueling facilities by steering infrastructure installation toward designated Clean Vehicle Corridors; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and 
Ms. W
ARREN ): 
S. 1582. A bill to establish pilot programs 
to encourage the use of shared equity mort-gage modifications, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. 1583. A bill to authorize the expansion of 
an existing hydroelectric project; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. CASSIDY: 
S. 1584. A bill to repeal the renewable fuel 
standard; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. 1585. A bill to authorize the Federal En-
ergy Regulatory Commission to issue an order continuing a stay of a hydroelectric li-cense for the Mahoney Lake hydroelectric project in the State of Alaska, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. KIRK: 
S. 1586. A bill to amend the Federal Water 
Pollution Control Act to prohibit sewage dumping into the Great Lakes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. KAINE (for himself and Mr. 
F
LAKE ): 
S. 1587. A bill to authorize the use of the 
United States Armed Forces against the Is-lamic State of Iraq and the Levant; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. FRANKEN (for himself, Mr. 
C
OONS , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. M URPHY , 
Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. C ARDIN , 
and Ms. W ARREN ): 
S. 1588. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to revise and extend projects re-lating to children and violence to provide ac-cess to school-based comprehensive mental health programs; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. 
B
LUNT , Mr. G RAHAM , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. C OONS , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , 
Mr. W ICKER , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. 
KIRK, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. 
TILLIS ): 
S. 1589. A bill to facilitate efficient invest-
ments and financing of infrastructure projects and new, long-term job creation through the establishment of an Infrastruc-ture Financing Authority, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 298 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 298, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to provide States with the option of providing services to children with medically complex conditions under the Medicaid program and Children’s Health Insurance Program through a 
care coordination program focused on improving health outcomes for chil-dren with medically complex condi-tions and lowering costs, and for other purposes. 
S. 313 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 313, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to add phys-ical therapists to the list of providers allowed to utilize locum tenens ar-rangements under Medicare. 
S. 366 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 366, a bill to require Senate can-didates to file designations, state-ments, and reports in electronic form. 
S. 491 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 491, a bill to lift the trade embar-go on Cuba. 
S. 578 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 578, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 622 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name 
of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
622, a bill to strengthen families’ en-gagement in the education of their children. 
S. 637 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) and the Senator 
from Delaware (Mr. C OONS ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 637, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 740 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 740, a bill to improve the coordina-tion and use of geospatial data. 
S. 769 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
769, a bill to streamline the permit process for rail and transit infrastruc-ture. 
S. 776 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 776, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to im-prove access to medication therapy management under part D of the Medi-care program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.031 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4203 June 16, 2015 
S. 786 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 786, a bill to provide paid and family medical leave benefits to certain individuals, and for other purposes. 
S. 827 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 827, a bill to amend the Com-munications Act of 1934 to ensure the integrity of voice communications and to prevent unjust or unreasonable dis-crimination among areas of the United States in the delivery of such commu-nications. 
S. 877 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the 
names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) and the Senator from Con-
necticut (Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 877, a bill to estab-lish a pilot grant program to assist State and local law enforcement agen-cies in purchasing body-worn cameras for law enforcement officers. 
S. 993 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 993, a bill to increase pub-lic safety by facilitating collaboration among the criminal justice, juvenile justice, veterans treatment services, mental health treatment, and sub-stance abuse systems. 
S. 1020 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1020, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure the con-tinued access of Medicare beneficiaries to diagnostic imaging services, and for other purposes. 
S. 1040 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1040, a bill to direct the Consumer Product Safety Commission and the National Academy of Sciences to study the vehicle handling requirements pro-posed by the Commission for rec-reational off-highway vehicles and to prohibit the adoption of any such re-quirements until the completion of the study, and for other purposes. 
S. 1046 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1046, a bill to accelerate the adop-tion of smart building technologies in the private sector and key Federal agencies. 
S. 1099 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) and the Senator from Kan-
sas (Mr. R OBERTS ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1099, a bill to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to provide States with flexibility 
in determining the size of employers in the small group market. 
S. 1135 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , 
the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1135, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for fairness in hospital payments under the Medicare program. 
S. 1190 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1190, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure equal access of Medicare beneficiaries to community pharmacies in underserved areas as network pharmacies under Medicare prescription drug coverage, and for other purposes. 
S. 1239 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1239, a bill to amend the Clean Air Act with respect to the eth-anol waiver for the Reid vapor pressure limitations under that Act. 
S. 1438 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1438, a bill to allow women greater access to safe and effec-tive contraception. 
S. 1443 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1443, a bill to amend the Indian Em-ployment, Training and Related Serv-ices Demonstration Act of 1992 to fa-cilitate the ability of Indian tribes to integrate the employment, training, and related services from diverse Fed-eral sources, and for other purposes. 
S. 1444 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1444, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reduce the rate of tax regarding the taxation of dis-tilled spirits. 
S. 1458 
At the request of Mr. C OATS , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1458, a bill to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to ensure scientific transparency in the development of environmental regulations and for other purposes. 
S. 1476 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) and the Senator 
from Minnesota (Mr. F RANKEN ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1476, a bill to require States to report to the Attor-ney General certain information re-garding shooting incidents involving law enforcement officers, and for other purposes. S. 1513 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ), the Senator from Delaware 
(Mr. C OONS ), the Senator from Min-
nesota (Mr. F RANKEN ), the Senator 
from Illinois (Mr. D URBIN ) and the Sen-
ator from Virginia (Mr. K AINE) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1513, a bill to reauthorize the Second Chance Act of 2007. 
S. 1536 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1536, a bill to amend chapter 6 of title 5, United States Code (com-monly known as the Regulatory Flexi-bility Act), to ensure complete analysis of potential impacts on small entities of rules, and for other purposes. 
S. 1546 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1546, a bill to establish an export credit insurance program in the Small Business Administration. 
S. 1551 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) and the Senator 
from Minnesota (Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1551, a bill to provide for certain requirements relat-ing to the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority stewardship transition. 
S. 1557 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1557, a bill to amend the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to ex-tend the interest rate limitation on debt entered into during military serv-ice to debt incurred during military service to consolidate or refinance stu-dent loans incurred before military service, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 200 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. Res. 200, a resolution wishing His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama a happy 80th birthday on July 6, 2015, and rec-ognizing the outstanding contributions His Holiness has made to the pro-motion of nonviolence, human rights, interfaith dialogue, environmental awareness, and democracy. 
S. RES. 201 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. Res. 201, a resolution des-ignating June 19, 2015, as ‘‘Juneteenth Independence Day’’ in recognition of June 19, 1865, the date on which slavery legally came to an end in the United States. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1473 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1473 proposed to H.R. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.029 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4204 June 16, 2015 
1735, an act to authorize appropriations 
for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1549 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the 
name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1549 proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1703 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1703 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1704 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of amendment No. 1704 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1847 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 1847 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1883 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 1883 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1889 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 1889 proposed to H.R. 
1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
At the request of Ms. H
IRONO , her 
name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 1889 proposed to H.R. 1735, supra. 
At the request of Mr. M
ARKEY , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 1889 proposed to H.R. 1735, supra. 
At the request of Ms. B
ALDWIN , her 
name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 1889 proposed to H.R. 1735, supra. 
At the request of Mr. W
ARNER , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 1889 proposed to H.R. 1735, supra. 
At the request of Mr. B
ROWN , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 1889 proposed to H.R. 1735, supra. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1908 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the names 
of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) and the Senator from New 
Hampshire (Mrs. S HAHEEN ) were added 
as cosponsors of amendment No. 1908 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1948 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 1948 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1961 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) and the Senator from 
New Hampshire (Mrs. S HAHEEN ) were 
added as cosponsors of amendment No. 1961 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1962 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) and the Senator from 
New Hampshire (Mrs. S HAHEEN ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 
1962 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2039 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 2039 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. 1583. A bill to authorize the expan-
sion of an existing hydroelectric project; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
rise today to introduce legislation that will speed the next phase of a renew-able energy project in my home State of Alaska, that Congress effectively au-thorized 35 years ago. 
Back in 1980, Congress in Section 1325 
of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act, noted that the Ko-diak Electric Association Inc., KEA, then wished to build a lake-tap hydro-electric project by taking water from Terror Lake, a high alpine lake, whiph was placed just inside the boundary line of Kodiak National Wildlife Refuge by the act. At the time KEA had want-ed to build a 20 megawatt hydroelectric project inside the refuge to power the namesake community on Kodiak Is-land. Under the law, the Secretary of the Interior was to approve the project and its expansion on a ‘‘case-by-case’’ basis—the law simply saying that nothing in the 1980 Act ‘‘shall be con-strued as necessarily prohibiting or mandating the construction’’ of the project. The Secretary the next year approved the power project, which started generation in the mid 1980’s. A third 10-megawatt turbine since was added to the project in 2012–13. 
Kodiak Electric Association, a rural 
electric cooperative, is a leader in Alaska in promoting renewable energy. In 2014, 99.7 percent of its total elec-tricity came from hydroelectric gen-eration and from a Pillar Mountain wind turbine farm—the first commu-nity in Alaska to be nearly 100 percent supplied by renewable energy sources. But that designation will disappear if the next phase of the originally planned Terror Lake project is not con-structed, since the utility will need to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.030 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4205 June 16, 2015 
resume burning more diesel fuel to 
produce power if additional hydro-electric generation from the lake is not permitted. That will result in the burn-ing of 2 million gallons of diesel fuel— in a typical year given current elec-tricity load forecasts—that will emit 26,000 tons of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere annually. 
The new expansion involves diverting 
five small streams located on Alaska State lands in the adjacent Upper Hid-den Basin—streams branching off the East and West Upper Hidden Creeks— and allowing the water to flow into Terror Lake through an underground tunnel that will be drilled through the ridge line marking the boundary be-tween State and refuge lands. The project, which will impact about 13 acres of refuge lands, 3 acres being made up by the tunnel itself, will have a single visible impact, some grading for a construction laydown area on the rocky slopes above the upper end of the lake, and the ‘‘natural’’ waterfall that will result from water entering the lake from the tunnel. The entire extent of the project involves drilling a 1.22 mile-long tunnel, about 2,150 feet by current estimates being on refuge lands, plus the diversion structure on the State’s creeks, a water pipeline to carry water from the East Creek over to the main diversion structure located on the West Creek, and a related access road. 
The project should have no impact on 
the environment or wildlife, since the amount of water being diverted from the 4 square mile basin is so slight as to have no impact on fisheries at the mouth of the Kizhuyak River on the east side of Kodiak Island at Ugak Bay, into which the Hidden Basin Creeks flow. The project should not affect the wildlife along the shore of the steep, rocky lake. The project will not in-volve adding turbines or equipment to the existing Terror Lake powerhouse, as the project will not increase the maximum amount of megawatt produc-tion, but simply increase the annual total production of electricity from the power project. Terror Lake in 2014, a normal water year, produced 134 gigawatt-hours of electricity. By the addition it should produce about 30 ad-ditional gigawatt-hours annually, about a 25 percent increase. 
The project, besides allowing KEA to 
utilize clean, renewable energy, should also enhance the utility’s innovative wind-hydro integration system and fur-ther its micro-grid energy storage technology. 
While this project should be able to 
proceed by seeking administrative ap-provals either because of its ANILCA inclusion or because of Title 11 of ANILCA, which governs future rights- of-way requests, I am introducing leg-islation seeking Congressional ap-proval to speed up the start of con-struction on the power project. With-out Congressional approval, the utility will need to fund two environmental impact statements, EIS’s, instead of one, covering the exact same issues, de-
laying the start of construction by years. With congressional approval, the project will still face the delay of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commis-sion conducting a single EIS as part of its hydro licensing amendment process. The project still will be subject to any conditions to protect fisheries or wild-life placed on the project by the USF&WS under Section 4(e) of the Fed-eral Power Act. But it will have to clear only one such EIS process, spar-ing rate payers on Kodiak Island a dou-bling of the permitting expense. 
This authorization will simply allow 
another phase of the Terror Lake project to be constructed, as it was en-visioned nearly 40 years ago. In the 1978 feasibility plan, two years before pas-sage of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act, the Hidden Basin Creek diversion was clearly out-lined. ‘‘This scheme is the most eco-nomical means of increasing the out-put of the development . . . and it can be built whenever the growth in power demand in Kodiak justifies it. There-fore, the scheme is included in the present report as a recommended fu-ture development,’’ said the Terror Lake hydro report in December 1978. 
The project will permit additional 
clean, renewable energy to be gen-erated for the inhabitants of Kodiak Is-land, but without any environmental or negative fishery or wildlife con-sequences. This bill, if approved by Congress this year, will produce that power more quickly and at less cost than will be involved should a lengthy, multiple administrative review take place. It is unfortunate, but in the past 35 years since passage of the Alaska lands act, no entity has ever completed the lengthy process and received a right-of-way permit under the bureau-cratic process set up by Title 11 of ANILCA. I hope that this project will not have to attempt to be the first to actually navigate the Title 11 right-of- way process in order to proceed. 
I hope Congress will quickly approve 
this authorization so that more renew-able electricity can flow to the citizens of Kodiak in the near future. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. 1585. A bill to authorize the Fed-
eral Energy Regulatory Commission to issue an order continuing a stay of a hydroelectric license for the Mahoney Lake hydroelectric project in the State of Alaska, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
rise today to introduce legislation needed to provide additional options for how Ketchikan and parts of South-east Alaska can receive additional clean, renewable electricity in the fu-ture. Today I am introducing legisla-tion being requested by Cape Fox Na-tive Corp. of Ketchikan, Alaska Power & Telephone Co., and the City of Saxman to extend a 2002 stay on the hydroelectric construction license for the Mahoney Lake project. This bill 
will effectively require the Federal En-ergy Regulatory Commission to grant another 10-year extension of the con-struction license for the project pro-posed northeast of downtown Ketch-ikan, in hopes that greater clarity will be obtained within the next decade on how to supply power to the region in the future. 
Mahoney Lake was first proposed as 
a 9.6-megawatt, MW, lake-tap hydro-electric project in the early 1990s. By 2002 the sponsors had not received a power purchase agreement, PPA, and had exhausted the then allowed FERC extensions of their construction li-cense. In June 2002 they asked former Alaska Senator Ted Stevens to win leg-islative approval of a stay so they wouldn’t lose the license. Effectively, they wanted the license expiration to be stayed until after completion of the then proposed Swan-Tyee electrical transmission intertie—in hopes that such completion would clarify future electrical needs in the community. That project has since been finished, triggering the potential end of the 2002 license stay. 
The entities backing Mahoney Lake’s 
construction have spent more than $4 million on engineering and environ-mental studies—money in jeopardy of being wasted, if the stay and a continu-ation of the construction license is not approved by Congress. For that and a host of other reasons, I am introducing this legislation to extend the construc-tion license and normal additional li-cense periods under FERC rules for this project. 
Ketchikan, which recently received 
more clean, renewable energy with the completion of the Whitman Lake hydroelectricity project, likely will need additional power within the next decade. Currently the Southeast Alas-ka Power Authority, SEAPA, is con-ducting a review of all potential power sources. As part of that study the au-thority is studying the merits of a host of projects, including construction of Mahoney Lake. The authority, for ex-ample, is considering whether to raise the height of the existing spillway of the Swan Lake project to hold more water and generate more power. The authority is considering whether to purchase power from two potential Metlakatla hydro projects: the 4MW Triangle Lake or the 4.6 MW Lower Todd Lake projects on Annette Island. And the authority is also checking the potential economics and costs, includ-ing transmission lines, of new projects throughout the area. 
By this legislation I am simply try-
ing to keep Mahoney Lake, which may be able to produce 41.6 gigawatts of ad-ditional power annually for the Ketch-ikan area, viable as a potential renew-able energy project until that com-prehensive review is finished in 2016 or perhaps in 2017. 
The three entities that currently 
hold the license for Mahoney Lake have certainly spent more than enough 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.036 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4206 June 16, 2015 
on construction to meet FERC require-
ments that licensees show they are se-rious about progressing a project and aren’t simply ‘‘stockpiling’’ hydro-electric permits/licenses. Cape Fox Na-tive Corporation, especially, is deserv-ing of an extension given its unique po-sition under terms of the 1971 Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act, ANCSA, Cape Fox was ‘‘distinctly disadvan-taged’’ in its land selections under ANCSA because of Ketchikan land pro-tections, the location of the Annette Island Indian reservation, and the then long-term timber contracts in the area owned at the time by the Ketchikan Pulp Corporation. All three issues pre-vented Cape Fox from selecting most of its lands inside its core selection areas. Arguably the Mahoney Lake hydro project site is the only valuable land that the corporation was allowed to se-lect inside its core selection area, under the bill that settled aboriginal land claims in Alaska. 
This legislation will not advantage 
Mahoney Lake over any other project that may be considered to provide low- cost hydroelectric power to the region. But its timely passage will level the playing field so that Mahoney Lake can be considered on the same eco-nomic grounds as all other future power projects in southern Southeast Alaska. I hope for the bill’s swift pas-sage in this Congress. 
By Mr. KAINE (for himself and 
Mr. F LAKE ): 
S. 1587. A bill to authorize the use of 
the United States Armed Forces against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. 
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I am 
pleased today to introduce in the Sen-ate, with my colleague Senator F
LAKE , 
the first bipartisan Authorization for Use of Military Force, AUMF, against ISIL. The United States launched mili-tary action against ISIL over 10 months ago on August 8, 2014. It is far past time for Congress to fulfill its duty by debating and determining whether or not it is in the nation’s best interest to order United States troops to risk their lives in this mission and vote on an ISIL AUMF. 
This bill authorizes the U.S. mission 
against ISIL for the purpose of pro-tecting the lives of U.S. citizens and providing military support to regional partners in their battle to defeat ISIL. As stated by the authorization, the use of significant U.S. ground troops in combat against ISIL is not consistent with this purpose, except to protect lives of U.S. citizens from imminent threat. Other key provisions include a sunset after three years unless reau-thorized; a repeal of the 2002 Iraq AUMF; and a clause that defines this authorization as the sole statutory au-thority for the war on ISIL, as opposed to the 2001 AUMF. 
Thousands of members of the United 
States Armed Forces have been de-ployed to support military operations against ISIL in Iraq and Syria. As of 
June 2015, the United States has con-ducted over 3,500 airstrikes against ISIL and spent more than $2,600,000,000 American taxpayer dollars on this war—a number that continues to rise by approximately $9,000,000 per day. Tragically, members of the Armed Forces have been killed in Operation Inherent Resolve, and United States hostages have been killed by ISIL in barbaric ways. 
However, while Congress has author-
ized appropriations for Operation In-herent Resolve and the training of anti-ISIL forces in Syria, it has yet to take formal action to approve this mis-sion. Doing so is critical for reinforcing the leadership of the United States with our coalition partners and sending a strong message to our adversaries that the United States is united in the fight against ISIL and speaks with one voice in confronting ISIL. 
President Obama submitted an au-
thorization for use of military force against ISIL in February 2015. And still Congress has not undertaken its most solemn duty and responsibility under Article 1. The American public de-serves this congressional debate to edu-cate them about the national security interests at stake and the advisability of this war and Congress should do its job by formally voicing its support or disapproval of the mission against ISIL. 
I am proud to join Senator F
LAKE in 
introducing a bill to start this nec-essary debate. As we saw with the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, it is possible to find bipartisan compromise on even the toughest of foreign policy issues and I challenge my colleagues to finally come together to do what is right for our troops and our nation. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2047. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1974 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2048. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2049. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2050. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1859 submitted by Mr. M
ENENDEZ and intended to be proposed to 
the amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2051. Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. 
INHOFE ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2052. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1669 submitted by Mr. B
OOZ-
MAN (for himself, Mr. D ONNELLY , and Mr. 
TOOMEY ) and intended to be proposed to the 
amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2053. Mr. BARRASSO (for himself and 
Mr. E
NZI) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2044 sub-mitted by Mr. B
ARRASSO (for himself and Mr. 
ENZI) and intended to be proposed to the 
amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2054. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2055. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2042 submitted by Ms. B
ALD-
WIN and intended to be proposed to the 
amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2056. Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. 
C
ORKER ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2057. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2047. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1974 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 3, strike lines 13 through 20 and in-
sert the following: 
(5) implement a strategy to provide for the 
safe, secure, and permanent relocation of Camp Liberty residents that includes a relo-cation plan, including a detailed outline of the steps that would need to be taken by re-cipient countries, the United States, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refu-gees (UNHCR), and Camp residents to relo-cate the residents to other countries; 
SA 2048. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. SPECIAL INSPECTOR GENERAL FOR AF-
GHANISTAN RECONSTRUCTION. 
It is the sense of Congress that the ap-
pointment of a Lead Inspector General for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Feb 19, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S16JN5.REC S16JN5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4207 June 16, 2015 
Operation Freedom’s Sentinel by the Chair 
of the Council of Inspectors General on In-tegrity and Efficiency pursuant to section 8L of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is not intended to limit or otherwise affect the authority and responsibilities of the Office of the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (commonly known as ‘‘SIGAR’’) as established by sec-tion 1229 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–81; 122 Stat. 378). 
SA 2049. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING 
NOMINATING A PERMANENT IN-SPECTOR GENERAL OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) There are 4 Presidentially-appointed In-
spector General vacancies for which a nomi-nation is not pending before the Senate. 
(2) It is vital that Offices of Inspectors 
General remain independent. 
(3) In the absence of a permanent Inspector 
General, an Office of Inspector General is run by an acting Inspector General who, no mat-ter how qualified or well-intentioned, is not granted the same protections afforded to an Inspector General who is confirmed by the Senate, as the acting Inspector General— 
(A) is not truly independent; (B) may be removed by the head of the 
agency at any time; 
(C) only serves temporarily and does not 
drive the policy of the Office; and 
(D) is at a greater risk of compromising 
the work of the Office to appease the agency or the President. 
(4) One of the current Presidentially-ap-
pointed Inspector General vacancies is the Inspector General of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, which has been vacant since December 31, 2013. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the President should nominate a permanent Inspector General of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 2050. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1859 submitted by Mr. M
ENENDEZ and intended to be pro-
posed to the amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning of page 1 of the amendment, 
strike line 3 and all that follows through page 2, line 21, and insert the following: SEC. 1274. REPORT ON THE SECURITY RELATION-
SHIP BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND THE REPUBLIC OF CYPRUS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall jointly submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report on the security relationship between the United States and the Republic of Cyprus. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: 
(1) A description of ongoing military and 
security cooperation between the United States and the Republic of Cyprus. 
(2) A discussion of potential steps for en-
hancing the bilateral security relationship between the United States and Cyprus, in-cluding steps to enhance the military and se-curity capabilities of the Republic of Cyprus. 
(3) An analysis of the effect on the bilat-
eral security relationship of the United States policy to deny applications for li-censes and other approvals for the export of defense articles and defense services to the armed forces of Cyprus. 
(4) An analysis of the extent to which such 
United States policy is consistent with over-all United States security and policy objec-tives in the region. 
(5) An assessment of the potential impact 
of lifting such United States policy. 
(c) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the congressional defense committees; 
and 
(2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of 
the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SA 2051. Mr. CASEY (for himself and 
Mr. I NHOFE ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 1533, add the fol-
lowing: 
(f) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Department of Defense should increase efforts to combat the use by the terrorist group the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) of improvised explo-sive devices and the illicit smuggling of im-provised explosive device precursor mate-rials. 
SA 2052. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1669 submitted by Mr. B
OOZMAN (for himself, Mr. D ONNELLY , 
and Mr. T OOMEY ) and intended to be 
proposed to the amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-
ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 1, strike line 2 and all 
that follows through page 2, line 13, and in-sert the following: SEC. 1085. PROVISION OF STATUS UNDER LAW BY 
HONORING CERTAIN MEMBERS OF THE RESERVE COMPONENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES AS VETERANS. 
Any person who is entitled under chapter 
1223 of title 10, United States Code, to retired pay for nonregular service or, but for age, would be entitled under such chapter to re-tired pay for nonregular service shall be hon-ored as a veteran but shall not be entitled to any benefit by reason of this section. 
SA 2053. Mr. BARRASSO (for himself 
and Mr. E NZI) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2044 submitted by Mr. B
ARRASSO (for himself and Mr. E NZI) 
and intended to be proposed to the amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1049. USE OF THE NATIONAL GUARD FOR 
SUPPORT OF CIVILIAN FIRE-FIGHTING ACTIVITIES. 
The Secretary of Defense may authorize 
members and units of the National Guard performing duty under section 328(b), 502(f), or 709(a) of title 32, United States Code, or on active duty under title 10, United States Code, to support firefighting operations, mis-sions, and activities, including aerial fire-fighting employment of the Mobile Airborne Firefighting System (MAFFS), undertaken in support of a request from the National Interagency Fire Center or another Federal agency. 
SA 2054. Mr. INHOFE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place insert the fol-
lowing: 
REPORT AND ASSESSMENT OF POTENTIAL 
COSTS AND BENEFITS OF PRIVATIZING DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE COMMISSARIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than February 
1, 2016, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report assessing the viability of privatizing, in whole or in part, the Department of De-fense commissary system. The report shall be so submitted to Congress before the devel-opment of any plans or pilot program to pri-vatize defense commissaries or the defense commissary system. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment required 
by subsection (a) shall include, at a min-imum, the following: 
(1) A methodology for defining the total 
number and locations of commissaries. 
(2) An evaluation of commissary use by lo-
cation in the following beneficiary cat-egories: 
(A) Pay grades E–1 through E–4. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.043 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4208 June 16, 2015 
(B) Pay grades E–5 through E–7. 
(C) Pay grades E–8 and E–9. (D) Pay grades O–1 through O–3. (E) Pay grades O–4 through O–6. (F) Pay grades O–7 through O–10. (G) Military retirees. (3) An evaluation of commissary use in lo-
cations outside the continental United States and in remote and isolated locations in the continental United States when com-pared with other locations. 
(4) An evaluation of the cost of com-
missary operations during fiscal years 2009 through 2014. 
(5) An assessment of potential savings and 
efficiencies to be achieved through imple-mentation of some or all of recommenda-tions of the Military Compensation and Re-tirement Modernization Commission. 
(6) A description and evaluation of the 
strategy of the Defense Commissary Agency for pricing products sold at commissaries. 
(7) A description and evaluation of the 
transportation strategy of the Defense Com-missary Agency for products sold at com-missaries. 
(8) A description and evaluation of the for-
mula of the Defense Commissary Agency for calculating savings for its customers as a re-sult of its pricing strategy. 
(9) An evaluation of the average savings 
per household garnered by commissary use. 
(10) A description and evaluation of the use 
of private contractors and vendors as part of the defense commissary system. 
(11) An assessment of costs or savings, and 
potential impacts to patrons and the Govern-ment, of privatizing the defense commissary system, including potential increased use of Government assistance programs. 
(12) A description and assessment of poten-
tial barriers to privatization of the defense commissary system. 
(13) An assessment of the extent to which 
patron savings would remain after the pri-
vatization of the defense commissary sys-tem. 
(14) An assessment of the impact of any 
recommended changes to the operation of the defense commissary system on com-missary patrons, including morale and reten-tion. 
(15) An assessment of the actual interest of 
major grocery retailers in the management and operations of all, or part, of the existing defense commissary system. 
(16) An assessment of the impact of privat-
ization of the defense commissary system on off-installation prices of similar products available in the system. 
(17) An assessment of the impact of privat-
ization of the defense commissary system, and conversion of the Defense Commissary Agency workforce to non-appropriated fund status, on employment of military family members, particularly with respect to pay, benefits, and job security. 
(18) An assessment of the impact of privat-
ization of the defense commissary system on Exchanges and Morale, Welfare and Recre-ation (MWR) quality-of-life programs. 
(c) U
SE OF PREVIOUS STUDIES .—The Sec-
retary shall consult previous studies and sur-veys on matters appropriate to the report re-quired by subsection (a), including, but not limited to, the following: 
(1) The January 2015 Final Report of the 
Military Compensation and Retirement Mod-ernization Commission. 
(2) The 2014 Military Family Lifestyle Sur-
vey Comprehensive Report. 
(3) The 2013 Living Patterns Survey. (4) The report required by section 634 of the 
Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (Public Law 113-291) on the management, food, and pricing options for the defense commissary system. (d) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL ASSESSMENT OF  
REPORT .—Not later than May 1, 2016, the 
Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report setting forth an assess-ment by the Comptroller General of the re-port required by subsection (a). 
Section 652 of this act is null and void. 
SA 2055. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2042 submitted by Ms. B
ALDWIN and intended to be proposed 
to the amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to au-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 2, line 15, insert ‘‘and makes a rec-
ommendation or otherwise suggests correc-tive action’’ after ‘‘General’’. 
SA 2056. Mr. CARDIN (for himself 
and Mr. C ORKER ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XII, add the following: 
Subtitle H—Asia-Pacific Maritime Security 
SEC. 1291. MARITIME SECURITY CAPACITY 
BUILDING PROGRAM. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State is 
authorized, using funds transferred pursuant to subsection (b), to provide assistance for the purpose of increasing maritime security and domain awareness for countries in the Asia-Pacific region. 
(2) D
ESIGNATION OF ASSISTANCE .—Assist-
ance provided by the Secretary under this section shall be known as the ‘‘Maritime Se-curity Capacity Building Program’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Program’’). 
(3) C
ONSTRUCTION OF LIMITATIONS .—The 
Secretary may provide assistance under this section without regard to any other provi-sion of law, other than section 620J of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2378d)). 
(b) T
RANSFER AUTHORITY .—The Secretary 
of Defense may transfer, from amounts au-thorized to be appropriated for the Depart-ment of Defense by this Act, $50,000,000 to the Secretary of State for the Program. Any amount so transferred shall be deposited in the ‘‘Foreign Military Finance’’ account for purposes of the Program. 
(c) E
LIGIBLE COUNTRIES .—In selecting coun-
tries in the Asia-Pacific region to which as-sistance is to be provided under the Pro-gram, the Secretary of State shall prioritize the provision of assistance to countries that will contribute to the achievement of fol-lowing objectives: 
(1) Retaining unhindered access to and use 
of international waterways in the Asia-Pa-cific region that are critical to ensuring the security and free flow of commerce and 
achieving United States national security objectives. 
(2) Improving maritime domain awareness 
in the Asia-Pacific region. 
(3) Countering piracy in the Asia-Pacific 
region. 
(4) Disrupting illicit maritime trafficking 
activities and other forms of maritime traf-ficking activity in the Asia-Pacific that di-rectly benefit organizations that have been determined to be a security threat to the United States. 
(5) Enhancing the maritime capabilities of 
a country or regional organization to re-spond to emerging threats to maritime secu-rity in the Asia-Pacific region. 
(d) P
RIORITIES FOR ASSISTANCE .—In car-
rying out the purpose of the Program, the Secretary of State— 
(1) shall place priority on assistance to en-
hance the maritime security capabilities of the military or security forces of countries in the Asia-Pacific region that have mari-time missions and the government agencies responsible for such forces; and 
(2) may provide assistance to a country in 
the Asia-Pacific region to enhance the capa-bilities of that country, or of a regional or-ganization that includes that country, to conduct one or more of the following: 
(A) Maritime intelligence, surveillance, 
and reconnaissance. 
(B) Littoral and port security. (C) Coast guard operations. (D) Command and control. (E) Management and oversight of maritime 
activities. 
(e) A
NNUAL REPORT .—The Secretary of 
State shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress each year a report on the status of the provision of equipment, training, supplies or other services provided pursuant to the Program during the pre-ceding year. 
(f) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee of Foreign Relations, 
the Committee on Armed Services, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee of Foreign Affairs, the 
Committee on Armed Services, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1292. REPORT ON PLANS FOR THE MAINTE-
NANCE OF FREEDOM OF OPER-ATIONS IN INTERNATIONAL WATERS AND AIRSPACE IN THE ASIA-PACIFIC MARITIME DOMAINS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, with the concurrence with the Secretary of State, submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report (in classified form) setting forth a plan, for each of the six-month, one- year, and three-year periods beginning on the date of such report, for Freedom of Navi-gation Assertions, Shows of Force, bilateral and multilateral military exercises, Port Calls, Training, and assistance intended to enhance the maritime capabilities, respond to emerging threats, and maintain freedom of operations in international waters and airspace in the Asia-Pacific maritime do-mains. 
(b) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee of Foreign Relations, 
the Committee on Armed Services, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee of Foreign Affairs, the 
Committee on Armed Services, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.045 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4209 June 16, 2015 
SEC. 1293. SOUTH CHINA SEA INITIATIVE. 
Notwithstanding any provision of section 
1261, any assistance provided pursuant to subparagraph (A) of subsection (a)(1) of that section, or training provided pursuant to subparagraph (B) of that subsection, shall be provided in manner consistent with current law. 
SA 2057. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1005. INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE AUDIT AND FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT PROC-ESSES. 
(a) I NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT .— 
(1) A SSESSMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary 
of Defense shall obtain from an entity inde-pendent of the Department of Defense se-lected by the Secretary for purposes of this section an assessment of the audit and finan-cial management processes of the Depart-ment. 
(2) C
OMPOSITION OF ASSESSMENT TEAM .—The 
assessment team used by the entity selected by the Secretary pursuant to paragraph (1) to conduct the assessment required pursuant to that paragraph shall be composed of indi-viduals with extensive experience in audit and financial management of private sector and Federal agencies who are not currently participating in Financial Improvement and Audit Readiness (FIAR) activities for the De-partment or affiliated with organizations who are supporting such activities. 
(3) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment required 
pursuant to paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) A comparison of the audit and financial 
management processes of the Department with the audit and financial management processes of other appropriate Federal agen-cies, and appropriate private sector entities, including the qualifications of officials re-sponsible for audit oversight and compli-ance, for purposes of identifying best prac-tices to be adopted by the Department for its audit and financial management processes. 
(B) An analysis of the progress and invest-
ments made by the Department under its Fi-nancial Improvement and Audit Readiness Plan, and a comparison of such progress and investment with the progress and invest-ments made by other Federal agencies and appropriate private sector entities in audit and financial management processes, for purposes of determining the extent to which Department progress on financial manage-ment and audit readiness is consistent with results achieved by other appropriate Fed-eral agencies and appropriate private sector entities. 
(C) An identification of recommendations 
on policies and management and other ac-tivities that could be undertaken by the De-partment to enhance its audit and financial management processes in order to obtain and maintain clean audit opinions of its finan-cial statement as effectively and efficiently as possible. 
(4) A
CCESS TO INFORMATION .—The Secretary 
shall ensure that the entity conducting the assessment required by paragraph (1) has ac-cess to all the information, data, and re-
sources necessary to conduct the assessment in a timely manner. 
(5) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall require 
the entity conducting the assessment re-quired by paragraph (1) to submit to the Sec-retary and the congressional defense com-mittees a report on the assessment by not later than one year after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
(b) T
RANSMITTAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after receiving the report described in sub-section (a)(5), the Secretary shall transmit the report to Congress, together with the fol-lowing: 
(1) An analysis by the Secretary of the 
findings and recommendations of the report. 
(2) A description of the response of the De-
partment to such finding and recommenda-tions. 
(3) Such other matters with respect to the 
audit and financial management processes of the Department as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 16, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate, on June 16, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Achiev-ing the Promise of Health Information Technology: What Can Providers and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Do To Improve the Electronic Health Record User Experi-ence?’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 16, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Federal Real Prop-erty Reform: How Cutting Red Tape and Better Management Could Achieve Billions in Savings.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 16, 2015, at 2:45 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. SUBCOMMITTEE ON EAST ASIA , THE PACIFIC , AND 
INTERNATIONAL CYBER SECURITY  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations Sub-committee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cyber Security be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 16, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Strategic Implications of Trade Pro-motion and Capacity-Building in the Asia-Pacific Region.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mrs. M CCASKILL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that MAJ Rick Trimble, an Army fellow in my office, be granted the privilege of the floor for the remainder of the year. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, JUNE 
17, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, June 17; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein, and that the time be equally divided, with the Democrats controlling the first half and the majority controlling the final half; lastly, that all time during morning business and the adjournment of the Senate count postcloture on the substitute amendment No. 1463. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator D
URBIN . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Illinois. 
f 
KING V. BURWELL DECISION 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, there is 
a case pending before the U.S. Supreme Court that is being followed very close-ly. It is the case of King v. Burwell. It is a case that really is challenging one of the fundamental premises of the Af-fordable Care Act. 
The Affordable Care Act was passed 4 
or 5 years ago here in the Senate and in the House and signed by President Obama. Because of it, over 11 million 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN6.047 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4210 June 16, 2015 
Americans have chosen or reenrolled in 
a health insurance plan, most with a tax subsidy that makes their coverage affordable. The subsidy is based on their income. In the private market, millions more now have access to ex-panded coverage for preventive health services, such as mammograms or flu shots, without any cost sharing. 
Because of the Affordable Care Act, a 
person no longer needs to stay in a job simply to carry health insurance or be denied coverage because of a pre-existing condition. Because of this law, prescription drugs for seniors cost a lot less. There was a time not that long ago that if a member of your family— for instance, one of your children—had a history of diabetes or mental illness, they might find themselves in a posi-tion where the family couldn’t afford to buy health insurance. But the new Affordable Care Act said: You cannot discriminate against a person or family because there is a preexisting health condition. 
The reason that works, the reason 
why insurance companies can still get by covering people who are sick is that there is also a requirement that people carry health insurance. That means healthy people need to buy health in-surance as well as those who are sick and worried about coverage in the fu-ture. That enlarges the pool and dimin-ishes the cost to the applicant for health insurance who is suffering from a preexisting condition. 
This month, the Supreme Court will 
make a decision in the case of King v. Burwell. The plaintiffs in this case have made an unusual argument. They claim that Congress intended to pro-vide tax credits to help people buy health insurance only in insurance marketplaces established by each State but not in the Federal market-place. 
I was here during the debate. I was 
here when we passed the Affordable Care Act. I can tell you that absolutely no one made that argument that I heard on the floor of the Senate. Over-whelmingly, those who were in ex-changes—in either State or Federal ex-changes—were treated the same way when we calculated the cost and sav-ings of the Affordable Care Act. 
If Republicans get their way—and 
some of them are rooting for the Su-preme Court to eliminate the subsidy— 6.5 million people will lose their Fed-eral tax subsidy for health insurance. According to the Urban Institute, pre-miums for people able to purchase in-surance would increase by 35 percent. Now, $12 billion in uncompensated care would be shifted to hospitals and Americans with employer-based insur-ance, making a ruling in favor of King in the Supreme Court a tax increase on everyone. 
Here is how it works: If you have peo-
ple—millions across the country—who have health insurance because of the Affordable Care Act and they lose their health insurance, they are still going to get sick. When they get sick, they will show up at a hospital. Nine times 
out of ten—maybe more—the hospital will treat them even if they can’t pay. Their expenses and costs will be passed on to someone else who comes to that hospital, someone with health insur-ance. 
Ultimately, everyone who has health 
insurance is going to subsidize those who don’t. I don’t think that is a very fair or wise system. If the King v. Burwell decision goes the wrong way, it may move us toward that. 
There are some in the other party 
who say they have an alternative plan to the Affordable Care Act. The House and the Senate Republicans have al-ready voted to repeal subsidies for working families by voting to repeal the law. I lost track in the House; I think it is 57 times, 58 times they have voted to repeal the Affordable Care Act. They have come out with a plan that they say would restore the sub-sidies, but it eliminates the require-ment that people carry insurance. It eliminates what is known as the indi-vidual mandate. 
There were some who argued—and I 
am one of them—that the individual mandate is a question of personal re-sponsibility. If you want to drive a car in my State of Illinois, you need auto-mobile insurance. It isn’t a question of you making a decision. The State re-quires it because if you are going to be in that automobile and if you get in an accident, the victim in the other car shouldn’t have to bear the expense of damage to their car or personal injury, the person responsible for the accident should, and the only way that works is if everybody carries automobile insur-ance. 
If you want to buy a home in my 
State and I think in almost every State, the mortgage company requires fire insurance. If a fire destroys that home, the mortgage company will get paid the proceeds and will not end up with an empty bag. 
Similarly, when it comes to health 
insurance, the individual mandate says: We think everyone should buy health insurance. We will help those in low-income categories with subsidies because we think everyone should have health insurance. That is what is be-hind the individual mandate. 
If you eliminate the individual man-
date, you will be back in the situation where people seeking health insurance will be those who are the most vulner-able and sick, those with preexisting conditions. That makes it tough to cre-ate an insurance pool that makes sense when it comes to risk. 
According to the American Academy 
of Actuaries, putting out a plan that eliminates the individual mandate will really be of no help. That bill would only delay the onset of higher insur-ance premiums and loss of coverage for millions of Americans. The Affordable Care Act puts families in charge of their care instead of insurance compa-nies. It expands health care coverage, lowers health care cost, makes Medi-care stronger, and lowers the deficit. I 
don’t know why there is opposition to any of those elements. 
Before the enactment of the Afford-
able Care Act, 50 million Americans didn’t have health insurance, while health care costs for working families and small businesses were increasing out of sight. The Affordable Care Act changed that, and 11 million people of the 50 million now have private health insurance. Millions more are now cov-ered by Medicaid. And for the first time ever, insurance companies have to live up to their promise of being there when you really need them. 
Many in the other party have argued 
that this is not the way to do it and that there should be a viable alter-native. I would like them to meet a couple of people from my home State. 
The Supreme Court could put in jeop-
ardy health insurance coverage for Ariana Jimenez. Ariana lives in Chi-cago and works part time as a nursing assistant at a community health cen-ter. Ariana pays $52 a month for her basic health insurance premium—$52 a month. When asked what would happen to her coverage if the Supreme Court took away her tax credit, Ariana sim-ply said: I wouldn’t be able to afford it. 
In Illinois, over 800,000 people—in my 
State of about 12.5 million, 13.5 mil-lion—800,000 people in Illinois now have health insurance through the market-place created by the Affordable Care Act or through Medicaid, and 240,000 people purchased a plan through the Il-linois marketplace with a subsidy. I might say that the only marketplace is a Federal marketplace. If the Supreme Court decides in favor of the plaintiffs, a quarter-million people in my home State will not be able to afford their health insurance. 
What happens to everyone else? If the 
Court rules for King, the plaintiff in this lawsuit, consumers in the indi-vidual market in States such as Illinois who use the Federal marketplace would face premium increases of 47 per-cent—$1,600 a year more that people would have to pay for health insurance. 
A few years ago, Domingo Carino 
found out he had a health condition that required medication and he could not afford it. Thanks to the Affordable Care Act and help from the staff at the Asian Human Services Family Health Center in Chicago, Domingo found good health insurance. He pays $11 a month. Domingo’s plan not only allows him to afford his medication, but it also keeps him in a position where he has access to a primary care physician. According to Domingo, he can now live without worrying about how to afford his medi-cation. 
For Domingo and millions like him, 
tax credits provided by the Affordable Care Act are literally a lifesaver. 
Over 54 million people benefit from 
Medicaid. Before the Affordable Care Act, two out of three people on Med-icaid were pregnant women and chil-dren. That is 36 million of our most vulnerable Americans. Medicaid also 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.053 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4211 June 16, 2015 
provides for people with disabilities. 
Before the Affordable Care Act, almost 3 million people were covered by Med-icaid in Illinois, and more than half of the children born in our State were covered by Medicaid. Since the Afford-able Care Act, another 530,000 people have signed up for Medicaid. That means that finally these people can get better from a condition they couldn’t afford to treat. I call that a success. 
It is interesting, too, that now that 
people on Medicaid can shop at dif-ferent hospitals, traditional hospitals that serve the poor—there is one, Stroger Hospital, which used to be Cook County Hospital, in Chicago— have to change the way they do busi-ness. They are competitive now. They realize that Medicaid patients can go shopping at another hospital. The ad-ministrator at Stroger Hospital told the doctors and staff: Be on your toes. Provide better care. We are competing for business now. These Medicaid re-cipients can go to every hospital. 
According to a recent Gallup poll, 
the uninsured rate has dropped 3
1⁄2per-
centage points from 2013 to 2014. In Illi-nois, the uninsured rate dropped 4
1⁄2 
percent during that same period. 
The Affordable Care Act includes sev-
eral changes meant to help slow the growth in health care costs. The CBO this week forecast lower private health insurance premiums. Health care spending per enrollee has slowed in the private insurance market and also in Medicare and Medicaid. 
Instead of paying hospitals for the 
services they provide, because of the ACA, hospitals are paid to make people well. If their patients have to go back to the hospital, many of the hospitals are penalized for that. Despite climb-ing readmission rates since 2007, those rates started to fall with the Afford-able Care Act. Hospitals are responding to the incentives in the Affordable Care Act and more of their patients are get-
ting better and staying better. 
The solvency of the Medicare Part A 
trust fund is now 13 years longer than it was prior to the passage of the Af-fordable Care Act—which means it will be solvent for 13 more years—which the trustees in 2010 said had ‘‘substantially improved’’ the financial status of the trust fund. 
The law also helps seniors with the 
cost of prescription drugs by closing the doughnut hole. There was that mo-ment in time when seniors weren’t cov-ered by Medicare Part D and had to reach into their savings account. Since the passage of the Affordable Care Act, people with Medicare in Illinois have saved over $554 million on prescription drugs. We closed the doughnut hole with the Affordable Care Act. That is an average savings for each senior in Illinois of $925. Those who want to abolish the Affordable Care Act have some explaining to do to seniors who are pretty happy that they have a help-ing hand when it comes to paying for drugs. 
It is my hope that the Supreme Court 
does the right thing and realizes Con-gress never intended to have tax sub-sidies go to only some Americans and not others. I have always said the Af-fordable Care Act is not a perfect law. As I have said several times on the floor of the Senate, the only perfect law was carried down a mountain by Senator Moses on clay tablets. Ever since, we have tried our best to put a 
law together that serves the purposes of our Nation. We do our best, but we can always improve it. The same thing is true for the Affordable Care Act. 
I hope the time comes—and I hope 
the Supreme Court doesn’t force this sooner rather than later—when we can have a constructive, bipartisan con-versation about the Affordable Care Act. It is not a perfect law. It can be improved. There are parts of it on which I would gladly work with Repub-
licans to change. 
I have told my friends in the res-
taurant business that I know they are concerned about the number of hours employees have to work to be covered and how many employees work at the restaurant and so forth. All of those things can be and should be addressed. If they are addressed in a positive and constructive way, we can improve this law and make it serve the American people better. I think that is why we were elected. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 9:30 a.m. tomorrow. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:15 p.m., 
adjourned until Wednesday, June 17, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT FOUNDATION  
LINDA THOMAS–GREENFIELD, AN ASSISTANT SEC-
RETARY OF STATE (AFRICAN AFFAIRS), TO BE A MEM-BER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE AFRICAN DE-VELOPMENT FOUNDATION FOR THE REMAINDER OF THE TERM EXPIRING SEPTEMBER 27, 2015, VICE JOHNNIE CAR-SON. 
LINDA THOMAS–GREENFIELD, AN ASSISTANT SEC-
RETARY OF STATE (AFRICAN AFFAIRS), TO BE A MEM-BER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE AFRICAN DE-VELOPMENT FOUNDATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEP-TEMBER 27, 2021. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
OVERSEAS PRIVATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION  
JOHN MORTON, OF MASSACHUSETTS, TO BE EXECUTIVE 
VICE PRESIDENT OF THE OVERSEAS PRIVATE INVEST-MENT CORPORATION, VICE MIMI E. ALEMAYEHOU. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
ENRIQUE J. GWIN 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G16JN6.054 S16JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E903 June 16, 2015 
CONGRATULATING THE FATIMA 
COMETS BASEBALL TEAM 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating the Fatima Comets Baseball team for their first place win in the 2015 Class 3 State Baseball Championship. 
This team and their coach should be com-
mended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing the Fat-
ima Comets for a job well done. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 30TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF WAYNE BROTHERS IN-CORPORATED 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
commend Wayne Brothers Incorporated for thirty years of providing premiere site and con-crete contracting to the Southeastern United States. 
From their humble beginnings in 1985 to 
their regional footprint today, Wayne Brothers Incorporated has stood as a pillar of business excellence and community service in North Carolina’s 8th Congressional District. Under the leadership of Keith Wayne, Bob Phillips, John Ashworth, Chad Hensley, Isaiah Wayne, and Daniel Wayne, Wayne Brothers Incor-porated operates with a mission to provide their clients and shareholders the most spe-cialized quality and value in the field of con-struction. 
Most recently Wayne Brothers Incorporated 
won the 2015 Cabarrus County Small Busi-ness of the Year Award, the 2015 National As-sociation of Women in Construction’s Steel Toe Boot Award for Subcontractor of the Year of the Charlotte Chapter, and the 2015 Associ-ated Builders in Construction’s Excellence in Construction Eagle Award for National Excel-lence in Construction. 
Even in the midst of such accolades, Wayne 
Brothers Incorporated remains consistent in its commitment to serve the community. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Wayne 
Brothers Incorporated for their pioneering spirit and demonstration of core American values. It is my pleasure to congratulate them for thirty years of excellence as a business and key fig-ure in our community. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, on the legisla-
tive day of June 15, 2015, a series of votes was held. Had I been present for these roll call votes, I would have cast the following votes: 
Roll Call 364—I vote ‘‘YEA.’’ Roll Call 365—I vote ‘‘YEA.’’ 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. RISHI PRASAD 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-
nize Mr. Rishi Prasad, of Bryn Mawr, Pennsyl-vania, for earning The Congressional Award Gold Medal. 
Mr. Prasad has put in the necessary time 
and commitment to rightfully earn this award. Over the course of two years, he dedicated himself to his community by volunteering at a local hospital and refurbishing computers to be donated to others. He set personal develop-ment and physical fitness challenges for him-self to become a more well-rounded individual. I commend his initiative and service to his community. It is an honor to represent this young man in the House of Representatives. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 7th district of 
Pennsylvania, I want to congratulate Mr. Rishi Prasad on his achievement and wish him the best of luck in the future. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I missed a se-
ries of recorded votes on June 15. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘YEA’’ on roll call vote No. 364 and roll call vote No. 365. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DR. GLENN D. 
STEELE, JR. ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT FROM GEISINGER HEALTH SYSTEM 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I am honored 
to recognize Dr. Glenn D. Steele, Jr. on the occasion of his retirement. Dr. Steele is the President and Chief Executive Officer of 
Geisinger Health System, an integrated health services organization within my congressional district that is widely admired for its develop-ment of innovative care models and its ad-vances in the use of electronic health records and telemedicine. 
After receiving his bachelor’s degree in his-
tory and literature from Harvard University, Dr. Steele went on to graduate with his medical degree from New York University School of Medicine and his PhD in microbiology from Lund University in Sweden. He has served as the Chairman of the American Board of Sur-gery, as well as the President and Chief Exec-utive Officer of Deaconess Professional Prac-tice Group. 
An influential academic, Dr. Steele has con-
tributed immensely to advances in the areas of gastrointestinal cancer, pre-cancer, and, most recently, healthcare delivery and financ-ing. In fact, he is the author or co-author of more than 483 scientific and professional arti-cles, an impressive feat in and of itself. 
In 2001, Dr. Steele assumed his role as 
Chief Executive Officer of Geisinger Health System. Under his direction, the organization has grown from 7,000 employees to 23,500; all of whom provide valuable healthcare serv-ices to citizens both in my congressional dis-trict, the Commonwealth, and across the na-tion. Dr. Steele has also overseen Geisinger’s growth and development into nine hospital campuses, two research centers, and a 467,000-member health plan. Combined, these entities leverage an estimated $7.7 bil-lion, revenue that has strongly impacted Penn-sylvania’s economy for the better. 
Furthermore, national accolades have re-
peatedly been bestowed upon Geisinger for its work in integration, quality, and service—ac-complishments that Dr. Steele has played an integral role in facilitating. Geisinger’s patient care mission is second to none, and Dr. Steele has taken the organization one step further in developing a commitment to medical education, research, and community service. 
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to congratulate 
Dr. Steele as he celebrates the culmination of an impressive, impactful career. Though his daily influence within Geisinger will be missed, his legacy will inevitably carry on. I hope that he finds this new chapter of his life to be as exciting as the last, and that he enjoys this oc-casion in the company of family and friends. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE BUFFALO CHO-
RAL ARTS SOCIETY FOR ITS OUTSTANDING COMMITMENT TO THE BUFFALO COMMUNITY 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I stand before 
you today to recognize and honor the Buffalo Choral Arts Society for its work in the Buffalo 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16JN8.001 E16JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E904 June 16, 2015 
community. The Society has immeasurably 
enriched the lives of many in the Western New York area through its song and commit-ment to the arts. 
Founded 50 years ago in 1966 by Robert F. 
Schulz, the Society has expanded to include a diverse group of over 100 singers drawn from within the Buffalo community. Led by con-ductor Marcia A. Giambrone who enters her 27th season with the choir, the Buffalo Choral Arts Society sings a full schedule of concerts throughout the year breathing life into music as diverse as Bach, pop and Broadway for the enjoyment of its audience. 
As ambassadors of Buffalo and Western 
New York as well as the United States of America as a whole, the Buffalo Choral Arts Society has travelled widely throughout both the nation and the world. Domestically they have performed in such esteemed venues as Carnegie Hall, the National Cathedral and the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts as well as in local Buffalo treasures such as the Historic Riviera Theatre. 
Whilst abroad, the Society has had the 
honor of performing as part of the 50th Anni-versary of the D–Day Invasion at the Amer-ican Cemetery and Memorial in Normandy, as well as having toured throughout Europe and Canada, participating in important cultural ex-change while showcasing the American choral tradition to a wide international audience. 
Voted ‘‘Best Vocal Ensemble’’ in each of the 
last four years in the Artvoice Best of Buffalo contest, the Buffalo Choral Arts Society con-tinues to strive for excellence and to bring its sound to a wider audience. It will travel to New York City in early July to perform a series of concerts over the Independence Day week-end there. 
Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me a 
few moments to honor and recognize the Buf-falo Choral Arts Society. I ask that my col-leagues join me in congratulating the Buffalo Choral Arts Society on an accomplished his-tory of choral music, and to commend it for the exemplary work it has done to enrich the communities of Western New York. 
f 
HONORING MR. WILLIAM HYBL 
HON. DOUG LAMBORN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor one of the most distinguished citizens in the history of Colorado Springs, Mr. William Hybl. 
Bill has not only served Colorado Springs 
with his successful business and non-profit ca-reers, he has served our nation and globally represented us as well. From his service in the United States Air Force, to his term as the President of the United States Olympic Com-mittee, to his time representing us in the United Nations, and, particularly, to his distin-guished tenure as the Chairman of the U.S. Commission on Public Diplomacy, Bill exem-plifies the notion of selfless service for the bet-terment of our nation. 
That’s why I am delighted that Bill is being 
honored by the Japanese Government with the Imperial Decoration of the Order of the Rising Sun, Gold Rays with Neck Ribbon. This distinguished award is one of the highest hon-ors that can be bestowed by the Japanese 
government and Bill has earned this distinction by cultivating a deep and meaningful bond with the Japanese people. 
During his time as USOC President, Bill led 
Team USA in the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano, Japan. He also nurtures many diplo-matic and cultural exchanges between Japan and Colorado. Among the greatest of these is the thriving Sister City relationship between Colorado Springs and Fujiyoshida. 
For these reasons, among many others, I 
am honored to recognize Bill Hybl and join my fellow citizens in Colorado’s Fifth Congres-sional District in congratulating him on this tre-mendous honor. 
f 
CONGRATULATING SARA RHINE OF 
THE ELDON HIGH SCHOOL LADY MUSTANGS 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Sara Rhine of the Eldon High School Lady Mustangs for her first place win in the 2015 Class 3 State High Jump Cham-pionship, giving her a total of ten state med-als. 
Sara won her fourth consecutive first place 
high jump title and finished third in the 100- meter hurdles and long jump. Sara and her coach should be commended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing Sara 
Rhine of the Eldon High Lady Mustangs for a job well done. 
f 
THE COMMENCEMENT OF DIRECT 
FLIGHTS BETWEEN HOUSTON’S GEORGE BUSH INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT AND TAIWAN’S TAOYUAN INTERNATIONAL AIR-PORT 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to celebrate a significant milestone achievement, the commencement of direct flights between Houston’s George Bush Inter-national Airport (IAH) and Taiwan’s Taoyuan International Airport. 
The arrival of EVA Airways Flight #52, 
which is scheduled to arrive at George Bush International Airport from Taipei on June 19, 2015, at 4:30 p.m., will mark the first direct flight from Taipei. 
Houston and Taipei are sister cities, having 
begun a friendship in 1961 that has for more than 50 years provided mutual benefits in the areas of business, culture and education, as has brought significant direct foreign invest-ment to Houston and Texas. 
Taiwan is the United States’ 10th largest 
trading partner and the United States is Tai-wan’s largest foreign investor. Our people-to-people exchanges are flour-
ishing, with over 20,000 Taiwanese students studying in the United States each year. 
In 2012, the first year that Taiwan was eligi-
ble to participate in the Visa Waiver Program, travel from Taiwan to the United States in-creased 35 percent. 
EVA Airway’s direct flight between Houston 
and Taipei will facilitate continuous prosperity and cooperation between the U.S. and Tai-wan. 
As the airline also connects major cities in 
East and Southeast Asia, the direct flight serv-ice is expected to facilitate more business, tourism and leisure travel between not only Houston and Taipei but Houston and the en-tire region as well. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize and 
congratulate Houston’s George Bush Inter-national Airport and EVA Airways on their bold, exciting, and mutually beneficial new venture of direct air travel between Houston and Taipei. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 365 
severe weather unavoidably detained my flight in Chicago, Illinois and I was unable to make the vote series. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
‘‘yes’’. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE JEWISH 
FAMILY SERVICE OF NORTH-EASTERN PENNSYLVANIA’S 100TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the Jewish Family Service of Northeastern Pennsylvania, which is cele-brating 100 years of service to both the Jew-ish and broader community. Jewish Family Service is a human service organization which reflects the Jewish tradition of caring and com-passion for all people in need. Through pro-fessional counseling, advocacy, and edu-cational programming, their services enhance and strengthen the quality of individual, family, and community life in Northeast Pennsylvania. 
Established in August of 1915 as the Jewish 
Federation of Scranton, the organization sought to coordinate relief activities of all serv-ice organizations in the Jewish community. These efforts included philanthropic and chari-table family services, fundraising, and coordi-nation of medical and dental clinics. 
Today, the Jewish Family Service provides 
a host of services to Northeast Pennsylvania, including mental health counseling, Holocaust survivors assistance, Kosher Meals on Wheels, older adult services, and the Mae S. Gelb Kosher Food Pantry. Additionally, the Jewish Family Service administers the Non- Sectarian DentalCare Center, an ongoing col-laborative effort between JFS, the Scranton 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16JN8.007 E16JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E905 June 16, 2015 
District Dental Society, and Fortis Institute 
Dental Hygiene Program to provide free dental care for eligible Lackawanna County residents. 
It is a privilege to honor such a service-ori-
ented institution. I hope that Jewish Family Service of Northeastern Pennsylvania will con-tinue their good work as long as it is needed. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE D.C. CHAP-
TER OF THE BLACK DATA PROC-ESSING ASSOCIATES (BDPA) ON ITS 37TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
ask the House of Representatives to join me in congratulating the District of Columbia chapter of the Black Data Processing Associ-ates (BDPA) on its 37th anniversary of service to the residents of the District of Columbia and the national capital region. 
Founded in May 1978 by Norman Mays, the 
D.C. chapter is the second chapter of BDPA formed, preceded only by the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania chapter, 1977. In 1979, BDPA was restructured as a national organization, and has 45 active chapters across the United States. 
As the oldest and largest African American 
information technology (IT) organization, com-prised of over 2,000 African-American IT pro-fessionals, as well as science, technology, en-gineering and math (STEM) college students, BDPA’s vision is to be a powerful advocate for their interests within the global technology in-dustry. Its mission is to be a global, member- focused technology organization that delivers programs and services for the professional well-being of its members. 
BDPA continues to promote professional 
growth and technical development for young people and those entering into information and communication technology (ICT) in academia and corporate America. We also appreciate BDPA and its 45 chapters for continuing to provide ICT opportunities for STEM students and professionals. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-
atives to join me in celebrating the 37th anni-versary of the D.C. chapter of the Black Data Processing Associates, in congratulating BDPA for its outstanding accomplishments and commitment to the residents of the District of Columbia and around the country, and in welcoming those attending the BDPA Annual National Technology Conference and Career Fair, titled ‘‘Evolution of IT—Embracing the Digital Future,’’ on August 18–22, 2015, at the Washington Hilton Hotel. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 
365, my flight was delayed due to weather. Had I been present, I would have voted 
‘‘aye.’’ 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS: 
THE MISSING BLACK MALE 
SPEECH OF  
HON. ROBIN L. KELLY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
my colleague for yielding as we continue our conversation about the challenges facing black males today. 
As Chairwoman of the CBC Health 
Braintrust, I want to discuss the health chal-lenges and health outcomes for black men. 
There are a wide range of dangers and 
health threats that disproportionately affect black men. Some of these, we’ve known about for decades, and can be mitigated with the right treatments. While others are emerging issues that require more research, more de-bate, and more innovation. The end result is that black men have the lowest life expect-ancy, highest death rate, and have some of the worst health outcomes across demo-graphics. 
Black men suffer disproportionately from 
chronic illnesses, such as cancer and heart disease. In fact, according to the Centers for Disease Control and prevention, heart disease and cancer are the two leading causes of death for African American men. 
Heart disease is the number one killer for all 
American men. But today, African American men remain disproportionately at risk for heart disease. 42.6 percent of black men suffer from high blood pressure, compared to 33.4 per-cent of white men. And nearly 44 percent of African American men suffer from some form of cardiovascular disease that can lead to strokes and heart attacks. 
As for cancer, black men are more than 
twice as likely to die from prostate cancer as white men and have a higher incidence and death rate from colorectal cancer. 
A study published this April in the Journal of 
the American Medical Association found that African Americans were 58 percent more likely than white people to develop prostate cancer. The same study also found that obese black men had a 103 percent increased prostate cancer risk compared to obese white men. 
Obesity has also been connected with heart 
disease and other chronic illnesses. And today almost 40 percent of African American men are obese, 69 percent are obese or over-weight. 
These are serious issues that pose serious 
health dangers to black men. We may not know exactly why black men are so much more at risk for these ailments. But we DO know what we can do to reduce the health risks and take action to prevent disease. 
That’s why as we celebrate National Men’s 
Health Week this week, I want to encourage all men to take action—exercise, eat right, and get a check up. As Chairwoman of the CBC Health Braintrust, I’ll be pushing the conversa-tion forward and working to pass legislation to fund more research and promote health edu-cation so that all Americans can continue liv-
ing healthy lives. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to take a moment to 
discuss two issues that are plaguing the next generation of black Americans. These being issues related to violence—gun violence and suicide. 
Starting with gun violence. In underserved 
communities around America, children are growing up in fear. Kids are playing tag in-doors, instead of out on their front lawn. Moth-ers worry about their child walking home from school. 
Gun violence in America disproportionately 
affects African Americans and more specifi-cally African American males. Today, 50 per-cent of all deaths for black males aged 15–24 are homicides, usually involving a gun. And this year, we are on track for gun violence to become the leading cause of death for young black males. 
In the first six months of this year, the Red-
eye Chicago, a local publication, tracked 157 gun related homicides in the city. Nearly 130 of them involved black males. This isn’t an isolated problem. An analysis of the FBI’s na-tional database of supplementary homicide re-ports revealed that across the country 17,422 black males ages 13 to 30 have been killed by firearms since 2008. 
It’s time we change this. Through common- 
sense legislation, we can ensure that fear of gun violence is no longer the status quo in our communities. That’s one of the reasons I re-leased the Kelly Report on Gun Violence last summer. This was the first comprehensive Congressional report on the gun violence problem in America, and included effective policy strategies to reduce gun violence in America. I ask that my colleagues consider some of the ideas in that report online. 
And continuing to speak of violence, I want 
to bring attention to the alarming increase in suicide among young black boys. 
In 1982, the New York Times wrote an arti-
cle entitled, ‘‘Why Are Blacks Less Suicide Prone than Whites?’’ I stand here now asking ‘‘Why are black boys becoming more suicide prone?’’ 
According to a recently published study in 
the Journal of the American Medical Associa-tion, while the overall suicide rate has re-mained stagnant over the past 20 years, trag-ically the suicide rate among black boys as young as ten years old has nearly doubled. Al-most 20 percent of these suicides are attrib-uted to gun-related wounds. 
This shocking and tragic issue is receiving 
very little attention in our national media and it’s being overlooked in our national discussion on mental health. Just last month, our col-league, Congressman E
MANUEL CLEAVER  
wrote President Barack Obama calling for a task force to examine this issue. In his letter, Congressman C
LEAVER noted that this was the 
first time that any national survey found a higher suicide rate for blacks than for individ-uals of other ethnicities. 
Whether you’re black, white, Latino, or a 
veteran, Congress can do more to take nec-essary health care measures to address sui-cides. This Congress must work to end the horrific epidemic that is preventing young black boys from growing up and reaching their full potential. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JN8.003 E16JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E906 June 16, 2015 
COUNTRY OF ORIGIN LABELING 
AMENDMENTS ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in op-
position to H.R. 2393, the Country of Origin Labeling Amendments Act of 2015. This bill represents a hasty response to a recent WTO ruling on Country of Origin Labeling (COOL) and fails to take into account the wide-ranging views of multiple stakeholders, including con-sumer, labor, farm, environmental and faith- based groups. 
The WTO Appellate Body ruled against 
United States COOL regulations only a few weeks ago and two days after, H.R. 2393 was pushed through the House Agriculture Com-mittee. While the WTO ruled that COOL dis-criminated against imported livestock, it also determined that COOL is a ‘‘legitimate objec-tive’’ to provide consumers information on food origin. COOL has been successfully imple-mented for various nuts, fruits, vegetables, seafood and other food products. Congress must support this progress and take its time to develop a COOL policy that is WTO compliant and reflects the views of consumers and other stakeholders. 
While critics have pointed to the retaliatory 
threats issued by Canada as a reason to ex-pedite this legislation, it is too soon to know whether these threats have merit. Canada and Mexico still must seek WTO authority to im-pose retaliatory tariffs. The WTO must deter-mine whether this amount equals the dam-ages incurred by Canada and Mexico under COOL. The U.S. can appeal these claims and request that the WTO appoint an arbitrator to determine the proper level of damages. Arbi-tration cases generally last several months. There is still ample time for the U.S., Canada and Mexico to come to an agreement before retaliation can take effect. The Congress should let this process play out before taking action. 
I also have concerns about the level of 
damages Canada is seeking in response to COOL. Its claims cite data that is not pub-lically available, while studies from the U.S. supported by data from USDA show that COOL has not had a negative impact on Ca-nadian and Mexican livestock imports. 
Consumers have a right to know where their 
food comes from and studies show that Ameri-cans strongly support country of origin label-ing. Congress should support the desires of consumers and wait for the WTO process to run its course before taking action. I urge a no vote. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TAMMY DUCKWORTH 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. Speaker, on June 
15, 2015 on Roll Call #364 on H. Res. 233— Expressing the sense of the House of Rep-resentatives that Iran should immediately re-lease the three United States citizens that it holds, as well as provide all known information 
on any United States citizens that have dis-appeared within its borders—I am not re-corded because a weather-related flight can-cellation prevented me from being present for the vote. I am a cosponsor of this important resolution and believe it sends a critical mes-sage that if Iran truly wants to engage in con-structive interaction with the world, it must re-lease American prisoners. Had I been present, I would have voted AYE. 
On June 15, 2015 on Roll Call #365 on H.R. 
2559—to designate the ‘‘PFC Milton A. Lee Medal of Honor Memorial Highway’’ in the State of Texas—I am not recorded because a weather-related flight cancellation prevented me from being present for the vote. Had I been present, I would have voted AYE. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KYLE TESTERMAN 
HON. JOHN J. DUNCAN, JR. 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I 
wish to honor a man whose service and per-sonal fortitude brought great distinction to Ten-nessee and this Nation. 
Kyle Testerman, a former two-term mayor 
and the youngest person ever elected to that office in my hometown of Knoxville, Ten-nessee, died recently after a long life filled with family, faith and service. 
Mayor Testerman is one of the finest public 
servants I have ever known, and he was a longtime friend of my father and family. 
As a young man, Mayor Testerman played 
basketball and tennis at the University of Ten-nessee. As most people know, University of Tennessee athletics is one of the highest lev-els of sports in this Country. 
In recognition of his love of tennis and ac-
complishments in public service, the City of Knoxville named the tennis complex in Tyson’s Park in honor of Mayor Testerman. 
Following college, lie rose to Mayor after 
serving on the city council. 
More people are moving to East Tennessee 
to live than almost any other part of the Coun-try in large part because of the contributions Mayor Testerman made towards making the region one of the best places to live. 
From rescuing the city’s zoo from closure, 
establishing a cultural exchange center, and funding the first Mobile Meals program, to starting the Knoxville-hosted 1982 World’s Fair and constructing TVA’s headquarters, Kyle Testerman’s legacy remains in every corner of the town he loved. 
Mr. Speaker, Mayor Kyle Testerman de-
voted his entire life to East Tennessee. I call to the attention of my colleagues and other readers his inspirational service and offer my deepest condolences to his family. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-
er, I submit the following remarks regarding my absence from votes which occurred on 
June 15, 2015. I was delayed in arriving in Washington due to a flight cancelation from Columbia, South Carolina. 
(1) H.R. 891—To designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 141 Paloma Drive in Floresville, Texas, as the ‘‘Floresville Veterans Post Office Building’’— ‘‘aye’’. 
(2) H.R. 1326—To designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 2000 Mulford Road in Mulberry, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Daniel M. Ferguson Post Office’’—‘‘aye’’. 
(3) H.R. 1350—To designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 442 East 167th Street in Bronx, New York, as the ‘‘Herman Badillo Post Office Building’’— ‘‘aye’’. 
(4) H.R. 728—To designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 7050 Highway BB in Cedar Hill, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William B. Woods, Jr. Post Office’’—‘‘aye’’. 
(5) H.R. 2131—To designate the Federal 
building and United States courthouse located at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Waties Waring Judicial Center’’—‘‘aye’’. 
(6) H.R. 2559—To designate the ‘‘PFC Mil-
ton A. Lee Medal of Honor Memorial Highway’’ in the State of Texas—‘‘aye’’. 
(7) H. Res. 233—Expressing the sense of 
the House of Representatives that Iran should immediately release the three United States citizens that it holds, as well as provide all known information on any United States citi-zens that have disappeared within its bor-ders—‘‘aye’’. 
f 
SERGEANT FIRST CLASS WILLIAM 
B. WOODS, JR. POST OFFICE 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of my legislation, H.R. 728, which would designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7050 Highway BB in Cedar Hill, Missouri as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William B. Woods, Jr. Post Office.’’ 
SFC Woods was a decorated constituent of 
the Third district of Missouri who dedicated his life to protecting our country. After graduation from Northwest High School in Cedar Hill, Mis-souri, he first enlisted with the United States Marine Corps in 1996 as a rifleman, and later enlisted in the United States Army where he attended the Special Forces Qualification Course in 2003 and earned the Green Beret. While in the U.S. Army, SFC Woods was as-signed to the 2nd Battalion, 20th Special Forces Group (Airborne) and deployed to Af-ghanistan in 2009 during Operation Enduring Freedom. 
On August 16, 2009, SFC Woods died in 
Germany from wounds sustained while con-ducting a mounted patrol in the Ghazni Prov-ince, Afghanistan on August 14, 2009. He is survived by his loving wife, Elizabeth, and two daughters. 
SFC Woods’ many awards and decorations 
include the Bronze Star Medal, Purple Heart 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16JN8.007 E16JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E907 June 16, 2015 
Medal, Combat Infantryman Badge, Navy and 
Marine Corps Achievement Medal, National Defense Medal, and Afghanistan Campaign Medal with Bronze Service Star, among many others. 
I am honored to name this post office after 
SFC Woods. His dedication and sacrifices for our country should not go unnoticed, and it is the least I can do to honor such a courageous soldier. 
I want to thank the entire Missouri Delega-
tion for coming together to cosponsor this leg-islation, and Chairman C
HAFFETZ for promptly 
considering this legislation in the House Over-sight and Government Reform Committee. It would be an honor to name the Cedar Hill post office in my district after this courageous soldier, and I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. 
f 
HONORING WORLD WAR II VET-
ERAN MR. CHARLES ROBERT ‘‘BOB’’ PROVINE, JR. ON THE OC-CASION OF HIS 90TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. JERRY McNERNEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Mr. M CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor Charles Robert ‘‘Bob’’ Provine, Jr., upon the joyous occasion of his 90th birthday, which will be celebrated with his family, friends, and church family on June 25th in An-tioch, California. 
Born on June 25, 1925 in Redwood City, 
CA, Bob is a decorated World War II veteran with a remarkable life of service, both to his community and to our country. He moved to Antioch, CA as a toddler, where he remains to this day. Shortly before graduating from Anti-och High School in 1943, Bob enlisted in the Army Air Corps. After receiving his Army train-ing, he was sent to Camp Shanks. It was here that he boarded the RMS Queen Elizabeth for 
transport to the Port of Southampton, England. Upon arrival, he immediately boarded an Army Landing Ship, Tank to cross the English Chan-nel to the LeHarve Replacement Depot, France. He left LeHarve on one of the famous ‘‘40’s and 8’s,’’ the same French boxcars that a generation of American Soldiers had ridden in while in France during World War I. Upon arrival in Metz, France, he was assigned as a replacement to General George Patton’s Third Army, and served in the 94th Infantry, 376th Infantry Regiment. During the war, Bob saw combat action in Germany and served in the occupation of Czechoslovakia and Germany. In recognition of his service to our nation Bob was awarded the Combat Infantry Badge and the Bronze Star. 
Bob returned home to Antioch and married 
Alice ‘‘Corky’’ Christ. They were married for more than 30 years before Corky passed away in 1984. Bob and Corky adopted two daughters, Cathy Kolb and Linda Ward, who blessed them with four grandchildren: John C. Kolb, Alicia A. Kolb, Brandon J. Merenda, and Breanna M. Meierdiercks; and three great grandchildren: John C. Kolb, Jr., Autumn Kolb, and Brandon M. Merenda. A fourth great grandson from Breanna and Brian Meierdiercks is expected in October. 
During his 90 years, Bob always worked to 
help others and to build his community. He watched Antioch grow from a small town of a 
few thousand residents to a city of more than 100,000. He has served his community well as a former volunteer firefighter, and for many years at the Antioch Historical Society where he enjoys telling stories about the ‘‘old days’’ in Antioch. 
Mr. Speaker and distinguished colleagues, I 
ask you to join me in honoring Bob Provine for his service to his community and our great na-tion, and in wishing him a happy birthday and best wishes for continued health and happi-ness. 
f 
RECOGNIZING STUDENTS 
ENTERING OUR ARMED FORCES 
HON. RICHARD L. HANNA 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Mr. HANNA. Mr. Speaker, I proudly rise 
today to honor high school graduates from the Broome-Tioga Board of Cooperative Edu-cational Services area who are entering the United States Armed Forces. These young men and women have made an admirable de-cision to defend our country. I join the Conklin Kiwanis Club in honoring them. 
The Conklin Kiwanis Club will hold a special 
celebration to honor these graduating high school seniors. ‘‘The First to Say Thank You’’ event will take place on Wednesday, June 17, 2015 at Susquehanna Valley High School in Conklin. 
Mr. Speaker, I would ask you to join me in 
honoring the following students entering the Army National Guard: Jason Kilts, Lansing; Tyler Miles, Union-Endicott; Jordan Abbott, Windsor; Devin Seeley, Windsor; Matthew Vroman, Windsor. 
Honoring the students entering the United 
States Air Force: Mario Nacinovich, Allynwood Academy; Jonah Sterling, Chenango Forks; Jack Wandersee, Chittenango; Devon Santamaria, Deposit; Samuel Rigney, Jamesville-Dewitt; Tristan Richard, Newark Valley; Matthew Bowers, Newfield. 
Honoring the students entering the United 
States Army: Kaylee Scott, Binghamton; Owen Garlough, Candor; Sara Clark, Chenango Forks; Bronx Gibson, Chenango Forks; Logan McDonald, Chenango Valley; Connor Plue, Deposit; Evaughn Stevens, Deposit; Kevin Desha, Hamilton; Peter Mutz, Harpursville; Timothy Himko, Johnson City; Johnathan Carlsson, Maine-Endwell; Crystal Tripp, Maine-Endwell; Jasmine Rosenberger, Newark Valley; Trevor Zandt, O’Neill; Dylan Hunt, Ves-tal; Jacob Love, Vestal; Sean Patterson, Ves-tal. 
Honoring the students entering the United 
States Marines: Colin C. Button, Binghamton; Heather R. Roberts, Binghamton; Tyler Denny, Chenango Forks; Zachariah T. Jeavons, Chenango Forks; Noah E. Birdsall, Cortland; Thomas L. Foster, Cortland; Samuel L. Park, Dryden; Kristopher K. Card, Newark Valley; Damion M. Wilcox, Newark Valley; Elizabeth M. Wiggins, Susquehanna Valley; Michael C. Torres, Union-Endicott; Sheldan M. Clute, Whitney Point; Joseph M. Damico, Whitney Point; Maria E. Dewey, Whitney Point; Zachary T. Shearer, Whitney Point; Elijah R. Decker, Windsor; Tyler J. Frear, Windsor; Tyreik J. Pryor; Windsor. Honoring the students entering the United 
States Navy: Nikolmi Tubbs, Cortland; Mat-thew Pettigrew, Lansing; Dane Saunders, Maine-Endwell; Jonathan Bullock, Windsor. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MIMI WALTERS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. 
Speaker, on roll call no. 364 I was unavoid-ably detained. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
‘‘aye’’. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LEADERSHIP 
OF DR. WILLIAM S. BARNES 
HON. ALAN GRAYSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Dr. William S. Barnes, better known as Pastor Bill, for a lifetime of service and leadership. A graduate of Emory University with degrees in both business administration and theology, Pastor Bill has been an or-dained minister in the Florida Conference of The United Methodist Church since 1974. Bill also received a Doctor of Divinity from Florida Southern College in 1995. 
Bill was appointed Lead Pastor of St. Luke’s 
United Methodist Church in Orlando in June of 1992. He held that position until July of 2014 when he was appointed Co-Lead Pastor as part of St. Luke’s strategic leadership transi-tion plan. Since 1992 St. Luke’s has grown to be one of the largest and most influential con-gregations in the United Methodist denomina-tion under Pastor Bill’s leadership. 
Throughout his career, Bill has served in 
rural, urban, and suburban churches, as well as Chaplain of Florida Southern College in Lakeland, Florida. Bill doesn’t just preach, he leads by example. During his tenure in Or-lando Bill has helped many communities by initiating dialogues on issues of race and bringing hope to economically disadvantaged areas through vocational training, housing as-sistance, and organizing food and shelter for the homeless. Bill was also one of the first ministers in Orlando to support non-discrimina-tion ordinances offering protections to the LGBT community. 
Bill is well known in Orlando for founding 
Shepherd’s Hope a faith-based volunteer health care organization for the uninsured. It has expanded to five locations throughout Central Florida. 
Pastor Bill was the recipient of the 2002 So-
cial Entrepreneurship Award for his work with Shepherds Hope, the Jefferson Award for American Public Service, the Manhattan Insti-tute’s Award for Social Entrepreneurship, and the Society of John Wesley’s United Methodist Men Fellow. Bill Served on Bethune Cookman University’s Board of Trustees from 2002 to 2011. 
Bill is married to Kim, who teaches three- 
year-olds at St. Luke’s Child Development Center and also designs her own line of cus-tom jewelry. They have two children, Kristin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16JN8.011 E16JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E908 June 16, 2015 
and Meredith, a terrific son-in-law, Sean, and 
two grandsons, Brady and Mason. 
I am honored to recognize Pastor Bill 
Barnes for his leadership and service to his community. 
f 
URGING IRAN TO RELEASE ALL 
DETAINED UNITED STATES CITI-ZENS AND PROVIDE ANY INFOR-MATION REGARDING UNITED STATES CITIZENS THAT HAVE DISAPPEARED WITHIN ITS BOR-DERS 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 15, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, as a co-
sponsor of H. Res. 233, I rise to encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting this resolution urging Iran to release all American citizens currently being illegally held in that country. This resolution also urges the imme-diate release of information about any other American citizens who have disappeared with-in Iran’s borders. Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has stated publically that his govern-ment wishes to engage in a constructive inter-action with the world. This resolution chal-lenges President Rouhani to back up his words with action. If the Iranian people want to earn the trust of the American people, they must honor their commitments and keep their word. Americans Amir Hekmati, Saeed Abedini, Jason Rezaian and Robert Levinson have been unjustly held against their will in Iran for years. This resolution urges Iran to do the right thing and release them so that they can come home and rejoin their families. 
f 
HONORING SONS AND DAUGHTERS 
IN TOUCH 
HON. JANICE HAHN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Sons and Daughters in Touch (SDIT) on its 25th anniversary. The sons and daugh-ters of servicemen and women who have died or gone missing in action while serving in the United States military are known as Gold Star children. Nearly 40 years after the end of the Vietnam War, many of their fathers and moth-ers are still unaccounted. 
SDIT was founded by Tony Cordero, whose 
father died during the Vietnam War. Tony wanted to find others like him who had lost a parent in battle, and since its founding, SDIT has been dedicated to locating, uniting, and providing support to Gold Star children as well as other family members whose relatives have died or remain missing as a result of the Viet-nam War. Prior to the founding of Sons and Daughters in Touch, in 1990, there was no or-ganization to support those who lost their par-ents during the war. This organization cur-rently represents an estimated 20,000 sons and daughters in the United States. 
SDIT will be celebrating its 25th anniversary 
on Father’s Day, Sunday June 21, at the Viet-nam Veterans Memorial in Washington, DC. 
The United States of America Vietnam War Commemoration will recognize Gold Star sons and daughters and their families who lost their loved ones during the war for their service and sacrifice. Representatives from all Gold Star families, including those from Korea, WWII and recent conflicts, will participate in the event. 
As a nation, we must pay tribute to the gen-
erations of children whose parents suffered the ultimate sacrifice defending our nation. I ask my colleagues to stand here with me in upholding our shared responsibility to comfort and care for the loved ones and communities these servicemen and women left behind. I ask that my colleagues join me in honoring our nation’s sons and daughters and the many contributions their parents have made for our country by supporting this resolution. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHERYL JOHNSON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Cheryl Johnson of Bedford, Iowa, on her retirement from the Bedford School. Ms. Johnson has been a dedicated public servant helping to educate the future of Iowa—its students. 
Ms. Johnson has worked at the Bedford 
School for 15 years, spending three of those years in the elementary school and 12 with the Secondary School. During her tenure at Bedford she has worked diligently to support her community. She performed many different roles and enjoyed being able to watch her four older grandchildren graduate from Bedford. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent 
dedicated public servants like Cheryl Johnson from the great state of Iowa in the United States Congress. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating her on reaching this important milestone, and wishing her continued success for years to come. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MIKE BOST 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 364 
and 365. I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted yea on roll call 364 and yea on roll call 365. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, on roll call nos. 
364 and 365 I was unavoidably detained due to weather and flight delays. Had I been present, I would have voted aye and aye. HONORING THE SERVICE OF MR. 
COLEMAN HATTON 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize an outstanding individual, Mr. Coleman Hatton, of Clark County, Kentucky, for his dis-tinguished military service during World War II. Mr. Hatton, a part of the greatest generation, served our nation in the United States Army. 
Mr. Hatton left the comforts of home and 
family on December 26th, 1942 when he was twenty years old. He served as a Tech-4 in Company D, 23rd Battalion for twenty nine months. His service was in Central Europe, primarily in France, England, and Germany. 
Mr. Hatton served as a light tank crewman 
and was a driver. The light tank crew’s job was to find the enemy and then draw fire for the big tanks. Mr. Hatton drove the lead tank directly behind the unit commander. He and his fellow crewmen took turns sleeping in the tanks while on guard duty. They went without hot meals for days at a time, ate C-rations, and sometimes visited nearby farms for eggs when they felt safe from enemy fire. Like many of his fellow soldiers, Hatton witnessed the horrors of war. He saw tanks get hit result-ing in fires that killed all inside. He recovered bodies of dead American soldiers and some of these bodies had been desecrated by wild ani-mals. He saw a Colonel’s head get blown off. Hatton served our country admirably and bravely. 
Mr. Hatton survived his service and returned 
home February 14, 1946. He and his late wife were married for sixty six years. He has six children, fourteen grandchildren, twenty great grandchildren, and three great great grand-children. 
The bravery of Mr. Hatton and his fellow 
men and women of the United States Army is heroic. Because of the courage of individuals from Clark County and from all across our great nation, our freedoms have been saved for our generation and for future generations. He is truly an outstanding American, a patriot, and a hero to us all. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE STATE 
CHAMPIONS IN BOYS’ SOCCER FROM IOWA’S FIRST DISTRICT 
HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-
gratulate the Iowa state championship boys’ soccer teams from my district. The champions from each of Iowa’s three soccer classes claimed their titles over the weekend on ‘‘Championship Saturday’’ at James W. Cownie Soccer Park in Des Moines, Iowa, and all of these schools are located in my district. 
The Dyersville Beckman Blazers capped an 
undefeated 18–0 season with a 1–0 victory over Gilbert High School in the class 1A final. Senior Billy Hoffman scored the game winning goal in double overtime to secure the school’s first boys’ soccer state title in Beckman’s his-tory. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16JN8.015 E16JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E909 June 16, 2015 
The Cedar Rapids Xavier Saints bested 
Central DeWitt 1–0 in double overtime to cap-ture the school’s seventh class 2A title and fourth boys’ soccer title in five seasons. Luke Dunball netted the game winner to cap a 17– 2 season for the Saints. 
Lastly, the Marion Linn-Mar Lions shut out 
Ankeny Centennial High School 2–0. An ‘‘own goal’’ off a free kick by junior Alexy Boehm and goal by sophomore Leroy Enzugusi proved enough to secure the school’s first state championship in boys’ soccer. The Lions finished the season 20–3. 
I congratulate all the players and coaches 
including head coaches Mirek Laskowski of Beckman High School, Amir Hadzic of Xavier High School, and Corey Brinkmeyer of Linn- Mar High School. I look forward to seeing con-tinued success both on and off the field from these student athletes next season. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, 
on June 11 and 12, 2015, I was absent from Congress to attend a family event in California and was unable to cast my votes on Roll Call votes #345 through 363. Had I been present: 
Roll Call #345—Concurring in the Senate 
Amendments with an Amendment to H.R. 1295—Trade Preferences Extension Act, I would have voted AYE. 
Roll Call #346 Schiff Amendment—Prohibits 
the use of funds after March 31, 2016 for Op-eration Inherent Resolve in the absence of a law enacted by Congress that specifically au-thorizes the use of military force against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant I would have voted AYE. 
Roll Call #347 Lee Amendment #1—Pro-
hibits the use of funds pursuant to the 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF) after December 31, 2015 I would have voted AYE. 
Roll Call #348 Lee Amendment #2—Pro-
hibits the use of funds pursuant to the 2002 Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF) against Iraq I would have voted AYE. 
Roll Call #349 Sablan Amendment—Pro-
hibits the use of funds to establish any live-fire range, training course, or maneuver area with-in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, in contravention of certain law and United States Code I would have voted AYE. 
Roll Call #350 Gosar Amendment #1—Pro-
hibits the use of funds to be expended by the Department of the Navy to divest or transfer, or prepare to divest or transfer, any search or rescue units from the Marine Corps I would have voted NO. 
Roll Call #351 Johnson (GA) Amendment 
#1—Prohibits the use of funds to transfer a flash-bang grenade to federal and state law enforcement agencies under section 2576a of title 10, United States Code I would have voted NO. 
Roll Call #352 Gosar Amendment #2—Pro-
hibits the use of funds to procure any Army Aircrew Combat Uniforms I would have voted NO. 
Roll Call #353 Johnson (GA) Amendment 
#2—Prohibits the use of funds to transfer a mine-resistant ambush protected vehicle to 
federal and state law enforcement agencies under section 2576a of title 10, United States Code I would have voted NO. 
Roll Call #354 Ellison Amendment—Pro-
hibits the use of funds for contractors who have violated certain wage requirements of the Fair Labor Standards Act I would have voted AYE. 
Roll Call #355 Smith (MO) Amendment— 
Prohibits the use of funds to provide legal de-fense counsel for any foreign detainee held at the U.S. Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba I would have voted NO. 
Roll Call #356 Massie Amendment—Pro-
hibits the use of funds to query certain com-munications collected under Sec. 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978. It also prohibits funds from being used by the National Security Agency (NSA) and the Cen-tral Intelligence Agency (CIA) to mandate or request that a person alter its product or serv-ice to permit electronic surveillance of any user of that product of service I would have voted AYE. 
Roll Call #357 Democratic Motion to Re-
commit H.R. 2685 I would have voted AYE. 
Roll Call #358 Final Passage of H.R. 
2685—Department of Defense Appropriations Act I would have voted NO. 
Roll Call #359 Adoption of the Rule I would 
have voted NO. 
Roll Call #360 On Approving the Journal I 
would have voted NO. 
Roll Call #361 Concurring in portion of Sen-
ate Amdt comprising title II (except section 212) I would have voted NO. 
Roll Call #362 Concurring in portion of sen-
ate amendment preceding title II I would have voted NO. 
Roll Call #363 Concurring in Senate amend-
ments with amendment I would have voted NO. 
f 
HONORING MS. ALICE ADRIENNE 
SPEARMAN 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor 
the extraordinary life of Ms. Alice Adrienne Spearman, former School Board Member for the Oakland Unified School District, OUSD. Known throughout the Bay Area as a pas-sionate advocate for children, Ms. Spearman has left an undeniable mark in our community. With her passing on May 26, 2015, we look to honor her extraordinary life work and the lives she touched throughout her career. 
Ms. Spearman, a proud Oakland native, 
was born on November 7, 1951. She grad-uated from Castlemont High School in 1969 and later attended California State University, CSU, East Bay and CSU San Jose where she earned an Associate’s Degree. While attend-ing CSU San Jose, Ms. Spearman followed in her mother’s footsteps and became a proud member of Delta Sigma Theta, Sorority Incor-porated. 
Upon receiving her Associates Degree, Ms. 
Spearman decided to pursue a career in health services and obtained her Registered Nursing, RN, License. She worked as an RN with the Department of Veterans Affairs for a decade before retiring in 1980. Ms. Spearman’s love for education grew 
from her mother, who worked as a teacher and school principal. When Spearman’s daughters attended her alma mater, Castlemont, she founded a parental patrol group to offer student behavioral assistance. She also hosted a television talk show on Soul Beat Television Network where she frequently discussed issues affecting students attending Oakland public schools. 
In 2004, Ms. Spearman was elected to 
serve the East Oakland community as a School Board Member for the Oakland Unified School District, where she served tirelessly until 2012 and in a variety of positions; includ-ing Board President and Vice President. It was here that she continued her work advocating for quality education while always cham-pioning the need for resources for Oakland students. Ms. Spearman also worked to en-sure Oakland residents were given priority for construction jobs within the Oakland Unified School District. 
Ms. Spearman was the mother of two 
daughters: Kiisha Jackson and Leilani Spearman; and, a proud grandmother of four: Tanisha Barker, Jocelyn Barker, Kii’era Smith, and Jahkari Clyde Lee Smith. 
I will always remember Alice’s determina-
tion, her optimism, and love for children. Her larger than life spirit will live forever and will continue to give us hope for the future. I will be forever grateful for her wise counsel and friendship. 
Today, California’s 13th Congressional Dis-
trict salutes the legacy of Ms. Alice Adrienne Spearman. Ms. Spearman’s contributions have truly impacted countless lives throughout the Bay Area. I join all of Ms. Spearman’s loved ones in celebrating her incredible life and offer my most sincere condolences. 
f 
NATIONAL MEN’S HEALTH MONTH 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to commemorate National Men’s Health Month a time to focus attention and heighten awareness of preventable health problems af-fecting men and boys and encourage early de-tection and treatment. 
Men’s Health Month is celebrated across 
the country with screenings, health fairs, media appearances, and other health edu-cation and outreach activities. 
The National Men’s Health Network has en-
couraged the development of thousands of health awareness activities as corporations, hospital systems, clinics, faith-based commu-nities, the public sector, and others use the month of June to highlight their services and reach out to men and their families. 
In my district of Houston, Texas, this infor-
mation has led to the increase in men being conscious about their risk factors for prostate cancer and other diseases. 
The University of Houston has an entire 
clinic specializing in men’s health for the Houston community to collect information and receive treatment; this clinic provides edu-cational and specialized services that encour-age men of all ages and ethnicities to imple-ment positive lifestyle changes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16JN8.022 E16JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E910 June 16, 2015 
I encourage all men, young and older, and 
their families, to develop positive and proactive attitudes toward health and wellness, engage in preventive behaviors, lead healthy lifestyles, and seek timely medical advice and care. 
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer 
in men, afflicting 1 out of every 11 American men and killing 34,000 men every year. 
In the past 6 years, the death rate for pros-
tate cancer has grown at almost twice the death rate of breast cancer. 
The American Cancer Society estimates for 
2015 the number of new cases for prostate cancer to be 220,800, and the number of deaths to be 27,540 from prostate cancer. 
For African-American men, the rate of afflic-
tion is even worse; African-American men have the highest incidence of prostate cancer in the world. 
These are not just statistics, each of these 
numbers represent a father, brother, son, uncle, or cousin who has been affected and passed away from this treatable disease. 
Mr. Speaker, much progress has been 
made in the past 21 years with improvements in the health and well-being of men and boys, with a dramatic improvement in life expect-ancy and surprising drops in key mortality indi-cators. 
There has been a steep drop among males 
in overall mortality, and corresponding im-provements in the mortality rates for cancer and cardiovascular diseases. 
Our goal this month should be to raise 
awareness about men’s health in our commu-nities and to rededicate ourselves to providing support for our men by further educating our-selves and our communities on men’s health and effects. 
Recognizing and preventing men’s health 
problems is not just an issue of concern to me because it impacts wives, mothers, daughters, and sisters. 
Mr. Speaker, as a Congresswoman, wife, 
mother and now grandmother, I can personally attest to the importance of heightening the awareness of preventable health problems as well as encouraging the early detection of dis-ease that affect our young men’s lives. 
Men’s health is truly a family issue. 
f 
SUPPORTING THE ECONOMIC DE-
VELOPMENT OF SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, last 
week, the House considered legislation that reauthorizes the United States’ efforts to en-gage and assist the economies of sub-Saha-ran Africa. I stand in support of these objec-tives, as well as the efforts and programs that encourage development and improve eco-nomic relations between our nation and that region. 
Because trade preferences programs be-
tween the U.S. and other economies can pro-mote economic development and foster invest-ment, I am pleased that many African coun-tries already join in these initiatives. It is im-portant that long-term certainty is provided for the businesses and workers that have taken advantage of U.S. trade programs and devel-
opment efforts. In addition, the United States should also be prepared to engage with and support the sustainable growth of those eco-nomics that are currently ineligible for and not participating in current preferences programs. 
Although the Democratic Republic of Congo, 
DRC, is among those sub-Saharan African na-tions that are not at the moment eligible for trade preferences, I understand that after a long-fought civil war, the Congolese are work-ing hard to revive their economy. While the challenges facing the DRC are considerable, there are many ways that the U.S. can work with the government of the Democratic Repub-lic of the Congo to reduce poverty, increase stability, strengthen the rule of law, improve workers’ rights, and support the establishment of a market-based economy that will allow the Congolese people to grow their economy. These important steps can help nations pro-mote exports and investments that foster eco-nomic development elopment in partnership with the United States. 
I look forward to working with my colleagues 
in the House to maintain engagement and support for the growth of the economies of sub-Saharan Africa. It is my hope that African countries continue their involvement, and that those currently outside of the program take steps to initiate participation, such as meeting eligibility standards. I am pleased that the U.S. will continue to partner with the people and countries of sub-Saharan Africa to grow economies, reduce poverty, and share pros-perity. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, on Monday, June 15, 2015, I was absent from the House due to a flight cancellation and a delay to my secondary flight plans. Due to my absence, I did not record any votes for the day. I would like to reflect how I would have voted had I been present for legislative business. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
‘‘aye’’ on Roll Call 364 and Roll Call 365. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE FAIRFAX CHAM-
BER OF COMMERCE ON THEIR 90TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
congratulate the Fairfax Chamber of Com-merce on 90 years of successfully promoting business throughout the entire Northern Vir-ginia region. By clearly and effectively voicing the priorities and concerns of the business community to our local, state, and national leaders, the Chamber has helped make Fair-fax a great place to have a business and thrive. Led by President and CEO Jim Cor-coran and his dedicated staff, as well as a very engaging board of directors, the Fairfax Chamber of Commerce is the gold standard 
for what a local Chamber of Commerce should be, encouraging business leaders and advo-cates to come together to promote and share ideas that will inevitably help foster a healthy economy. TIME magazine has called Fairfax County ‘‘one of the great economic success stories of our time.’’ A George Mason Univer-sity Center for Regional Analysis study esti-mated the gross county product, or market value of the goods and services produced in Fairfax County—at nearly $91 billion. The Fairfax Chamber of Commerce has served the community with great distinction and achieve-ment over the last 90 years. I am honored to represent the Fairfax Chamber of Commerce in Congress, and hope that their next 90 years may be even more successful and pros-perous. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 75TH BIRTHDAY 
OF DR. JEAN G. CHAMPOMMIER 
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate Dr. Jean G. Champommier on the celebration of his 75th birthday, and on his distinguished career of making our communities healthier and our children safer. As a Public Health Commis-sioner for Los Angeles County, as a commu-nity leader and a businessman, as an educa-tor, as a social worker, and as a family thera-pist, Dr. Champommier has been a prominent part of the continuing fight to make Southern California a better place to live and raise a family. 
Since 1983, Dr. Champommier has been 
the President and CEO of Alma Family Serv-ices in East Los Angeles. He oversees a di-verse and multidisciplinary staff of 170 people, spread out across 13 locations, 22 schools, and seven health facilities. Alma offers multi-lingual and multigenerational community- based services for families. These services in-clude behavioral health support, substance abuse services, help for individuals with intel-lectual and developmental special needs, pre-school services, and clinical support for at-risk youth. 
Dr. Champommier’s work at Alma is in 
keeping with his life’s work. For more than fifty years, he has worked to advance behavioral health and child welfare through community- based efforts. In the 1960s, with the help of funds from the Office of Equal Opportunity, he played a key role in developing family coun-seling services in low-income parts of Ventura County. These services were an early local version of efforts to prevent child abuse and neglect. In the 1970s, he served as Chief of Social Services for a behavioral health clinic in Lincoln Heights, which set up new behavioral health services at local schools. 
Dr. Champommier has also been a leader 
on our campuses and in our classrooms. He has taught about child welfare and community organization at UC Santa Barbara, Cal State Northridge, and Cal State L.A. He has served as a social work field instructor at USC and UCLA. And he has coordinated conferences on farm labor issues and Latino youth em-powerment at UC Santa Barbara Extension. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16JN8.025 E16JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E911 June 16, 2015 
It is little wonder that Dr. Champommier’s 
work has earned him federal, state, and coun-ty commendations. I am pleased to add my voice to this chorus of congratulations. I thank Dr. Champommier for his many years of ex-emplary dedication to the families and children of my 40th Congressional District and beyond. I hope he will celebrate a very happy 75th birthday this Saturday, June 20th, with his beautiful wife—and my good friend—Dr. Marie S. Torres, and their extended family and friends. 
f 
CONGRATULATING CRAIG HOWARD 
ON HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS 
HON. TOM REED 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-
gratulate Craig Howard on the completion of a successful career with the Department of Vet-erans Affairs. 
Mr. Howard has dedicated his career to 
serving our veterans. During his 37 years with the Department of Veterans Affairs, he has worked tirelessly to ensure that veterans re-ceive the medical care they need and de-serve. 
Mr. Howard has served as Director for the 
Canandaigua VA Medical Center since 2005. His leadership was instrumental in establishing the Center of Excellence for Suicide Preven-tion and PTSD, the Veterans Crisis Line, the National Homeless Call Center, and the Na-tional Caregiver Support Line. These re-sources and services have had a profoundly positive impact on the lives of our local vet-erans. 
During his tenure as Director, the 
Canandaigua VA Medical Center has ranked highly in both patient and employee satisfac-tion. Mr. Howard leaves behind a strong leg-acy of service and leadership: his work has left a lasting imprint on our community. 
I thank Mr. Howard for his years of dedi-
cated service to our veterans and wish him the very best in his retirement. 
f 
AMERICA GIVES MORE ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, June 12, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in op-
position to the Customs bill—a bill that was in-cluded as part of a trade package that in-cludes Trade Adjustment Assistance and 
Trade Promotion Authority, also known as Fast Track. This vote represents a flawed and hurried process to expedite the proposed Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement. More-over, the Customs Bill fails to strengthen trade policy and enforcement and instead is being used as a way to weaken TPA and its negoti-ating objectives. 
While the Customs bill is designed to mod-
ernize customs operations and promote en-forcement at the border through trade laws, it takes a number of steps back in these areas. For example, this bill cuts funding for the Inter-agency Trade Enforcement Center and the Trade Enforcement Trust Fund. It also re-moves a currency manipulation provision that passed out of the Senate with bipartisan sup-port that would have imposed countervailing duties against countries that manipulate their currencies. I am also troubled by a provision that weakens a human trafficking negotiating objective that would have prevented the U.S. from entering into trade agreements with countries in the State Department Human Trafficking Report such as Malaysia, by allow-ing the President to simply certify that coun-tries are taking ‘‘concrete steps’’ to address human trafficking. 
In addition, I am deeply opposed to a new 
negotiating objective that was added in the 11th hour, which ensures that trade agree-ments do not create new obligations related to combating climate change or that would re-quire changes in U.S. domestic laws. Trade agreements must not restrict our ability to tackle climate change in the 21st century. 
This bill also adds restrictive language re-
lated to immigration to ensure that trade agreements do not require changes to U.S. immigration laws or the issuance of new visas. 
Mr. Speaker, we have to strengthen TPA 
and its negotiating objectives—not weaken it. We must improve TPA before moving forward on any future trade agreement that will have wide-ranging consequences for America’s working class. I strongly urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 364 
severe weather unavoidably detained my flight in Chicago, Illinois and I was unable to make the vote series. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ TRIBUTE TO HEIDI VANDERHOLM 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the achievements of Heidi Vanderholm of Stanton, Iowa for receiving a $2,500 grant from Iowa Communications Alli-ance to attend Central College. 
The Iowa Communications Alliance offers 
this grant scholarship to high school seniors as well as students already enrolled in tech-nical schools, colleges, and universities who receive service from a telecommunications provider that is a member of the Iowa Com-munications Alliance. This honor was awarded to Heidi in order to help her achieve her dreams of earning a college education. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent fu-
ture leaders like Heidi Vanderholm from the great state of Iowa in the United States Con-gress. I know my colleagues in the United States Congress will join me in congratulating her for receiving this prestigious award. I wish her the best of luck in her studies and future career. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 
364, flight was delayed due to weather. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Aye.’’ 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. YVETTE D. CLARKE 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, on 
June 15, 2015, I was unavoidably detained in my district due to weather and missed re-corded votes #364–365. Had I been present, on Roll Call #364, H. Res. 233—Expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that Iran should immediately release the three United States citizens that it holds, as well as provide all known information on any United States citizens that have disappeared within its borders, I would have voted YEA; and on Roll Call #365, H.R. 2559—To designate the ‘‘PFC Milton A. Lee Medal of Honor Memorial Highway’’ in the State of Texas, I would have voted YEA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16JN8.029 E16JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D709 Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4171–S4211. 
Measures Introduced: Twelve bills were intro-
duced, as follows: S. 1578–1589.                       Page S4202 
Measures Reported: 
H.R. 2578, making appropriations for the Depart-
ments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–66)
                    Page S4202 
Measures Considered: 
Department of Defense Appropriations Act— 
Cloture: Senate began consideration of the motion to 
proceed to consideration of H.R. 2685, making ap-propriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016. 
                                                                                    Pages S4171–73 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on clo-ture will occur on Thursday, June 18, 2015. 
                                                                                            Page S4171 
National Defense Authorization Act—Agree-
ment: Senate resumed consideration of H.R. 1735, 
to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S4173–94 
Adopted: 
By 78 yeas to 21 nays (Vote No. 209), Feinstein 
(for McCain) Amendment No. 1889 (to Amendment No. 1463), to reaffirm the prohibition on torture. 
                                                                                    Pages S4178–82 
Rejected: 
By 54 yeas to 45 nays (Vote No. 210), McCain 
(for Ernst/Boxer) Amendment No. 1549 (to Amend-ment No. 1463), to provide for a temporary, emer-gency authorization of defense articles, defense serv-ices, and related training directly to the Kurdistan Regional Government. (Pursuant to the order of Thursday, June 11, 2015, the amendment having 
failed to achieve 60 affirmative votes, was not agreed to.)
                                                                             Pages S4185–86 
By 50 yeas to 49 nays (Vote No. 211) Reed (for 
Gillibrand) Amendment No. 1578 (to Amendment No. 1463), to reform procedures for determinations to proceed to trial by court-martial for certain of-fenses under the Uniform Code of Military Justice. (Pursuant to the order of Thursday, June 11, 2015, the amendment having failed to achieve 60 affirma-tive votes, was not agreed to.)
                    Pages S4186–87 
By 26 yeas to 73 nays (Vote No. 213), Vitter/ 
Moran Further Modified Amendment No. 1473 (to Amendment No. 1463), to limit the retirement of Army combat units, and to provide an offset. 
                                                                                    Pages S4192–94 
Withdrawn: 
Lee Amendment No. 1687 (to Amendment No. 
1473), to provide for the protection and recovery of the greater sage-grouse, the conservation of lesser prairie-chickens, and the removal of endangered spe-cies status for the American burying beetle. 
                                                                                            Page S4189 
Pending: 
McCain Amendment No. 1463, in the nature of 
a substitute.                                                                   Page S4173 
McCain Amendment No. 1456 (to Amendment 
No. 1463), to require additional information sup-porting long-range plans for construction of naval vessels.
                                                              Pages S4173, S4188 
Cornyn Amendment No. 1486 (to Amendment 
No. 1463), to require reporting on energy security issues involving Europe and the Russian Federation, and to express the sense of Congress regarding ways the United States could help vulnerable allies and 
partners with energy security.
                             Page S4173 
Markey Amendment No. 1645 (to Amendment 
No. 1463), to express the sense of Congress that ex-ports of crude oil to United States allies and partners should not be determined to be consistent with the national interest if those exports would increase en-ergy prices in the United States for American con-sumers or businesses or increase the reliance of the United States on imported oil.
                           Page S4173 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Feb 19, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D16JN5.REC D16JN5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D710 June 16, 2015 
Reed (for Blumenthal) Modified Amendment No. 
1564 (to Amendment No. 1463), to enhance protec-tions accorded to servicemembers and their spouses. 
                                                                                            Page S4173 
McCain (for Paul) Modified Amendment No. 
1543 (to Amendment No. 1463), to strengthen em-ployee cost savings suggestions programs within the Federal Government.
                                                Page S4173 
Reed (for Durbin) Modified Amendment No. 
1559 (to Amendment No. 1463), to prohibit the award of Department of Defense contracts to in-verted domestic corporations.
                              Page S4173 
Fischer/Booker Amendment No. 1825 (to Amend-
ment No. 1463), to authorize appropriations for na-tional security aspects of the Merchant Marine for fiscal years 2016 and 2017.
                                  Page S4173 
McCain (for Hatch) Amendment No. 1911 (to 
Amendment No. 1456), to require a report on the Department of Defense definition of and policy re-garding software sustainment.
                            Page S4188 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 83 yeas to 15 nays (Vote No. 212), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on McCain Amendment No. 1463 (listed above).
                                          Pages S4187–88 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that all time during morning business and the adjournment of the Senate count post-cloture on McCain Amendment No. 1463 (listed above). 
                                                                                            Page S4209 
Message from the President: Senate received the 
following message from the President of the United States: 
Transmitting, pursuant to the Atomic Energy Act 
of 1954, the proposed Agreement for Cooperation Between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Republic of Korea Concerning Peaceful Uses of Nuclear Energy; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Re-lations. (PM–20)
                                                Pages S4198–99 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Linda Thomas-Greenfield, an Assistant Secretary 
of State (African Affairs), to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the African Development Foundation for the remainder of the term expiring September 27, 2015. 
Linda Thomas-Greenfield, an Assistant Secretary 
of State (African Affairs), to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the African Development Foundation for a term expiring September 27, 2021. John Morton, of Massachusetts, to be Executive 
Vice President of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation. 
A routine list in the Air Force.
                    Page S4211 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S4199 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S4199 
Executive Communications:               Pages S4199–S4200 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S4200–02 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S4202–04 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S4204–06 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S4197–98 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S4206–09 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S4209 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S4209 
Record Votes: Five record votes were taken today. 
(Total—213)                       Pages S4182, S4186, S4187, S4194 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 6:15 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, June 17, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S4209.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ment of Homeland Security approved for full com-mittee consideration an original bill entitled, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 Homeland Security Appropriations’’. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ment of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies approved for full committee consideration an original bill entitled, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations’’. 
NOMINATIONS 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee 
concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Jonathan Elkind, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (International Affairs), and Monica C. Regalbuto, of Illinois, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (Environmental Management), after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Feb 19, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D16JN5.REC D16JN5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D711 June 16, 2015 
TRADE PROMOTION AND CAPACITY- 
BUILDING IN THE ASIA-PACIFIC REGION 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on East 
Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy concluded a hearing to examine strategic im-plications of trade promotion and capacity-building in the Asia-Pacific region, after receiving testimony from Kurt Tong, Principal Deputy Assistant Sec-retary, Bureau of Economic and Business Affairs, and Tom Malinowski, Assistant Secretary, Bureau of De-mocracy, Human Rights and Labor, both of the De-partment of State; and Jason Foley, Deputy Assistant Administrator, Bureau for Asia, Agency for Inter-national Development. 
FEDERAL REAL PROPERTY REFORM 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine 
Federal real property reform, focusing on how cut-ting red tape and better management could achieve billions in savings, after receiving testimony from David Mader, Controller, Office of Management and Budget; Norman Dong, Commissioner, Public 
Buildings Service, General Services Administration; and David Wise, Director, Physical Infrastructure Issues, Government Accountability Office. 
HEALTH INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine health information technology, focusing on what providers and the Department of Health and Human Services can do to improve electronic health record user expe-rience, after receiving testimony from Vindell Wash-ington, Franciscan Missionaries of Our Lady Health System, Baton Rouge, Louisiana; Timothy A. Pletcher, Michigan Health Information Network Shared Services, East Lansing; and Meryl Moss, Coastal Medical, Inc., Providence, Rhode Island. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed 
hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. 
Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 10 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 2788–2797; and 5 resolutions, H.J. Res. 57; and H. Res. 317–320, were introduced. 
                                                                                            Page H4431 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H4432–33 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 2580, to provide for a technical change to 
the Medicare long-term care hospital moratorium ex-ception, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–156); 
H. Res. 319, providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 160) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1190) to repeal the provisions of the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act providing for the Inde-pendent Payment Advisory Board (H. Rept. 114–157); 
H.R. 2506, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-
curity Act to delay the authority to terminate Medi-care Advantage contracts for MA plans failing to achieve minimum quality ratings, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 114–158, Part 1); H.R. 2507, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-
curity Act to establish an annual rulemaking sched-ule for payment rates under Medicare Advantage, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–159, Part 1); 
H.R. 2579, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-
curity Act to improve the risk adjustment under the Medicare Advantage program, and for other pur-poses, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–160, Part 1); and 
H.R. 2581, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-
curity Act to establish a 3-year demonstration pro-gram to test the use of value-based insurance design methodologies under eligible Medicare Advantage plans, to preserve Medicare beneficiary choice under Medicare Advantage, to revise the treatment under the Medicare program of infusion drugs furnished through durable medical equipment, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–161, Part 1).
                                                                    Pages H4430–31 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Hultgren to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H4385 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:08 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                               Page H4386 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JN5.REC D16JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D712 June 16, 2015 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval 
of the Journal by a voice vote.             Pages H4386, H4395 
Directing the President, pursuant to section 5(c) of the War Powers Resolution, to remove United States Armed Forces deployed to Iraq or Syria on or after August 7, 2014—Order of Busi-ness: Agreed by unanimous consent that it be in 
order at any time to consider in the House H. Con. Res. 55, directing the President, pursuant to section 5(c) of the War Powers Resolution, to remove United States Armed Forces deployed to Iraq or Syria on or after August 7, 2014, other than Armed Forces required to protect United States diplomatic facilities and personnel, from Iraq and Syria, if called up by the chair of the Committee on Foreign Affairs or his designee; that the concurrent resolution be considered as read; and that the previous question be considered as ordered on the concurrent resolution to adoption without intervening motion or demand for division of the question except for two hours of de-bate equally divided among and controlled by Rep-resentatives Royce, Engel, and McGovern or their re-spective designees.
                                                     Page H4389 
Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016: The House passed H.R. 2596, to authorize 
appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Re-tirement and Disability System, by a recorded vote of 247 ayes to 178 noes, Roll No. 369. 
                                                                             Pages H4396–H4421 
Rejected the Dingell motion to recommit the bill 
to the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 183 ayes to 240 noes, Roll No. 368. 
                                                                                    Pages H4419–21 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–19 shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence now printed in the bill.
                                                                     Page H4404 
Agreed to: 
Israel amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 
114–155) that requires the Director of National In-telligence to provide a report to the congressional in-telligence and defense committees on the trends re-lated to tunnel use by our adversaries and an update on collaborative efforts with partner countries; 
                                                                                    Pages H4404–05 Israel amendment (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 
114–155) that requires the Director of National In-telligence to provide a report to the congressional in-telligence and defense committees on the cyber threat trends identified by the Cyber Threat Intel-ligence Integration Center, an assessment of collabo-rative efforts between federal agencies, and rec-ommendations to improve those collaborative efforts; 
                                                                                    Pages H4405–06 
Crowley amendment (No. 3 printed in H. Rept. 
114–155) that allows the Director of National Intel-ligence to provide grants to Hispanic-serving institu-tions of higher education for the purpose of offering advanced foreign language programs deemed in the immediate interest of the intelligence community and for study abroad and cultural immersion pro-grams;
                                                                      Pages H4406–07 
Keating amendment (No. 4 printed in H. Rept. 
114–155) that requires a report on intelligence shar-ing with members of the EU and NATO regarding the travel of foreign fighters to and from Iraq and Syria and an analysis of the challenges impeding co-ordinated intelligence efforts;
                      Pages H4407–08 
Keating amendment (No. 5 printed in H. Rept. 
114–155) that restores reporting requirement on the progress of the Federal Bureau of Investigation in implementing information-sharing principles; 
                                                                                            Page H4408 
Rooney (FL) amendment (No. 7 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–155) that requires a report detailing the Intelligence Community’s utilization of the National Science Foundation’s CyberCorps Scholarship for Service program;
                                                Pages H4409–10 
Moulton amendment (No. 8 printed in H. Rept. 
114–155) that requires a report and briefing regard-ing the impacts on the intelligence community (IC) of the recently disclosed cyber breach at OPM; 
                                                                                    Pages H4410–11 
Turner amendment (No. 9 printed in H. Rept. 
114–155) that requires the Director of National In-telligence to submit a report to Congress on the funding of political parties and NGOs in former So-viet states by the Russian Federation and the secu-rity and intelligence services of the Russian Federa-tion;
                                                                          Pages H4411–12 
Farr amendment (No. 10 printed in H. Rept. 
114–155) that requires the Office of the Director of National Intelligence to submit a report on contin-uous evaluation of security clearance;
              Page H4412 
Sinema amendment (No. 11 printed in H. Rept. 
114–155) that expresses the sense of Congress that the Intelligence Community should dedicate nec-essary resources to defeating the revenue mechanisms of the Islamic State; directs the Director of National Intelligence to submit a report on the strategy ef-forts;
                                                                         Pages H4412–13 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JN5.REC D16JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D713 June 16, 2015 
Crowley amendment (No. 12 printed in H. Rept. 
114–155) that requires a report from the Director of National Intelligence on possibilities for growing na-tional security cooperation between the United States, Israel, and India;
                                 Pages H4413–14 
Wilson (SC) amendment (No. 13 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–155) that directs the Director of National Intelligence to study how we measure cyber attacks and report to the relevant committees in both a clas-sified and unclassified format;
                     Pages H4414–15 
Poe (TX) amendment (No. 14 printed in H. Rept. 
114–155) that requires the Director of National In-telligence to report to Congress on the nexus be-tween terrorist groups and wildlife trafficking, how wildlife trafficking impacts U.S. national security, and key actors and facilitators of wildlife trafficking; 
                                                                                    Pages H4415–16 
Poe (TX) amendment (No. 15 printed in H. Rept. 
114–155) that requires the Director of National In-telligence to submit a report that represents the co-ordinated assessment of the intelligence community on how terrorists and terrorist organizations are using social media; and
                                  Pages H4416–17 
Poe (TX) amendment (No. 16 printed in H. Rept. 
114–155) that requires the Director of National In-telligence to submit to Congress a strategy to defeat ISIL and al-Qaeda.
                                            Pages H4417–18 
Rejected: 
Schiff amendment (No. 6 printed in H. Rept. 
114–155) that sought to strike four sections of the bill which add new restrictions to prevent the Ad-ministration from closing the Guantanamo Bay De-tention Camp (by a recorded vote of 176 ayes to 246 noes, Roll No. 367).
                    Pages H4408–09, H4418–19 
Agreed that the Clerk be authorized to make 
technical and conforming changes to reflect the ac-tions of the House.
                                                   Page H4421 
H. Res. 315, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bill (H.R. 2596) was agreed to by a yea-and- nay vote of 236 ayes to 189 noes, Roll No. 366, after the previous question was ordered. 
                                                                                    Pages H4389–95 
Recess: The House recessed at 4:02 p.m. and recon-
vened at 5 p.m.                                                           Page H4418 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the 
President wherein he transmitted the text of a pro-posed Agreement for Cooperation between the Gov-ernment of the United States of America and the Government of the Republic of Korea Concerning Peaceful Uses of Nuclear Energy, as well as his writ-ten approval, authorization, and determination con-cerning the Agreement, and an unclassified Nuclear Proliferation Assessment Statement concerning the Agreement—referred to the Committee on Foreign 
Affairs and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 114–43). 
                                                                                    Pages H4395–96 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page 4389. 
Senate Referral: S. 565 was referred to the Com-
mittee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
                                                                                            Page H4430 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote and 
three recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H4395, H4418–19, H4420–21, and H4421. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 7:28 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Appropriations: Full Committee held a 
markup on the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill for FY 2016. The Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Bill for FY 2016 was ordered reported, as amended. 
CHILD NUTRITION ASSISTANCE: ARE 
FEDERAL RULES AND REGULATIONS SERVING THE BEST INTERESTS OF SCHOOLS AND FAMILIES? 
Committee on Education and the Workforce: Full Com-
mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Child Nutrition As-sistance: Are Federal Rules and Regulations Serving the Best Interests of Schools and Families?’’. Testi-mony was heard from Tom Vilsack, Secretary, De-partment of Agriculture. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURE 
Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-
committee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pen-sions held a hearing on H.R. 511, the ‘‘Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act of 2015’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURE 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining H.R. 2646, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act’’. Testimony was heard from Creigh Deeds, Sen-ator, State of Virginia; former Representative Patrick J. Kennedy; and public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JN5.REC D16JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D714 June 16, 2015 
EPA’S PROPOSED OZONE RULE: 
POTENTIAL IMPACTS ON MANUFACTURING 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Energy and Power; and Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade, held a joint hearing enti-tled ‘‘EPA’s Proposed Ozone Rule: Potential Impacts on Manufacturing’’. Testimony was heard from pub-lic witnesses. 
PROGRESS TOWARD A NATIONWIDE 
PUBLIC SAFETY BROADBAND NETWORK 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Communications and Technology held a hearing en-titled ‘‘Progress Toward a Nationwide Public Safety Broadband Network’’. Testimony was heard from T.J. Kennedy, Acting Executive Director, First Re-sponder Network Authority; and Stu Davis, State Chief Information Officer, Assistant Director, Ohio Department of Administrative Services. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Full Committee 
began a markup on H.R. 805, the ‘‘Domain Open-ness Through Continued Oversight Matters Act of 2015’’. 
A GLOBAL PERSPECTIVE ON CYBER 
THREATS 
Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘A Global Perspective on Cyber Threats’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
LEGISLATIVE PROPOSALS TO MODERNIZE 
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT COMPANIES AND EXPAND INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES 
Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Cap-
ital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises held a hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Proposals to Modernize Business Development Companies and Expand Investment Opportunities’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
ADVANCING UNITED STATES’ INTERESTS 
AT THE UNITED NATIONS 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Advancing United States’ Interests at the United Nations’’. Testimony was heard from Samantha Power, Permanent Representative, United States Mission to the United Nations, Department of State. REVIEWING THE ADMINISTRATION’S FY 
2016 BUDGET REQUEST FOR EUROPE AND EURASIA 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Eu-
rope, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats held a hearing entitled ‘‘Reviewing the Administration’s FY 2016 Budget Request for Europe and Eurasia’’. Testimony was heard from Alina Romanowski, Coordinator of U.S. Assistance to Europe and Eurasia, Bureau of Eu-ropean and Eurasian Affairs, Department of State; Daniel Rosenblum, Deputy Assistant Secretary for Central Asia, Bureau of South and Central Asian Af-fairs, Department of State; Jonathan Stivers, Assist-
ant Administrator, Bureau for Asia, U.S. Agency for International Development; and Susan Fritz, Acting Assistant Administrator, Europe and Eurasia Bureau, U.S. Agency for International Development. 
HOW TSA CAN IMPROVE AVIATION 
WORKER VETTING 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on 
Transportation Security held a hearing entitled ‘‘How TSA Can Improve Aviation Worker Vetting’’. Testimony was heard from John Roth, Inspector General, Department of Homeland Security; Stacey Fitzmaurice, Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of Intelligence and Analysis, Transportation Security Administration, Department of Homeland Security; and Jennifer Grover, Director, Transportation Secu-rity and Coast Guard Issues, Homeland Security and Justice Team, Government Accountability Office. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on 
Transportation Security held a markup on H.R. 2750, the ‘‘Improved Security Vetting for Aviation Workers Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2770, the ‘‘Keep-ing Our Travelers Safe and Secure Act’’. H.R. 2750 was ordered reported to the full committee, as amended. H.R. 2770 was ordered reported to the full committee, without amendment. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURE 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Regu-
latory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law held a hearing on H.R. 2745, the ‘‘Standard Merger and Acquisition Reviews Through Equal Rules Act of 2015’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURES 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Fed-
eral Lands held a hearing on H.R. 482, the ‘‘Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park Boundary Revision Act of 2015’’; H.R. 496, the ‘‘Alabama Hills National Scenic Area Establishment Act’’; H.R. 959, the ‘‘Medgar Evers House Study Act’’; H.R. 1138, the ‘‘Sawtooth National Recreation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JN5.REC D16JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D715 June 16, 2015 
Area and Jerry Peak Wilderness Additions Act’’; 
H.R. 1554, the ‘‘Elkhorn Ranch and White River National Forest Conveyance Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2223, the ‘‘Crags, Colorado Land Exchange Act of 2015’’. Testimony was heard from Representatives Bishop of Georgia; Austin Scott of Georgia; Simp-son; and Thompson of Mississippi; Leslie Weldon, Deputy Chief, Forest Service; Karen E. Mouritsen, Deputy Assistant Director, Energy, Minerals, and Realty Management, Bureau of Land Management; and a public witness. 
ARCTIC RESOURCES AND AMERICAN 
COMPETITIVENESS 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on En-
ergy and Mineral Resources held a hearing entitled ‘‘Arctic Resources and American Competitiveness’’. Testimony was heard from Brian Salerno, Director, Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement, Department of the Interior; and public witnesses. 
OPM: DATA BREACH 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full 
Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘OPM: Data Breach’’. Testimony was heard from the following Office of Personnel Management officials: Katherine Archuleta, Director; Donna K. Seymour, Chief Infor-mation Officer; and Michael R. Esser, Assistant In-spector General for Audits, Office of Inspector Gen-eral; Andy Ozment, Assistant Secretary, Office of Cybersecurity and Communications, National Pro-gram Preparedness Directorate, Department of Homeland Security; Tony Scott, U.S. Chief Informa-tion Officer, Office of E-Government and Informa-tion Technology, Office of Management and Budget; and Sylvia Burns, Chief Information Officer, Depart-ment of the Interior. 
FAIR COMPETITION IN INTERNATIONAL 
SHIPPING 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-
committee on Government Operations held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Fair Competition in International Ship-ping’’. Testimony was heard from Robert Taub, Act-ing Chairman, Postal Regulatory Commission; Rob-ert Faucher, Acting Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bu-reau of International Organization Affairs, Depart-ment of State; Randy Miskanic, Acting Chief Infor-mation Officer and Executive Vice President, United States Postal Service; David Williams, Inspector General, United States Postal Service; and public witnesses. PROTECT MEDICAL INNOVATION ACT OF 
2015; PROTECTING SENIORS’ ACCESS TO MEDICARE ACT OF 2015 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee concluded a hear-
ing on H.R. 160, the ‘‘Protect Medical Innovation Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 1190, the ‘‘Protecting Sen-iors’ Access to Medicare Act of 2015’’. The com-mittee granted, by record vote of 7–3, a closed rule for H.R. 160. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill, modified by the amendment printed in part A of the Rules Com-mittee report, shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. The rule also granted a closed rule for H.R. 1190. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided among and controlled by the chairs and ranking minority members of the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Energy and Commerce. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment printed in part B of the Rules Committee report shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall 
be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. 
THE SCIENCE AND ETHICS OF 
GENETICALLY ENGINEERED HUMAN DNA 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-
committee on Research and Technology held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘The Science and Ethics of Genetically Engineered Human DNA’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
SAVING TAXPAYER DOLLARS IN FEDERAL 
REAL ESTATE: REDUCING THE GOVERNMENT’S SPACE FOOTPRINT 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-
committee on Economic Development, Public Build-ings, and Emergency Management held a hearing en-titled ‘‘Saving Taxpayer Dollars in Federal Real Es-tate: Reducing the Government’s Space Footprint’’. Testimony was heard from Representative Denham; David Mader, Controller, Office of Management and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JN5.REC D16JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D716 June 16, 2015 
Budget; David J. Wise, Director, Physical Infrastruc-
ture Team, Government Accountability Office; Nor-man Dong, Commissioner, Public Buildings Service, General Services Administration; and a public wit-ness. 
WESTERN HEMISPHERE DRUG 
INTERDICTION EFFORTS 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-
committee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transpor-tation held a hearing entitled ‘‘Western Hemisphere Drug Interdiction Efforts’’. Testimony was heard from Vice Admiral Charles D. Michel, Deputy Com-mandant for Operations, Coast Guard; and Rear Ad-miral Karl L. Schultz, Director of Operations, United States Southern Command. 
SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION’S 
MANAGEMENT OF EARNINGS REPORTS FROM DISABILITY BENEFICIARIES TRYING TO GO BACK TO WORK 
Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on So-
cial Security held a hearing on the Social Security Administration’s (SSA) management of earnings re-ports from disability beneficiaries trying to go back to work. Testimony was heard from David A. Wea-ver, Associate Commissioner, Office of Research, Demonstration and Employment Support, Social Se-curity Administration; and Daniel Bertoni, Director, Education, Workforce, and Income Security, Govern-ment Accountability Office. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
JUNE 17, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on the Budget: to hold hearings to examine 
CBO’s analysis of the Federal government’s deepening fis-cal challenges, 10 a.m., SD–608. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-
committee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, In-surance, and Data Security, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Consumer Product Safety Commission, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold an 
oversight hearing to examine the Environmental Protec-tion Agency’s final rule to regulate disposal of coal com-bustion residuals from electric utilities, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-
ine the nomination of Gayle Smith, of Ohio, to be Ad-
ministrator of the United States Agency for International Development, 2 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to 
hold hearings to examine reauthorizing the Higher Edu-cation Act, focusing on evaluating accreditation’s role in ensuring quality, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
to hold hearings to examine governing through goal set-ting, focusing on enhancing the economic and national security of America, 9:30 a.m., SD–342. 
Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nom-
ination of Carol Ochoa, of Virginia, to be Inspector Gen-eral, General Services Administration, 2 p.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Indian Affairs: to hold an oversight hear-
ing to examine accessing capital in Indian Country, 2:15 p.m., SD–638. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, markup on 
H.R. 2647, the ‘‘Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2620, to amend the United States Cotton Fu-tures Act to exclude certain cotton futures contracts from coverage under such Act, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Appropriations , Subcommittee on Labor, 
Health and Human Services, and Education, markup on 
the Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education Appropriations Bill, FY 2016, 9 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. 
Full Committee, markup on the Financial Services and 
General Government Appropriations Bill for FY 2016, 11 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
Committee on Armed Services , Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘U.S. Policy and Strategy in the Middle East’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Capacity of U.S. Navy to Project Power with Large Surface Combatants’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
Committee on the Budget , Full Committee, hearing enti-
tled ‘‘Why Congress Must Balance the Budget’’, 10 a.m., 210 Cannon. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce , Subcommittee 
on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions, hearing en-titled ‘‘Restricting Access to Financial Advice: Evaluating the Costs and Consequences for Working Families and Retirees’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce , Full Committee, 
markup on H.R. 805, the ‘‘Domain Openness Through Continued Oversight Matters Act of 2015’’ (continued), 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services , Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘The Annual Report of the Financial Stability Oversight Council’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade, hearing 
entitled ‘‘The Impact of the International Monetary Fund: Economic Stability or Moral Hazard?’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs , Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Assad’s Abhorrent Chemical Weapons Attacks’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled 
‘‘China’s Rise: The Strategic Impact of Its Economic and Military Growth’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JN5.REC D16JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D717 June 16, 2015 
Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, 
hearing entitled ‘‘The Iran, North Korea, and Syria Non-proliferation Act: State Department’s Non-Compliance’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global 
Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Human Rights Abuses by Vietnamese Authori-ties’’, 2 p.m., 2255 Rayburn. 
Committee on House Administration , Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘The State of the Smithsonian’’, 10:30 a.m., 1310 Longworth. 
Committee on the Judiciary , Full Committee, markup on 
H.R. 2315, the ‘‘Mobile Workforce State Income Tax Simplification Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1643, the ‘‘Digital Goods and Services Tax Fairness Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2584, the ‘‘Business Activity Tax Simplification Act of 
2015’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources , Subcommittee on Indian, 
Insular and Alaska Native Affairs, hearing on H.R. 1157, the ‘‘Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Mission Indians Land Transfer Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2386, the ‘‘Unrecognized Southeast Alaska Native Communities Recognition and Compensation Act’’; and H.R. 2538, the ‘‘Lytton Rancheria Homelands Act of 2015’’, 11 a.m., 1324 Long-worth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Drones: The Next Generation of Commerce?’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on National Security; and Subcommittee 
on Health Care, Benefits, and Administrative Rules, joint hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of the President’s Executive Actions on Immigration’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology , Subcommittee 
on Energy, hearing entitled ‘‘Department of Energy Over-sight: Energy Innovation Hubs’’, 10:30 a.m., 2318 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Small Business , Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Crude Intentions: The Untold Story of the Ban, the Oil Industry, and America’s Small Businesses’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Ways and Means , Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Long-Term Financing of the Highway Trust Fund’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: to hold hearings to examine 
the economic exposure of Federal credit programs, 10 a.m., SH–216. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JN5.REC D16JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD718 June 16, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Wednesday, June 17 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond one hour), Senate will continue consideration of H.R. 1735, National De-fense Authorization Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Wednesday, June 17 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H. Con. Res. 
55—Directing the President, pursuant to section 5(c) of the War Powers Resolution, to remove United States Armed Forces deployed to Iraq or Syria on or after Au-gust 7, 2014. Consideration of H.R. 160—Protect Med-ical Innovation Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule) and H.R. 1190—Protecting Seniors’ Access to Medicare Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue. 
HOUSE 
Barletta, Lou, Pa., E903 
Barr, Andy, Ky., E908 Blum, Rod, Iowa, E904, E908, E911 Bost, Mike, Ill., E908 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E903 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E904 Clarke, Yvette D., N.Y., E911 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E910 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E910 Dold, Robert J., Ill., E908 Duckworth, Tammy, Ill., E906 Duncan, John J., Jr., Tenn., E906 
Grayson, Alan, Fla., E907 Hahn, Janice, Calif., E908 Hanna, Richard L., N.Y., E907 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E903 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E903 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E904, E909 Kelly, Robin L., Ill., E905 Lamborn, Doug, Colo., E904 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E909 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E903, E904, E906 McNerney, Jerry, Calif., E907 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E903 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, 
E905 
Reed, Tom, N.Y., E911 Roskam, Peter J., Ill., E905, E911 Roybal-Allard, Lucille, Calif., E910 Smith, Adam, Wash., E910 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E909 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E906, E908, E911 Walters, Mimi, Calif., E907 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E906 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E903 Young, David, Iowa, E908, E911 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D16JN5.REC D16JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST