Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1637 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MARCH 16, 2015 No. 44 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
March 16, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable T OM 
EMMER to act as Speaker pro tempore on this 
day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. 
f 
CHRISTIAN PERSECUTION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ) for 5 minutes. 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to discuss the sobering but extremely consequential topic of Christian persecution. 
Last week, I had the honor of visiting 
with more than 100 parishioners of St. Alphonsus Liguori Catholic Church in Zionsville, Indiana, including many in-terested high school students who shared with me their passionate con-cerns about the senseless persecution of their Christian brethren. Through the church’s Social Action 
Committee, they wanted to know how a small, faithful community could make a difference in bringing attention to this commonly overlooked matter. However, they wondered if their cries for mercy were falling on deaf ears in Washington. They felt helpless in bringing to light the barbarity, tor-ture, and living conditions that Chris-tians in places like Iran endure. 
The parishioners at St. Alphonsus 
felt that too often horrendous mas-sacres are met with isolationism and arguments that it is not America’s job to promote human rights beyond our shores. 
Today I want to let the people of St. 
Alphonsus and all those who seek to give a voice to the silenced victims of religious persecution know I hear you, and others in Washington, D.C., do as well. 
I believe that America must re-
assume its leadership role in protecting those most destitute and downtrodden, that American leadership in the world should advance not only our national interests but also the interests of those who yearn for freedom across the globe, that Christians who have to shield their faith for fear of crucifixion or beheading have an ally in America, an ally who will fight for the dignity of all mankind. 
Incidents of persecution of Christians 
more than doubled in 2014 alone. I wish I could say I was surprised by this in-crease, but I am not. I think this is part of the larger trend around the globe. 
The world we live in is remarkably 
unstable right now. People lack secu-rity. Too many regions of our world are fending off the rise of groups that espouse extremely radical ideologies, groups that hate this Nation, groups that often hate all other religions, groups that feed off of destruction and poverty, groups that value violence over peace, groups that are clearly not a true or worthy representation of the 
religions they claim as their own. 
The parishioners at St. Alphonsus 
Church asked me: What can we do? 
I told them America first needs a 
smart and decisive plan because the threat Christians face is significant, and it is not going away. 
The United States must work with 
free nations across the globe to reaf-firm a simple but important message: human rights are not negotiable. Coun-tries don’t get to pick and choose which rights they allow and which ones they deny. We also need to work more locally to raise awareness of the spe-cific issue of Christian persecution. There must be a strong grassroots ele-ment to this effort. 
Each month, approximately 180 
Christians are killed across the globe because of their faith. That is a star-tling number. In America, a country where it is so easy to take our free-doms for granted, it is easy not to no-tice the pain and suffering of others, but we must. And I know we are a truly generous and kind people. 
When Japanese communities were 
torn apart by a massive tsunami in 2009, Americans mobilized to donate more than $700 million in charitable re-lief. 
Americans always answer the call 
when people are suffering. Well, today there is clearly a tsunami of hatred sweeping parts of the world, and there are people who need our help. So churches and other groups with a con-cern for their fellow Christians and all global citizens need to take a stand. 
Like those at St. Alphonsus have, 
Christians and people of all faiths across this Nation need to reach out to their elected officials and let them know of the tragic persecution of Christians and that it deserves atten-tion, that religious freedom is a value we must defend and promote. Only then will everyone in this body know what was foretold in Matthew, that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:41 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H16MR5.REC H16MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1638 March 16, 2015 
blessed are those who are persecuted 
because of righteousness, for theirs is the kingdom of Heaven. Let us now work to bring that kingdom of Heaven closer to Earth. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 6 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1400 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
ENHAM ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Gracious God, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. In this Chamber where the people’s House gathers, we pause to offer You gratitude for the gift of this good land on which we live and for this great Nation which You have inspired in developing over so many years. Continue to inspire the American people that, through the dif-ficulties of these days, we might keep liberty and justice alive in our Nation and in the world. 
A week after many Members of this 
assembly traveled to Selma to remem-ber historic and heroic actions 50 years ago, may the House be energized to guarantee the very rights so many suf-fered to obtain back then and which still elude so many of their American descendants today. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K ILDEE ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. KILDEE led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANOTHER OBAMACARE DEBACLE 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, last month, 
the Obama administration admitted that it sent inaccurate tax forms to 820,000 Americans who receive health insurance through ObamaCare. Individ-uals who received subsidies must fill out the 1095–A form to document what they have received for the past year. 
The government is advising people 
not to file their tax returns until they have the correct forms, but just last week Kevin Counihan, the man respon-sible and accountable for leading healthcare.gov, declined to say when ObamaCare participants will get the correct tax forms and if all of the new forms have been created. 
Since its implementation, the Presi-
dent’s health care law has proved to be a hindrance, not a help, to the health care market. This debacle is yet an-other example of why we must con-tinue to work towards repealing this ill-conceived law and replacing it with policies that empower patients and promote access to affordable health care options. 
f 
JOBS 
(Mr. KILDEE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILDEE. Well, Mr. Speaker, I 
just got back from spending a week at home in Michigan talking with the people that I work for and meeting with small business owners. I heard a lot of frustration—frustration about the priorities of the Republican leader-ship in the House and of Congress in general. 
Instead of legislation to create jobs 
here in America to make it easier for hardworking families to buy their own home, to afford to send their kids to school, and to save for retirement, this Congress has bounced from one manu-factured political crisis to the next and has not taken on the big challenges that the people sent us here to take on. 
Let’s put away this dysfunction and 
this paralysis. Let’s get back to the work of the American people. 
As we now are set to consider our Na-
tion’s budget, let’s make sure that the priorities of the American people— good paying jobs, affordable college, homeownership, and the ability to save for a decent retirement—that those priorities are the priorities that we in-clude in this important budget docu-ment. This is what the American peo-ple expect of us, and this is what we should take on. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, March 16, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Wash-
ington, DC. 
DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on March 16, 2015 at 10:38 a.m.: 
That the Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 7. With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
R
OBERT F. R EEVES , 
Deputy Clerk. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 5 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1530 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee) at 
3 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
f 
IMPROVING REGULATORY TRANS-
PARENCY FOR NEW MEDICAL THERAPIES ACT 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 639) to amend the Controlled Sub-stances Act with respect to drug sched-uling recommendations by the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, and with respect to registration of manufacturers and distributors seeking to conduct clinical testing, as amend-ed. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 639 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Improving 
Regulatory Transparency for New Medical Therapies Act’’. 
SEC. 2. SCHEDULING OF SUBSTANCES INCLUDED 
IN NEW FDA-APPROVED DRUGS. 
(a) E FFECTIVE DATE OF APPROVAL .— 
(1) E FFECTIVE DATE OF DRUG APPROVAL .— 
Section 505 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:41 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H16MR5.REC H16MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1639 March 16, 2015 
‘‘(x) D ATE OF APPROVAL IN THE CASE OF  
RECOMMENDED CONTROLS UNDER THE CSA.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In the case of an applica-
tion under subsection (b) with respect to a drug for which the Secretary provides notice to the sponsor that the Secretary intends to recommend controls under the Controlled Substances Act, approval of such application shall not take effect until the interim final rule controlling the drug is issued in accord-ance with section 201(j) of the Controlled Substances Act. 
‘‘(2) D
ATE OF APPROVAL .—For purposes of 
this section, with respect to an application described in paragraph (1), the term ‘date of approval’ shall mean the later of— 
‘‘(A) the date an application under sub-
section (b) is approved under subsection (c); or 
‘‘(B) the date of issuance of the interim 
final rule controlling the drug.’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE OF APPROVAL OF BIO -
LOGICAL PRODUCTS .—Section 351 of the Public 
Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(n) D
ATE OF APPROVAL IN THE CASE OF  
RECOMMENDED CONTROLS UNDER THE CSA.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In the case of an applica-
tion under subsection (a) with respect to a biological product for which the Secretary provides notice to the sponsor that the Sec-retary intends to recommend controls under the Controlled Substances Act, approval of such application shall not take effect until the interim final rule controlling the bio-logical product is issued in accordance with section 201(j) of the Controlled Substances Act. 
‘‘(2) D
ATE OF APPROVAL .—For purposes of 
this section, with respect to an application described in paragraph (1), references to the date of approval of such application, or li-
censure of the product subject to such appli-cation, shall mean the later of— 
‘‘(A) the date an application is approved 
under subsection (a); or 
‘‘(B) the date of issuance of the interim 
final rule controlling the biological prod-uct.’’. 
(3) E
FFECTIVE DATE OF APPROVAL OF ANIMAL  
DRUGS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Section 512 of the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360b) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(q) D
ATE OF APPROVAL IN THE CASE OF  
RECOMMENDED CONTROLS UNDER THE CSA.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In the case of an applica-
tion under subsection (b) with respect to a drug for which the Secretary provides notice to the sponsor that the Secretary intends to recommend controls under the Controlled Substances Act, approval of such application shall not take effect until the interim final rule controlling the drug is issued in accord-ance with section 201(j) of the Controlled Substances Act. 
‘‘(2) D
ATE OF APPROVAL .—For purposes of 
this section, with respect to an application described in paragraph (1), the term ‘date of approval’ shall mean the later of— 
‘‘(A) the date an application under sub-
section (b) is approved under subsection (c); or 
‘‘(B) the date of issuance of the interim 
final rule controlling the drug.’’. 
(B) C
ONDITIONAL APPROVAL .—Section 571(d) 
of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360ccc(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(4)(A) In the case of an application under 
subsection (a) with respect to a drug for which the Secretary provides notice to the sponsor that the Secretary intends to rec-ommend controls under the Controlled Sub-stances Act, conditional approval of such ap-plication shall not take effect until the in-terim final rule controlling the drug is issued in accordance with section 201(j) of 
the Controlled Substances Act. 
‘‘(B) For purposes of this section, with re-
spect to an application described in subpara-graph (A), the term ‘date of approval’ shall mean the later of— 
‘‘(i) the date an application under sub-
section (a) is conditionally approved under subsection (b); or 
‘‘(ii) the date of issuance of the interim 
final rule controlling the drug.’’. 
(C) I
NDEXING OF LEGALLY MARKETED UNAP -
PROVED NEW ANIMAL DRUGS .—Section 572 of 
the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360ccc–1) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) In the case of a request under sub-
section (d) to add a drug to the index under subsection (a) with respect to a drug for which the Secretary provides notice to the person filing the request that the Secretary intends to recommend controls under the Controlled Substances Act, a determination to grant the request to add such drug to the index shall not take effect, and the Sec-retary shall not list the drug on such index, until the interim final rule controlling the drug is issued in accordance with section 201(j) of the Controlled Substances Act.’’. 
(4) D
ATE OF APPROVAL FOR DESIGNATED NEW  
ANIMAL DRUGS .—Section 573(c) of the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360ccc–2(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) For purposes of determining the 7-year 
period of exclusivity under paragraph (1) for a drug for which the Secretary intends to recommend controls under the Controlled Substances Act, the drug shall not be consid-ered approved or conditionally approved until the date that the interim final rule controlling the drug is issued in accordance with section 201(j) of the Controlled Sub-stances Act.’’. 
(b) S
CHEDULING OF NEWLY APPROVED  
DRUGS .—Section 201 of the Controlled Sub-
stances Act (21 U.S.C. 811) is amended by in-serting after subsection (i) the following: 
‘‘(j)(1) With respect to a drug referred to in 
subsection (f), if the Secretary of Health and Human Services recommends that the Attor-ney General add the drug to schedule II, III, IV, or V pursuant to subsections (a) and (b), the Attorney General shall, not later than 90 days after the date described in paragraph (2), issue an interim final rule controlling the drug in accordance with such subsections and section 202(b) using the procedures de-scribed in paragraph (3). 
‘‘(2) The date described in this paragraph 
shall be the later of— 
‘‘(A) the date on which the Attorney Gen-
eral receives the scientific and medical eval-uation and recommendations from the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services in ac-cordance with subsection (b); or 
‘‘(B) the date on which the Attorney Gen-
eral receives notification from the Secretary of Health and Human Services that the Sec-retary has approved an application under section 505(c), 512, 571, or 572 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act or section 351(a) of the Public Health Service Act with respect to the drug described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) A rule issued by the Attorney General 
under paragraph (1) shall be in accordance with the procedures provided in subsection (a), except that the rule shall become imme-diately effective as an interim final rule without requiring the Attorney General to demonstrate good cause therefor. After pub-lication of the interim final rule, the Attor-ney General shall issue a final rule in accord-ance with the procedures provided in sub-section (a).’’. 
(c) E
XTENSION OF PATENT TERM.—Section 
156 of title 35, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (d)(1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, or in the case of a drug product described in subsection (i) within the sixty-day period be-ginning on the covered date (as defined in subsection (i))’’ after ‘‘marketing or use’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(i)(1) For purposes of this section, if the 
Secretary of Health and Human Services pro-vides notice to the sponsor of an application or request for approval, conditional ap-proval, or indexing of a drug product for which the Secretary intends to recommend controls under the Controlled Substances Act, beginning on the covered date, the drug product shall be considered to— 
‘‘(A) have been approved under the rel-
evant provision of the Public Health Service Act or Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act; and 
‘‘(B) have permission for commercial mar-
keting or use. 
‘‘(2) In this subsection, the term ‘covered 
date’ means the later of— 
‘‘(A) the date an application is approved— ‘‘(i) under section 351(a)(2)(C) of the Public 
Health Service Act; or 
‘‘(ii) under section 505(b) or 512(c) of the 
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act; 
‘‘(B) the date an application is condi-
tionally approved under section 571(b) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act; 
‘‘(C) the date a request for indexing is 
granted under section 572(d) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act; or 
‘‘(D) the date of issuance of the interim 
final rule controlling the drug under section 201(j) of the Controlled Substances Act.’’. 
SEC. 3. ENHANCING NEW DRUG DEVELOPMENT. 
Section 303 of the Controlled Substances 
Act (21 U.S.C. 823) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(i)(1) For purposes of registration to man-
ufacture a controlled substance under sub-section (d) for use only in a clinical trial, the Attorney General shall register the appli-cant, or serve an order to show cause upon the applicant in accordance with section 304(c), not later than 180 days after the date on which the application is accepted for fil-ing. 
‘‘(2) For purposes of registration to manu-
facture a controlled substance under sub-section (a) for use only in a clinical trial, the Attorney General shall, in accordance with the regulations issued by the Attorney Gen-eral, issue a notice of application not later than 90 days after the application is accepted for filing. Not later than 90 days after the date on which the period for comment pursu-ant to such notice ends, the Attorney Gen-eral shall register the applicant, or serve an order to show cause upon the applicant in ac-cordance with section 304(c), unless the At-torney General has granted a hearing on the application under section 1008(i) of the Con-trolled Substances Import and Export Act.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ITTS) and the gen-
tleman from Texas (Mr. G ENEGREEN ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials into the R
ECORD on the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:41 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H16MR5.REC H16MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1640 March 16, 2015 
There was no objection. 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I will include an exchange of letters 
between the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 639 seeks to im-
prove the transparency and consist-ency of the Drug Enforcement Admin-istration’s first scheduling of new FDA-approved drugs under the Con-trolled Substances Act, the CSA, and, secondly, its registration process for the manufacture of controlled sub-stances for use in clinical trials. Ulti-mately, this will allow new and innova-tive treatments to get to patients who desperately need them. 
Due to the cost and uncertainty of 
the drug development process, there is broad agreement that a predictable timeline for approval decisions is a necessary component to successful drug development. 
Industry, the FDA, and Congress 
have taken steps to provide more transparency and consistency in the drug approval process through the ne-gotiation and authorization of the Pre-scription Drug User Fee program and a commitment to review goals embedded in the PDUFA agreements. 
However, drugs that contain sub-
stances that have not been previously marketed in the U.S. and that have abuse potential must also be scheduled under the Controlled Substances Act, the CSA, by the DEA before they can reach patients. 
Under the CSA, there is no deadline 
for the DEA to make a scheduling deci-sion, and the delays in DEA decisions have increased significantly. Between 1997 and 1999 and 2009 and 2013, the av-erage time between FDA approval and DEA’s final scheduling increased from an average of 49.3 days to an average of 237.6 days. Recently, a company had to wait over 13 months after FDA ap-proval to receive a final scheduling rec-ommendation from the DEA. 
The lack of predictability in the tim-
ing of DEA scheduling decisions leads to unnecessary uncertainty in the drug development process and needless delays in patient access to new thera-pies. 
Section 2 of H.R. 639, as amended by 
the full committee, would require DEA to issue an interim final rule, sched-uling the new drug no later than 90 days after it is approved or when it re-ceives the FDA’s scheduling rec-ommendation, whichever comes later. After receiving the FDA’s rec-ommendation, the DEA would continue to conduct its own analysis prior to scheduling the drug, but patients would now have peace of mind in know-ing this will no longer be an open- ended process. Of note: since 1996, the DEA has not made any scheduling deci-sion for a new drug that was contrary to the FDA recommendation. 
Further, section 3 of this bill would 
bring much-needed certainty to an-other open-ended DEA process. Manu-facturers of controlled substances are 
required to be registered with the DEA. The requirement to register extends to manufacturers of controlled substances intended to be used in clinical trials for products not yet approved by the FDA. There is no timetable for the DEA to grant approval of registration applica-tions, and there is not a process for the applicant to determine the reasons for delay in the application. The lack of transparency, predictability, and time-liness in the registration process leaves companies unable to properly plan clinical trial schedules for prospective new therapies. 
For registration applications related 
to schedule III, IV, and V drugs that will only be used in clinical trials, sec-tion 3, as amended by the full com-mittee, would require the DEA to reg-ister the applicant or serve an order to show cause on why the applicant shall not be registered within 180 days of the filing of the application. 
For drugs in schedule I and II that 
will only be used in a clinical trial, the DEA would be required to issue a no-tice of application not later than 90 days after an application is accepted for filing. Ninety days after the end of the comment period, pursuant to the notice, the DEA would be required to register the applicant or serve an order to show cause on why the registrant should not be registered. 
Such a solution does not force the 
DEA to make a particular decision but will provide transparency to the proc-ess so companies can better plan when regulatory decisions will be made. 
I would urge all Members to support 
this critical piece of legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , 
March 16, 2015. 
Hon. F REDUPTON , 
Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, 
Rayburn House Office Building, Wash-ington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN UPTON : I am writing with 
respect to H.R. 639, the ‘‘Improving Regu-latory Transparency for New Medical Thera-pies Act.’’ As a result of your having con-sulted with us on provisions in H.R. 639 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I agree to dis-charge our Committee from further consider-ation of this bill so that it may proceed expe-ditiously to the House floor for consider-ation. 
The Judiciary Committee takes this action 
with our mutual understanding that by fore-going consideration of H.R. 639 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion, and that our Committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, and asks that you support any such request. 
I would appreciate a response to this letter 
confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 639, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be in-cluded in the Congressional Record during 
Floor consideration of H.R. 639. 
Sincerely, 
B
OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , 
Washington, DC, March 16, 2015. 
Hon. B OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Ray-
burn House Office Building Washington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN GOODTETTE : Thank you for 
your letter regarding H.R. 639, the ‘‘Improv-ing Regulatory Transparency for New Med-ical Therapies Act.’’ As you noted, there are provisions of the bill that fall within the Committee on the Judiciary’s Rule X juris-diction. 
I appreciate your willingness to forgo ac-
tion on H.R. 639, and I agree that your deci-sion is not a waiver of any of the Committee on the Judiciary’s jurisdiction over the sub-ject matter contained in this or similar leg-islation, and that the Committee will be con-sulted appropriately and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward. In ad-dition, I understand the Committee reserves the right to seek the appointment of an ap-propriate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, for which you will have my sup-port. 
I will include a copy of your letter and this 
response in the Congressional Record during consideration of H.R. 639 on the House floor. 
Sincerely, 
F
REDUPTON , 
Chairman. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
639, the Improving Regulatory Trans-parency for New Medical Therapies Act. This legislation was introduced by the chair of our Health Subcommittee, J
OEPITTS of Pennsylvania; the ranking 
member of the full committee, F RANK  
PALLONE of New Jersey; and myself to 
provide a solution to delays experi-enced by patients in need. 
Currently, new drugs and substances 
that previously have not been mar-keted in the United States and that have abuse potential must be scheduled by the Drug Enforcement Administra-tion prior to being marketed. 
The amount of time the DEA has 
taken before acting on FDA rec-ommendations has significantly lengthened in recent years, which delays the availability of new thera-pies. 
This legislation will improve patient 
access by bringing clarity and trans-parency to the process of scheduling a new FDA-approved therapy. 
I was pleased to join the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ITTS) and the 
gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P AL-
LONE ) in supporting this legislation to 
continue the great work they started last Congress. I thank them and their staff for working on this important ac-cess issue. 
I want to acknowledge the leadership 
of Chairman U
PTON and the work of the 
committee’s minority and majority staff in advancing this bill through the Energy and Commerce Committee. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:41 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H16MR5.REC H16MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1641 March 16, 2015 
support this bipartisan bill and urge 
my colleagues to do the same. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I urge all 
Members to support this bipartisan leg-islation, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
submit the cost estimate prepared by the Con-gressional Budget Office for H.R. 639. 
U.S. C ONGRESS , 
CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , 
Washington, DC, March 16, 2015. 
Hon. F REDUPTON , 
Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The Congressional 
Budget Office has prepared the enclosed cost estimate for H.R. 639, the Improving Regu-latory Transparency for New Medical Thera-pies Act. 
If you wish further details on this esti-
mate, we will be pleased to provide them. The CBO staff contact is Julia Christensen. 
Sincerely, 
D
OUGLAS W. E LMENDORF . 
Enclosure. 
AS ORDERED REPORTED BY THE HOUSE COM -
MITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE ON FEB -
RUARY 12 , 2015 
H.R. 639 would modify the administrative 
procedures followed by the Department of Justice in regulating new drugs that are al-ready approved by the Food and Drug Ad-ministration (FDA) and in authorizing drugs to be used in clinical trials. The legislation would aim to streamline the current review and approval process. CBO estimates that implementing the bill would have no signifi-cant effect on spending subject to appropria-tion. Enacting the legislation would affect direct spending and revenues related to fed-eral health care costs; therefore, pay-as-you- go procedures apply. CBO estimates that that those effects would also not be signifi-cant over the 2015–2025 period. 
The legislation would change the effective 
date of FDA approval for certain new drugs that undergo review by the Drug Enforce-ment Agency (DEA) to determine if the drug should be marketed with restrictions as a controlled substance. Such a change could extend certain regulatory periods during which FDA will not accept marketing appli-cations or permit another manufacturer to market a version of an affected drug and could also result in the extension of patent terms for certain products. Extending such periods of marketing exclusivity could delay the entry of lower-priced generic drugs on the market, and such a delay would increase the average cost for prescription drugs. Any increase in health care costs resulting from delaying the market entry of generic drugs would affect direct spending and revenues by 
increasing the cost of prescription drugs for federal health programs and private health insurance. 
CBO expects that the bill’s provisions 
would apply to a limited number of drugs subject to DEA classification after enact-ment. Because most drugs generally retain patent protections after FDA approval for more than 10 years, CBO anticipates that the likelihood that drugs affected by the bill will face generic competition before 2025 under current law would be small. As a result, we estimate that enacting the bill would not significantly affect direct spending or reve-nues over the 2015–2025 period. Beyond 2025, however, the potential for the legislation to delay the market entry of generic drugs would be greater, and the effect on direct spending and revenues would increase in later years. H.R. 639 contains no intergovernmental 
mandates as defined in the Unfunded Man-dates Reform Act (UMRA) and would impose no costs on state, local, or tribal govern-ments. The bill would impose a private-sec-tor mandate, as defined under UMRA, on manufacturers of generic drugs by delaying the entry of those products in the market. The cost of the mandate would be the net loss of income, which could be significant de-pending on the drug. Based on information from industry sources, CBO estimates that the cost of the mandate would probably fall below the annual threshold established in UMRA for private-sector mandates ($154 mil-lion in 2015, adjusted annually for inflation). 
The CBO staff contacts for this estimate 
are Julia Christensen and Mark Grabowicz (for federal costs) and Amy Petz (for private sector costs). The estimate was approved by Theresa Gullo, Deputy Assistant Director for Budget Analysis. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased 
to lend my support to H.R. 639, the Improving Regulatory Transparency for New Medical Therapies Act. This important public health bill aims to bring better reliability and trans-parency to medical therapies, while continuing to ensure that they reach patients in need quickly, but most importantly safely and effec-tively. 
When a new drug is approved by the FDA, 
a company can begin marketing the product upon its approval. However, for a subset of drugs, FDA recommends to the DEA they be included in the Controlled Substance Act—or ‘‘scheduled,’’ if there is abuse potential. Until DEA makes a final decision, a drug cannot be 
released to the public. 
Unfortunately, there is no deadline for the 
DEA to make a decision. As a result, the proc-ess has lengthened over time, in some in-stances lasting years before a decision is made. So even if a drug is considered safe and effective, patients and physicians are being forced to wait to access these therapies. This bill would continue to allow DEA to con-duct its own analysis, but would remove much of the uncertainty from the process. It also would speed up the DEA registration process allowing the manufacture and distribution of controlled substances for use only in clinical trials. 
I want to thank Chairman P
ITTS for working 
with me on this bill last Congress, and com-mitting to move forward early this Congress. Thank you to Mr. G
REEN as well for joining us 
on this important bill. 
I am glad that we have been able to work 
with both DEA and FDA, our Senate counter-parts and the bill sponsors, to ensure that the goals of this bill is met. 
I urge members to support H.R 639 and I 
look forward to its swift passage. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ITTS) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 639, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
ACCESS TO LIFE-SAVING TRAUMA 
CARE FOR ALL AMERICANS ACT 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 647) to amend title XII of the 
Public Health Service Act to reauthor-ize certain trauma care programs, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 647 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Access to 
Life-Saving Trauma Care for All Americans Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REAUTHORIZATION OF TRAUMA AND 
EMERGENCY CARE PROGRAMS. 
(a) T RAUMA CENTER CAREGRANTS .—Section 
1245 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300d–45) is amended in the first sen-tence— 
(1) by striking ‘‘2009, and such’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘2009, such’’; and 
(2) by inserting before the period at the end 
the following: ‘‘, and $100,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020’’. 
(b) T
RAUMA SERVICE AVAILABILITY  
GRANTS .—Section 1282 of the Public Health 
Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300d–82) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
SEC. 3. ALIGNMENT OF PROGRAMS UNDER AS-
SISTANT SECRETARY FOR PRE-PAREDNESS AND RESPONSE. 
Section 2811(c)(2)(F) of the Public Health 
Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300hh–10(c)(2)(F)) is amended by striking ‘‘trauma care under parts A through C of title XII’’ and inserting ‘‘trauma care under parts A through D of title XII and part H of such title’’. 
SEC. 4. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS RELATING TO 
TRAUMA CENTER GRANTS. 
(a) C LARIFICATION ON ELIGIBLE TRAUMA  
CENTERS .—Section 1241(a) of the Public 
Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300d–41(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘qualified public, non-profit Indian Health Service, Indian tribal, and urban Indian trauma centers’’ and in-serting ‘‘qualified public trauma centers, qualified nonprofit trauma centers, and qualified Indian Health Service, Indian trib-al, and urban Indian trauma centers’’. 
(b) T
RAUMA CENTER GRANTS QUALIFICA -
TIONS FOR SUBSTANTIAL UNCOMPENSATED  
CARE COSTS.—Section 1241(b)(3)(B) of the 
Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300d– 41(b)(3)(B)) is amended— 
(1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘35’’ and in-
serting ‘‘30’’; and 
(2) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘50’’ and in-
serting ‘‘40’’. 
(c) C
LARIFICATION RELATING TO TRAUMA  
CENTER GRANTS .—The heading for part D of 
title XII of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300d–41 et seq.) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘PART D—TRAUMA CENTERS’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) and the gen-
tleman from Texas (Mr. G ENEGREEN ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas (Mr. B URGESS ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:41 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H16MR5.REC H16MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1642 March 16, 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that the 
House today will consider two bills re-lating to Federal support for trauma care. These bills have both passed the Energy and Commerce Committee at the subcommittee and full committee levels on voice votes. 
Trauma is the leading cause of death 
under the age of 65. It is expensive, costing over $400 billion per year, third only to heart disease and cancer. It af-fects individuals of all ages—35 million Americans annually, or one person every 15 minutes. 
Over many years, the gentleman 
from Texas (Mr. G
ENE GREEN ) and I 
have worked closely on this issue to update the law and ensure the reau-thorization of crucial trauma grant programs occurs. As a result of this co-ordination, today we will be voting on two bills that continue our long bipar-tisan record of support for efforts to shore up the Nation’s trauma systems and centers. 
The Access to Life-Saving Trauma 
Care for All Americans Act, H.R. 647, will authorize two grant programs, which will expire this year, that pro-vide critically needed Federal funding to help cover uncompensated costs in trauma centers, support core mission trauma services, provide emergency funding to trauma centers, and address trauma center physician shortages in order to ensure the future availability of trauma care for all our citizens. 
Trauma can happen at any time to 
anyone. It can happen to a family in a highway crash or a gunshot victim or a construction worker who is injured at the worksite. Trauma centers must be available for all victims of traumatic injury. Getting a trauma victim to a 
trauma center right away is the first step in saving that person’s life. 
These bills draw support from the 
American Association of Neurological Surgeons, the American Association of Orthopedic Surgeons, the American Burn Association, the American Col-lege of Emergency Physicians, the American College of Surgeons, the American Trauma Society, the Con-gress of Neurological Surgeons, the As-sociation of Critical Care Transport, the American Heart Association, the American Stroke Association, Emer-gency Nurses Association, Society of Trauma Nurses, the American Associa-tion for the Surgery of Trauma, East-ern Association for the Surgery of Trauma, National Association of Emer-gency Medical Technicians, the Ortho-pedic Trauma Association, and the Trauma Center Association of Amer-ica. 
I strongly urge the House to support 
both of these bills. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
647, the Access to Life-Saving Trauma Care for All Americans Act. My col-league and fellow Texan, Dr. M
IKEBUR-
GESS, and I have introduced this legis-
lation. I thank him for his leadership and partnership on this issue. 
The bill would reauthorize vital pro-
grams to prevent more trauma center closures and improve access to trauma care. 
The trauma center care grants were 
created to prevent trauma center clo-sures by supporting their core mis-sions, covering a portion of the losses from uncompensated care, and pro-viding emergency awards to centers at risk of closing. 
The trauma service availability 
grants are awarded through the States to address shortfalls in trauma services and improve access and availability of trauma care in underserved areas. 
b1545 
Despite our best prevention efforts, 
trauma injury will continue to occur. Unfortunately, access to trauma care is threatened by losses associated with the high cost of treating severely in-jured patients, including those unable to pay for their care, and a growing shortage of trauma-related physicians. 
The public expects that appropriate 
trauma care will always be available to them wherever they reside or travel, yet this is not a reality. Profound chal-lenges face our Nation’s trauma cen-ters, trauma systems, and the physi-cians who treat the most vulnerable patients. Thus, I urge swift passage of this important legislation. 
Again, I want to thank Representa-
tive B
URGESS for championing this ef-
fort with me, and his staff, J.P. Paluskiewicz, for their hard work. I also want to acknowledge the leader-ship of Chairman U
PTON , Chairman 
PITTS, Ranking Member P ALLONE and 
the work of the committee’s staff in advancing this bill through the Energy and Commerce Committee. 
I support this bipartisan bill. I urge 
my colleagues to do the same. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I would 
just point out the gentleman’s name is J.P. Paluskiewicz, and we do, indeed, thank him for his efforts on the bill. 
I have no more speakers, and I re-
serve the balance of my time to close. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, we have no more speakers. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I just 
want to point out many people now-adays are familiar with what is called the golden hour, that first hour that occurs after a traumatic injury where the ability to save life and limb is vast-ly increased if a person can be deliv-ered to a center within that golden hour’s time. It is imperative to reau-thorize these programs. They are criti-cally needed for our citizens. Mr. Speaker, I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
UR-
GESS) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 647. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
TRAUMA SYSTEMS AND REGION-
ALIZATION OF EMERGENCY CARE REAUTHORIZATION ACT 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 648) to amend title XII of the Public Health Service Act to reauthor-ize certain trauma care programs, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 648 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Trauma Sys-
tems and Regionalization of Emergency Care Reauthorization Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REAUTHORIZATION OF CERTAIN TRAUMA 
CARE PROGRAMS. 
Section 1232(a) of the Public Health Serv-
ice Act (42 U.S.C. 300d–32(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
SEC. 3. IMPROVEMENTS AND CLARIFICATIONS TO 
CERTAIN TRAUMA CARE PROGRAMS. 
(a) A LLOCATION OF FUNDS FOR COMPETITIVE  
GRANTS FOR REGIONALIZED SYSTEMS FOR  
EMERGENCY CARERESPONSE .—Section 1232(c) 
of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300d–31(c)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(3) for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2015, 
not more than 50 percent of such amounts re-maining for such fiscal year after applica-tion of paragraphs (1) and (2) shall be allo-cated for the purpose of carrying out section 1204.’’. 
(b) C
LARIFICATIONS UNDER TRAUMA SYS-
TEMS FORMULA GRANTS REQUIREMENTS RE-
LATING TO THE AMERICAN BURN ASSOCIA -
TION.—Section 1213 of the Public Health 
Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300d–13) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(3), by inserting ‘‘and 
(for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2015) con-tains national standards and requirements of the American Burn Association for the des-ignation of verified burn centers,’’ after ‘‘such entity,’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)(3)(A), by striking ‘‘and 
the American Academy of Pediatrics,’’ and inserting ‘‘the American Academy of Pediat-rics, and (for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2015) the American Burn Association,’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)(1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by inserting ‘‘and not later than 1 year 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:41 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H16MR5.REC H16MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1643 March 16, 2015 
after the date of the enactment of the Trau-
ma Systems and Regionalization of Emer-gency Care Reauthorization Act’’ after ‘‘Act of 2007’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and 
the American Academy of Pediatrics’’ and inserting ‘‘the American Academy of Pediat-rics, and (with respect to the update pursu-ant to the Trauma Systems and Regionaliza-tion of Emergency Care Reauthorization Act) the American Burn Association’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Part B of 
title XII of the Public Health Service Act is amended— 
(1) in section 1218(c)(2) (42 U.S.C. 300d– 
18(c)(2)), in the matter preceding subpara-graph (A), by striking ‘‘1232(b)(3)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 1232(b)’’; and 
(2) in section 1222 (42 U.S.C. 300d–22), by 
striking ‘‘October 1, 2008’’ and inserting ‘‘Oc-tober 1, 2017’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) and the gen-
tleman from Texas (Mr. G ENEGREEN ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas (Mr. B URGESS ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials into the R
ECORD on the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, the Trauma Systems 
and Regionalization of Emergency Care Reauthorization Act, H.R. 648, is iden-tical to H.R. 4080 that passed the House last year unanimously. This legislation has also passed both the subcommittee and the full committee. This support extends back to 1990 when the grant was created and authorized. 
This reauthorization allows funding 
for trauma systems development and the regionalization of emergency care. These programs are designed to im-prove patient outcomes, and they are designed to save lives and cut costs, ob-jectives where I believe there is bipar-tisan agreement. 
Trauma systems are organized efforts 
in a defined geographic area that de-liver the full range of care to injured patients. Many members of the sub-committee have trauma systems in their districts or ones nearby that are able to serve their constituents. 
Regionalizing emergency care allows 
States to coordinate their resources and helps first responders act faster, leading to lower costs and better out-comes. A study released last year found that patients living near a recently closed trauma facility were 20 percent more likely to die from their injuries. Two years after closure, the likelihood of death increased to 29 percent, em-phasizing the importance of these grants. 
This legislation is broadly supported 
by medicine, sharing the list of sup-porting organizations that I previously read on H.R. 647. It is bipartisan. I 
would stress it has gone through reg-ular order. 
I want to thank Chairman U
PTON and 
Chairman P ITTS, as well as Ranking 
Member P ALLONE and Ranking Member 
GREEN , for their help and support on 
this legislation. I want to thank the Energy and Commerce staff on both sides of the dais: Clay Alspach, Katie Novaria, as well as Hannah Green, and a special thanks to Adrianna Simonelli, who championed both of these bills as my legislative fellow and who is now working on the committee. 
Mr. G
REEN and I have worked on 
these issues literally for years, and I appreciate his continued partnership on this bill. I want to thank his staff, Kristen O’Neill. Finally, I do want to thank J.P. Paluskiewicz, who shep-herded this bill through the entire process. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
648, the Trauma Systems and Regional-ization of Emergency Care Reauthor-ization Act. I am proud to be the lead sponsor of this bill, along with my col-league, Dr. B
URGESS , and I want to 
thank him for his leadership and com-mitment to this issue. 
The bill reauthorizes the programs 
that provide grants to States for plan-ning, implementing, and developing trauma care systems and establishing pilot projects to design innovative models of emergency care systems. 
Ideally, trauma and emergency care 
systems respond quickly and effi-ciently to ensure that seriously injured individuals receive the care they need within the golden hour, the time period in which medical intervention is most effective at saving lives. However, un-intentional injury remains the leading cause of death for Americans ages 44 years and younger, and access to trau-ma centers is inconsistent throughout the country. In fact, 45 million Ameri-cans lack access to a trauma center within the first hour after injury. 
Emergency departments and trauma 
centers are overcrowded. The emer-gency care system is splintered, and surgical specialists are often unavail-able to patients when they need them. This legislation helps establish a sys-tem that saves lives and improves the functioning of our trauma care sys-tems. 
Again, I want to thank Representa-
tive B
URGESS for championing this ef-
fort with me and his staff for their ef-forts. I also want to acknowledge the leadership of Chairman U
PTON , Chair-
man P ITTS, Ranking Member P ALLONE , 
and the work of the committee’s staff in advancing this bill through the En-ergy and Commerce Committee. 
Mr. Speaker, I support this bipar-
tisan bill. I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
Mr. Speaker, I have no further speak-
ers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, let me 
just conclude by strongly urging all Members of the House to vote in favor of this legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
UR-
GESS) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 648. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
RESIGNATION AS MEMBER OF 
COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following resigna-tion as a member of the Committee on Small Business: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, March 16, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker, The Capitol, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR SPEAKER BOEHNER : I write today to 
resign from the House Small Business Com-mittee. While I appreciate the honor of being appointed, in order to best serve the con-stituent of Texas’ 23rd congressional district, I believe I must focus on my existing com-mittee assignments. 
With my background in the intelligence 
community, cybersecurity, and representing the district with the largest length of U.S.- Mexico Border, my ability to focus on my In-formation Technology Subcommittee Chair-manship and Border and Maritime Sub-committee Vice-Chairmanship is where I be-lieve I can be of most value to my constitu-ents and colleagues in the House. 
I appreciate your timely consideration of 
this request. 
Sincerely, 
W
ILLHURD, 
Member of Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the resignation is accepted. 
There was no objection. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4:30 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 3 o’clock and 55 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1630 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee) at 
4 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:41 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H16MR5.REC H16MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1644 March 16, 2015 
NOTICE OF OBSERVATION TREAT-
MENT AND IMPLICATION FOR CARE ELIGIBILITY ACT 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 876) to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require hospitals to provide certain notifica-tions to individuals classified by such hospitals under observation status rather than admitted as inpatients of such hospitals, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 876 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Notice of 
Observation Treatment and Implication for Care Eligibility Act’’ or the ‘‘NOTICE Act’’. 
SEC. 2. MEDICARE REQUIREMENT FOR HOSPITAL 
NOTIFICATIONS OF OBSERVATION STATUS. 
Section 1866(a)(1) of the Social Security 
Act (42 U.S.C. 1395cc(a)(1)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (V), by striking at the 
end ‘‘and’’; 
(2) in the first subparagraph (W), by strik-
ing at the end the period and inserting a comma; 
(3) in the second subparagraph (W)— (A) by redesignating such subparagraph as 
subparagraph (X); and 
(B) by striking at the end the period and 
inserting ‘‘, and’’; and 
(4) by inserting after such subparagraph 
(X) the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(Y) beginning 12 months after the date of 
the enactment of this subparagraph, in the case of a hospital or critical access hospital, with respect to each individual who receives observation services as an outpatient at such hospital or critical access hospital for more than 24 hours, to provide to such individual not later than 36 hours after the time such individual begins receiving such services (or, if sooner, upon release)— 
‘‘(i) such oral explanation of the written 
notification described in clause (ii), and such documentation of the provision of such ex-planation, as the Secretary determines to be appropriate; 
‘‘(ii) a written notification (as specified by 
the Secretary pursuant to rulemaking and containing such language as the Secretary prescribes consistent with this paragraph) which— 
‘‘(I) explains the status of the individual as 
an outpatient receiving observation services and not as an inpatient of the hospital or critical access hospital and the reasons for such status of such individual; 
‘‘(II) explains the implications of such sta-
tus on services furnished by the hospital or critical access hospital (including services furnished on an inpatient basis), such as im-plications for cost-sharing requirements under this title and for subsequent eligibility for coverage under this title for services fur-nished by a skilled nursing facility; 
‘‘(III) includes such additional information 
as the Secretary determines appropriate; 
‘‘(IV) either— ‘‘(aa) is signed by such individual or a per-
son acting on such individual’s behalf to ac-knowledge receipt of such notification; or 
‘‘(bb) if such individual or person refuses to 
provide the signature described in item (aa), is signed by the staff member of the hospital or critical access hospital who presented the written notification and includes the name and title of such staff member, a certifi-cation that the notification was presented, and the date and time the notification was 
presented; and 
‘‘(V) is written and formatted using plain 
language and is made available in appro-priate languages as determined by the Sec-retary.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN) and the gen-
tleman from Texas (Mr. D OGGETT ) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 876, currently under consider-ation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
this is commonsense legislation deal-ing with the Medicare program that is bipartisan that the Committee on Ways and Means marked up a couple of weeks ago. 
I want to just commend my col-
leagues Congressman Y
OUNG from Indi-
ana and Congressman D OGGETT from 
Texas for their work on this. 
This is common sense. This tells pa-
tients what the rules are so that they know what is going to happen when they are in the hospital, so they know what kind of billing they are going to have. 
I yield whatever time he may con-
sume to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ), the coauthor of this legis-
lation, for the purpose of describing this legislation. 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, 
I thank the chairman for taking up this important piece of legislation today. I also want to thank the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ) for 
his leadership on this issue. 
When seniors require a hospital stay, 
they are rightfully more concerned with their recovery than with under-standing how the hospital classifies their status as a patient; but when that classification can impact future cov-erage of health care services related to their recovery, they deserve to be made aware of the potential ramifications. 
This act, the NOTICE Act, would re-
quire hospitals to provide meaningful written and oral notification to pa-tients who are in the hospital under ob-servation for more than 24 hours. This notice would alert the beneficiary or person acting on their behalf of the Medicare patient’s admission status and the financial implications of that classification so he or she can advocate on their own behalf while in the hos-pital. 
No one should be caught off guard by 
a large medical bill just because they weren’t aware of the status codes or the billing procedures. In a time of sickness and stress, families should focus on the recovery of their loved 
ones instead of dealing with the hidden costs due to lack of notice. 
Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of the bill and yield myself such time as I might consume. 
The NOTICE Act, as the name sug-
gests, is about giving notice. In this case, it gives notice to patients when they are about to be billed personally, perhaps for many thousands of dollars, because they were characterized as under observation rather than regular inpatient status without them even knowing. 
I am pleased to have worked on this 
legislation since last summer with Mr. Y
OUNG when we originally filed the 
bill, and I am appreciative of Chairman R
YAN’s prompt consideration of it in 
our committee. 
This is a consumer protection bill de-
signed to provide at least limited pro-tection to health care consumers. Cur-rently, a hospital may either admit a patient as an inpatient or keep them under observation. This categorization might apply to heart murmur, irreg-ular heartbeat, indigestion, or other symptoms that would cause a senior or an individual with a disability who is covered by Medicare to go into the hos-pital. 
It probably makes little or no dif-
ference in the way the hospital treats the physical condition, but it can make a very big difference in terms of how the patient’s pocketbook is cared for. Indeed, the effect of being under obser-vation is that the patient gets stuck with the bill for any skilled nursing home care that is required for rehabili-tative services after the stay at the hospital. 
Medicare will pay for that needed 
care if a Medicare recipient patient is hospitalized for more than 3 days as an inpatient, but Medicare will not pay for skilled nursing home care if some-one is simply under observation. Since Medicare has paid nothing, there is also no gap to be covered by Medigap; and instead of being in a gap, folks like this are really left in just a giant black hole. A Medicare patient that is sucked into this hole will be billed for the en-tire cost of rehabilitation at the nurs-ing home, which can run into tens of thousands of dollars. 
This practice is happening more and 
more across America, though it is largely unknown to most people until they get caught up in it. In 2012, Medi-care patients had more than 600,000 ob-servation stays that lasted 3 days or more. According to one study, over a 6- year span, the number of stays under observation has increased by 88 per-cent. Many Medicare patients are being put under observation for a length of time that exceeds the guidelines that have been set by Medicare. 
Last year on the NBC Nightly News, 
Kate Snow profiled Ms. Kelley-Nelum, who discovered that this costly classi-fication had a big impact on her hos-pitalized husband. After repeated ques-tioning and demanding to know why 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:41 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H16MR5.REC H16MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1645 March 16, 2015 
her husband was under observation, she 
got the hospital to reclassify him. She later learned that had that not oc-curred, had she not been persistent in standing up for her ill husband, that 
they would have faced about $22,000 in out-of-pocket rehabilitation bills. 
Last year, with so many patients fac-
ing insurmountable out-of-pocket costs for skilled nursing care after unknow-ingly being placed under observation, The New York Times actually ran a piece that was designed to provide guidance to health care consumers about how to get out of this observa-tion category. The first step is know-ing you are in it, and this bill provides for that meaningful disclosure. 
This legislation is endorsed by 
AARP, by the Alliance for Retired Americans, the Center for Medicare Advocacy, the National Association of Professional Geriatric Care Managers, LeadingAge, American Health Care As-sociation, and the National Committee to Preserve Social Security and Medi-care. 
I include in the R
ECORD letters from 
two of those groups in support of the legislation. 
AARP, 
February 24, 2015. 
Hon. L LOYD DOGGETT , 
Rayburn Office Building, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. T
ODDYOUNG , 
Longworth Office Building, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE DOGGETT AND REP-
RESENTATIVE YOUNG : On behalf of the nearly 
38 million AARP members and the millions more Americans with Medicare, we are pleased to endorse the Notice of Observation Treatment and Implication for Care Eligi-bility (NOTICE) Act of 2015 (H.R. 876). Thank you for working together to address the growing problem of Medicare beneficiaries paying high out-of-pocket costs due to hos-pital stays in which they were classified as an outpatient, rather than being formally admitted as an inpatient. 
As you know, the use of ‘‘observation sta-
tus’’ has become more prevalent in recent years, and the duration of observation stays has grown longer. While there may be sev-eral reasons for these trends, it is clear that Medicare beneficiaries are spending more and more time in the hospital without being formally admitted. Admission as an inpa-tient activates Medicare Part A cost-sharing and a three-day stay requirement for skilled nursing facility (SNF) coverage; in contrast, observation status is billed under Part B, and can expose beneficiaries to unexpectedly high out-of-pocket costs amounting to thou-sands of dollars. 
Beneficiaries must be informed and made 
aware of how any changes to their status will affect them. This legislation would re-quire hospitals to provide meaningful writ-ten and oral notification to patients who are in the hospital ‘‘under observation’’ for more than 24 hours. While this does not solve all the problems regarding cost-sharing and ac-cess to SNF coverage, it is an important step to ensuring Medicare beneficiaries have ac-cess to information about their care. Clearly understanding their admission status will help patients, and their caregivers, better plan treatment options with their health care providers. 
Again, thank you for your continued work 
to protect Medicare beneficiaries. If you have any questions, please contact me, or have your staff contact Ariel Gonzalez, Di-
rector of Federal Health and Family. 
Sincerely, 
J
OYCE A. R OGERS , 
Senior Vice President, 
Government Affairs. 
AMERICAN HEALTH CAREASSOCIATION , 
Washington, DC, February 11, 2015. 
Hon. L LOYD DOGGETT , 
Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
C
ONGRESSMAN DOGGETT : I serve as the 
president and chief executive officer of AHCA/NCAL, the nation’s largest associa-tion of long term and post-acute care pro-viders. The association advocates for quality care and services for the frail, elderly, and individuals with disabilities. Our members provide essential care to millions of individ-uals in more than 12,000 not for profit and for profit member facilities. 
AHCA/NCAL, its affiliates, and member 
providers advocate for the continuing vital-ity of the long term care provider commu-nity. We are committed to developing and advocating for public policies that support quality care and quality of life for our na-tion’s most vulnerable. Therefore, we are in support of the legislation, Notice of Observa-tion Treatment and Implication for Care Eli-gibility (NOTICE) Act, that you and Con-gressman Todd Young (R–IN–9) have intro-duced again this Congress. 
The NOTICE Act requires hospitals to give 
formal notice to patients within a period of time after classifying them as an inpatient or as an outpatient under observation. More specifically, the legislation works to ensure that hospitals notify patients entitled to Medicare part A coverage of their outpatient status within 36 hours after the time of their classification or, if sooner, upon discharge. 
Often times, patients have no idea what 
their status is in a hospital or the impor-tance of it. This can lead to thousands of dol-lars in out-of-pocket medical expenses should they need skilled nursing center care following their hospital stay. The observa-tion stays issue is a financial burden on sen-iors and their families. It can cause unneces-sary spend-down, accelerating the time frame in which seniors will have to turn to programs such as Medicaid to pay for their care. 
This legislation is a positive step forward, 
and raises attention to a complex and crit-ical issue hurting the nation’s seniors. AHCA/NCAL applauds Congressmen Doggett and Young for serving as champions for sen-iors and those individuals who need our serv-ices the most. 
Sincerely, 
M
ARKPARKINSON , 
AHCA/NCAL President & CEO. 
Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I also 
appreciate the help we have received from the Center for Medicare Advo-cacy. They have had reports, again, from people all over the country being placed in this situation. 
The hospitals may act in the best in-
terests of a patient’s health but not al-ways in the best interest of the pa-tient’s pocketbook. The NOTICE Act will equip patients and their loved ones with the knowledge that they need to be effective advocates and avoid crip-pling financial repercussions. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
may I inquire of the gentleman from Texas if they have any other speakers? We are prepared to close. Mr. DOGGETT. I have one speaker on 
the way. If you are prepared to close and he is not arriving, then we will close. 
Do you have any other speakers? Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. I will just 
say a few things. I yield myself such time as I may consume, Mr. Speaker. 
This is basically common sense. 
What is happening is people on Medi-care are going to the hospital. They don’t know what their status is, wheth-er they are considered inpatient or out-patient. As far as they are concerned, it is the same thing. The problem is they are being declared one or the other, unbeknownst to them, and that has a huge difference in the billing that they receive. 
So what this bill simply says is you 
will know your status so that you can make an informed decision as a patient in a hospital, because there are huge fi-nancial implications to that status. This is very simple. It is good govern-ment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself 15 seconds and will welcome my colleague, J
OECOURTNEY , who has long 
sought to respond legislatively to pro-tect health care consumers from the fi-nancial pain of this observation status. 
While the passage of the NOTICE Act 
is an important step, Representative C
OURTNEY has an Improving Access to 
Medicare Coverage Act that would treat observation stays the same as in-patient stays. I support his legislation as he has supported, from the begin-ning, this initiative, and I appreciate his leadership. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the 
gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ). 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to, first of all, salute Congressman D
OGGETT for his effort in terms of 
bringing this legislation forward. As the chairman of the committee said, this is really about giving patients a fighting chance to challenge this cod-
ing, a change that happens while peo-ple are in the hospital and have abso-lutely no idea that they are not being treated as full part A inpatient pa-tients at hospital facilities. 
The impact of being coded as obser-
vation versus inpatient may sound ex-tremely arcane, but what that means is that at time of discharge, if a patient is medically prescribed to go to a nurs-ing home for rehab care for a broken bone or for home health services for a heart condition, they are not covered by Medicare if they are in the observa-tion bucket as opposed to the inpatient bucket. 
The inspector general’s office for 
Medicare issued a report in 2012 that 600,000 patients across the country with long-stay hospital visits over 3 days fell into this black hole, this no man’s land where, again, their doctors are telling them that they need to have rehab services so that people can walk again and deal with activities of daily living; but the price for doing that, be-cause you are in observation status, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:41 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H16MR5.REC H16MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1646 March 16, 2015 
can be tens of thousands of dollars, 
which is where long-term care facili-ties, nursing home coverage for pri-vate-pay patients, out-of-pocket pa-tients, exist today. 
This bill at least gives patients the 
opportunity to challenge that decision. But the fact of the matter is, what we need to do is to restore the 3-day rule, which is in statute. It has been there since 1965. Observation status is some-thing new within the last 10 years, and what we need to do as a Congress is to restore that 3-day rule, which says to a patient: If you are coded observation or if you are coded inpatient, it should not interfere with your medically pre-scribed course of treatment at the time that you are discharged from the hos-pital. 
That, unfortunately, is not going to 
be fixed as a result of this legislation. We should build on this legislation and again restore Medicare’s promise, which, again, from day one, has said that medically prescribed care will be covered by the system at time of dis-charge from a hospital for longer than 3 days. 
The horror stories of people who in 
some instances were in hospital for 9 days with broken bones, broken hips, who, again, are staring at a 10 to $15,000 fee to be admitted to a nursing home— again, 600,000 cases in 2012. 
So again, we need to build on this 
legislation, but fundamentally, we need to restore the 3-day rule which has been in statute since 1965. We will be introducing that legislation later this week. It will be a bipartisan bill. We think we can withstand the test of any pay-fors to make sure that it allows the Medicare system’s finances to stay in a stable condition. In the meantime, we should pass this legislation today. 
Again, I want to salute the Member 
from Texas for his leadership on this issue. 
b1645 
Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I concur 
with the gentleman from Connecticut. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. I agree, Mr. 
Speaker. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 876, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-
poned. 
f 
MEDICARE DMEPOS COMPETITIVE 
BIDDING IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 284) to amend title XVIII 
of the Social Security Act to require State licensure and bid surety bonds for entities submitting bids under the Medicare durable medical equipment, prosthetics, orthotics, and supplies (DMEPOS) competitive acquisition program, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 284 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Medicare 
DMEPOS Competitive Bidding Improvement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. REQUIRING BID SURETY BONDS AND 
STATE LICENSURE FOR ENTITIES SUBMITTING BIDS UNDER THE MEDICARE DMEPOS COMPETITIVE ACQUISITION PROGRAM. 
(a) B IDSURETY BONDS .—Section 1847(a)(1) 
of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 3(a)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: 
‘‘(G) R
EQUIRING BID BONDS FOR BIDDING EN -
TITIES .—With respect to rounds of competi-
tions beginning under this subsection for contracts beginning not earlier than Janu-ary 1, 2017, and not later than January 1, 2019, an entity may not submit a bid for a competitive acquisition area unless, as of the deadline for bid submission, the entity has obtained (and provided the Secretary with proof of having obtained) a bid surety bond (in this paragraph referred to as a ‘bid bond’) in a form specified by the Secretary consistent with subparagraph (H) and in an amount that is not less than $50,000 and not more than $100,000 for each competitive ac-quisition area in which the entity submits the bid. 
‘‘(H) T
REATMENT OF BID BONDS SUBMITTED .— 
‘‘(i) F OR BIDDERS THAT SUBMIT BIDS AT OR  
BELOW THE MEDIAN AND ARE OFFERED BUT DO  
NOT ACCEPT THE CONTRACT .—In the case of a 
bidding entity that is offered a contract for any product category for a competitive ac-quisition area, if— 
‘‘(I) the entity’s composite bid for such 
product category and area was at or below the median composite bid rate for all bidding entities included in the calculation of the single payment amounts for such product category and area; and 
‘‘(II) the entity does not accept the con-
tract offered for such product category and area, 
the bid bond submitted by such entity for 
such area shall be forfeited by the entity and the Secretary shall collect on it. 
‘‘(ii) T
REATMENT OF OTHER BIDDERS .—In the 
case of a bidding entity for any product cat-egory for a competitive acquisition area, if the entity does not meet the bid forfeiture conditions in subclauses (I) and (II) of clause (i) for any product category for such area, the bid bond submitted by such entity for such area shall be returned within 90 days of the public announcement of the contract suppliers for such area.’’. 
(b) S
TATE LICENSURE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 1847(b)(2)(A) of 
the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 3(b)(2)(A)) is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: 
‘‘(v) The entity meets applicable State li-
censure requirements.’’. 
(2) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in the amend-
ment made by paragraph (1) shall be con-strued as affecting the authority of the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services to re-quire State licensure of an entity under the Medicare competitive acquisition program 
under section 1847 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–3) before the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
(c) GAO R
EPORT ON BIDBOND IMPACT ON  
SMALL SUPPLIERS .— 
(1) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the 
United States shall conduct a study that evaluates the effect of the bid surety bond requirement under the amendment made by subsection (a) on the participation of small suppliers in the Medicare DMEPOS competi-tive acquisition program under section 1847 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 3). 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 6 months after 
the date contracts are first awarded subject to such bid surety bond requirement, the Comptroller General shall submit to Con-gress a report on the study conducted under paragraph (1). Such report shall include rec-ommendations for changes in such require-ment in order to ensure robust participation by legitimate small suppliers in the Medi-care DMEPOS competition acquisition pro-gram. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN) and the gentle-
woman from California (Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 284, currently under consider-ation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I simply want to, again, commend 
our committee, Republicans and Demo-crats, for working on a bipartisan basis to fix a problem in the Medicare Pro-gram that needs fixing. 
I want to specifically highlight Mr. 
T
IBERI , a senior member of our com-
mittee from Ohio, along with Mr. L AR-
SON, a senior member of the committee 
from the Democratic side of the aisle, for working together to fix a very deep flaw in a competitive bidding system which needs a lot of work to be im-proved. 
At this time, I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. T
IBERI ) for the purpose of de-
scribing and explaining the need for this legislation. 
Mr. TIBERI. Thank you, Mr. Chair-
man, for your support of H.R. 284, the Medicare Competitive Bidding Im-provement Act which, as you said, I in-troduced with my friend and colleague from Connecticut, Mr. J
OHNLARSON . 
The bill does fix a fundamental flaw 
in the Medicare durable medical equip-ment Competitive Bidding Program by simply requiring that bids be binding. It will promote fairer competition. More importantly, it protects our sen-iors and supports small businesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:41 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H16MR5.REC H16MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1647 March 16, 2015 
DME includes items like home oxy-
gen, blood sugar monitors, and walkers for seniors. The Competitive Bidding Program was intended to reduce out-of- pocket costs for these seniors. 
However, over the last several years, 
it has become very clear, Mr. Speaker, that the bidding process is extremely flawed, in large part because the bids are not binding. This encourages low- ball bidding—or suicide bidding—which artificially drives down prices and will eventually lead to market failure be-cause there is no performance on many of these bids, meaning seniors don’t get their equipment. 
I have heard from seniors, bene-
ficiaries, and small business suppliers in my State of Ohio that the program is impeding access to needed items for seniors, like the ones I just described, ultimately harming their health and making costs more expensive for our seniors and the program itself. This is absolutely unacceptable. 
The goal of the bill is to reduce the 
number of bad actors who are now par-ticipating in the program by simply imposing a penalty if the supplier who wins the bid doesn’t accept the con-tract to the bid they won. 
The bill will help ensure that these 
suppliers submit bids in good faith, cre-ating more certainty for those sup-pliers, and, most importantly, making sure that seniors get the supplies and the equipment that they need and qual-ify for, increasing access to more qual-ity products and services at the end of the process. 
If this bill is signed into law, seniors 
across the country will no longer have to worry about whether the company in their area will provide the informa-tion and, more importantly, the equip-ment to which they bid on and actually be able to provide that wheelchair, walker, or oxygen tank that that sen-
ior so desperately needs. 
As the chairman of the Ways and 
Means Committee mentioned, the bill has bipartisan support. It is a common-sense bill that actually passed the Ways and Means Committee unani-mously. It was scored by the Congres-sional Budget Office to actually save taxpayer dollars over the next 10 years. 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
the bill, and I thank Mr. L
ARSON for his 
partnership. 
Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I know that this legislation has been 
in the works by Representatives T
IBERI  
and my good friend Mr. L ARSON from 
the State of Connecticut. Unfortu-nately, he could not be here to speak on his own bill due to unforeseen cir-cumstances, so I am but a poor fill-in for Mr. L
ARSON . 
The bill is a commonsense bill that 
will save a lot of money. The durable medical equipment Competitive Bid-ding Program has reduced well-docu-mented overpayments to DME pro-viders. 
It is estimated that it would result in 
$42 billion in savings over a 10-year pe-riod, with $26 billion in savings for the 
Federal Government and more than $17 billion in out-of-pocket savings for beneficiaries themselves. 
This legislation, as I mentioned, was 
introduced in the Ways and Means Committee by Representatives T
IBERI  
and L ARSON . What they are essentially 
trying to get at is the issue of low-ball bidders, and what this legislation would do is require bonds for compa-nies who wish to participate in the pro-gram. 
The Ways and Means Committee did 
pass this bill out of the committee on a unanimous voice vote, and I, as well, support its passage. I urge my col-leagues to support H.R. 284 as a com-monsense solution that will save money in the long run. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself the balance of my time to say the gentlewoman understates the point. She is a perfectly fine fill-in for Mr. L
ARSON . 
I congratulate my colleagues on the 
committee for seeing a problem and rushing to fix this problem. This is what we are supposed to do here. 
We are legislating a solution to make 
sure that senior citizens have access to the highest quality, lowest price dura-ble medical equipment. There is a flaw in the law in how that is being done, and this bill rectifies that. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 284, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PROTECTING VOLUNTEER FIRE-
FIGHTERS AND EMERGENCY RE-SPONDERS ACT 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1191) to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1191 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting 
Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency Re-sponders Act’’. 
SEC. 2. EMERGENCY SERVICES, GOVERNMENT, 
AND CERTAIN NONPROFIT VOLUN-TEERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4980H(c) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by redesignating paragraphs (5), (6), and (7) as paragraphs (6), (7), and (8), respectively, and 
by inserting after paragraph (4) the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(5) S
PECIAL RULES FOR CERTAIN EMER -
GENCY SERVICES , GOVERNMENT , AND NONPROFIT  
VOLUNTEERS .— 
‘‘(A) E MERGENCY SERVICES VOLUNTEERS .— 
Qualified services rendered as a bona fide volunteer to an eligible employer shall not be taken into account under this section as service provided by an employee. For pur-poses of the preceding sentence, the terms ‘qualified services’, ‘bona fide volunteer’, and ‘eligible employer’ shall have the respective meanings given such terms under section 457(e). 
‘‘(B) C
ERTAIN OTHER GOVERNMENT AND NON -
PROFIT VOLUNTEERS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Services rendered as a 
bona fide volunteer to a specified employer shall not be taken into account under this section as service provided by an employee. 
‘‘(ii) B
ONA FIDE VOLUNTEER .—For purposes 
of this subparagraph, the term ‘bona fide vol-unteer’ means an employee of a specified em-ployer whose only compensation from such employer is in the form of— 
‘‘(I) reimbursement for (or reasonable al-
lowance for) reasonable expenses incurred in the performance of services by volunteers, or 
‘‘(II) reasonable benefits (including length 
of service awards), and nominal fees, custom-arily paid by similar entities in connection with the performance of services by volun-teers. 
‘‘(iii) S
PECIFIED EMPLOYER .—For purposes 
of this subparagraph, the term ‘specified em-ployer’ means— 
‘‘(I) any government entity, and ‘‘(II) any organization described in section 
501(c) and exempt from tax under section 501(a). 
‘‘(iv) C
OORDINATION WITH SUBPARAGRAPH  
(A).—This subparagraph shall not fail to apply with respect to services merely be-cause such services are qualified services (as defined in section 457(e)(11)(C)).’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2013. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN) and the gentle-
woman from California (Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within 
which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 1191, currently under consider-ation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
This is a very commonsense bill 
aimed at protecting our volunteer fire-fighters across America. I want to con-gratulate the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) for bringing this 
issue to our attention. It is something that he, as a former mayor, is very fa-miliar with. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) for the 
purposes of explaining his bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:41 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H16MR5.REC H16MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1648 March 16, 2015 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of my bill, H.R. 1191, the Protecting Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency Responders Act. 
I had hoped by now that we would 
not have to be on the floor of this body talking about my legislation once again. This is the third time I have brought this bill to the floor of the House. 
It is intended to protect volunteer 
firefighters and emergency services personnel from ObamaCare. The first two times I introduced it, it passed the House by a combined vote of 811–0. 
I know that there are very few pieces 
of legislation that attract such amaz-ing bipartisan support, and for that, I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. Today, I come asking for your support again. 
Let me tell you why this bill is nec-
essary. In 2013, a firefighter from back home named Bob Timko approached me at a parade in Mechanicsburg, Pennsylvania. He told me about a seri-ous problem regarding volunteer fire-fighters and the Affordable Care Act, or ACA. 
Because the Internal Revenue Serv-
ice specifically considered volunteer firefighters employees for Federal tax purposes, there was the fear that they would fall under the employer mandate of the ACA. If volunteer fire companies were subject to the employer mandate, they could be liable for crippling new health care costs, causing many to have to close their doors. 
Mr. Speaker, as we all know, the 
threshold for the employer mandate is 50 employees. That raised the question of how volunteer firefighters would be counted. Would they be counted as em-ployees just under the fire company, or would they be counted as municipal employees? 
If that were the case, many volunteer 
fire companies could easily achieve 50 employees. If they did, these compa-nies could be forced to pay health in-surance costs for their volunteers or pay a fine. 
This is very important in my home 
State of Pennsylvania. Ninety-seven percent of our fire companies depend either mostly or entirely on volun-teers. Across the country, 87 percent of fire companies depend on volunteers. 
As a former mayor, I can tell you 
that volunteer firefighters are part of the essential fabric of our commu-nities. These are people who risk their lives every day to protect their friends, families, and people they don’t even know. I can tell you that no one be-comes a volunteer firefighter because they want health insurance. While they are on duty, they are, of course, cov-ered by workman’s compensation in-surance. 
Our volunteer firefighters have a 
hard enough time raising money need-ed for basic equipment. They cannot af-ford to pay for health insurance—or pay a fine—on top of it. 
Last year, the IRS finally decided— 
after months of pressure from Members of the House, from firefighters, and 
from the media—that they will not consider volunteer firefighters ‘‘em-ployees’’ for Federal tax purposes, but I don’t think we should leave some-thing as important as public safety in the hands of unelected bureaucrats at the IRS. Our brave volunteer emer-gency personnel deserve certainty. 
As I said, this is the third time we 
have had this bill before this body. The first time, in 2014, it passed the House of Representatives 410–0. When it got to the Senate, they used it to attach un-related language about emergency un-employment insurance. The bill died. 
The second time, just earlier this 
year, it passed the House of Represent-atives 401–0. This time, the Senate stripped all of my language out of the bill. It got turned into a 1-week fund-ing measure for the Department of Homeland Security. 
This is a bill that deserves to become 
law. This legislation has the strong support of the National Volunteer Fire Council, the International Association of Fire Chiefs, and the Congressional Fire Services Institute. 
I appreciate their support and the 
work of all the men and women they represent who protect us every day in our hometowns. We all agree that pub-lic safety is too important of an issue to play politics with. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this 
bill, and I ask all Members to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I am heartened that my 
Republican colleagues are acting on legislation to improve the Affordable Care Act, rather than to simply repeal it. 
Technical corrections have long been 
part of the legislative process for such fundamental pieces of legislation, and this bill does the same. 
Volunteer first responders are abso-
lutely critical to the safety and secu-rity of communities across the coun-try. Seventy percent of all firefighters across the country are volunteers. For the communities aided by volunteer first responders, the services donated annually by these volunteers are esti-mated to be worth more than $140 bil-lion. 
This legislation allows communities 
to continue to benefit for the time and commitment of our firefighters and other first responders. 
b1700 
Treasury has responded to the con-
cerns that Mr. B
ARLETTA and many 
other Members raised through their final regulations. But this legislation makes permanent the reasonable solu-tion that the administration put for-ward. 
Mr. Speaker, I will insert into the 
R
ECORD a letter from the Department 
of the Treasury specifically outlining the regulations that address those con-cerns. This bill is bipartisan, and it is non-
controversial. It, as I said, codifies a regulation that has already been issued by the administration. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY , 
Washington, DC, January 10, 2014. 
Hon. S TEVE ISRAEL , 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE ISRAEL : I am writ-
ing regarding your interest in how the em-ployer shared responsibility provisions of the Affordable Care Act will apply to volunteer firefighters and volunteer emergency med-ical personnel. In particular, you have urged the Treasury Department to consider not re-quiring the volunteer hours of these per-sonnel to be counted in determining an em-ployer’s full-time employees or full-time equivalent employees for purposes of the em-ployer shared responsibility rules. We appre-ciate your efforts and leadership on behalf of the volunteer emergency responder commu-nity, and want to assure you that we share your concern that emergency volunteer serv-ice be accorded appropriate treatment. 
Treasury and the IRS issued proposed reg-
ulations providing guidance on the employer 
shared responsibility provisions under sec-tion 4980H of the Internal Revenue Code (Code) in December 2012 and invited public comments. Numerous comments were re-ceived from individuals and local fire and EMS departments that rely on volunteers, from the International Association of Fire Chiefs (IAFC), and from Members of Con-gress. The comments generally suggested that the final employer responsibility rules not count volunteer hours of nominally com-pensated volunteer firefighters and emer-gency medical personnel in determining an employer’s full-time employees or full-time equivalent employees. 
Treasury and the IRS carefully reviewed 
those comments and spoke with IAFC rep-resentatives to gain a better understanding of the specific issues presented by volunteer firefighters and volunteer emergency per-sonnel under the employer responsibility provisions. Treasury and the IRS also re-viewed pertinent rules that apply to such volunteer personnel under other laws. These include the statutory provisions applicable to bona fide volunteers for different purposes under Code section 457(e)(11) (relating to de-ferred compensation plans of state and local governments and tax-exempt organizations) and rules governing the treatment of volun-teers for purposes of the wage and hour laws. As a result of that review and further anal-ysis concerning the appropriate treatment of volunteer firefighters and volunteer emer-gency personnel under section 4980H, the forthcoming final regulations generally will pot require volunteer hours of bona fide vol-unteer firefighters and volunteer emergency medical personnel at governmental entities or tax-exempt organizations to be counted when determining an employer’s full-time employees or full-time equivalent employ-ees. 
The forthcoming final regulations, which 
we expect to be issued very shortly, should provide timely guidance for the volunteer emergency responder community. Under the transition relief announced by Treasury in July of 2013, no employer shared responsi-bility payments will be assessed for 2014; such payments will be assessed only for 2015 and subsequent years (see IRS Notice 2013– 45). 
I hope this information is helpful. And 
thank you for the important insights you have provided with this issue. If you have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:41 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H16MR5.REC H16MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1649 March 16, 2015 
any questions, please contact me, or ask a 
member of your staff to contact Sandra Salstrom at 202–622–1900. 
Sincerely, 
A
LASTAIR M. F ITZPAYNE , 
Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself the balance of my time. 
I want to thank Mr. B ARLETTA for 
bringing this to our attention. This is a problem with the law and, therefore, the law needs to change. It is insuffi-cient that we have some regulatory forbearance from the administrative branch because the law has to be changed, and that is why this legisla-tion is necessary. 
Again, I just wanted to thank Mr. 
B
ARLETTA for his leadership on this 
issue. We need to do right by our vol-unteer firefighters, and this does that. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in support of H.R. 284. I have heard from many stakeholders in eastern Connecticut about this issue, and believe that this bill is a commonsense approach to making needed improvements to the competitive bidding proc-ess for durable medical equipment, pros-thetics, orthotics, and supplies. 
Requiring bidding entities to meet state li-
censure requirements in product category areas and obtaining reasonable bid surety bonds for each area are sensible prerequisites to improving the competitive acquisition pro-gram. Requiring vendor bidders to be li-censed, means that they have attained basic standards of education and training, which pa-tients can rely on. These reforms will ensure that the competitive DME bidding process pro-duces a more stable supply chain of life sav-ing equipment for Medicare patients. 
I am proud to support this legislation, and 
urge bipartisan support for this bill today. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 1191, as amend-ed. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 2 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. b1830 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota) at 6 
o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. 
Votes will be taken in the following 
order: 
H.R. 647, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 648, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 876, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-
ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
ACCESS TO LIFE-SAVING TRAUMA 
CARE FOR ALL AMERICANS ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 647) to amend title XII of the Public Health Service Act to reauthor-ize certain trauma care programs, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
UR-
GESS) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 389, nays 10, not voting 33, as follows: 
[Roll No. 113] 
YEAS—389 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway 
Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. Duckworth 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler 
Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador Lamborn Lance Langevin 
Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin 
Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell 
Roby Roe (TN) 
Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:41 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H16MR5.REC H16MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1650 March 16, 2015 
NAYS—10 
Amash 
Foxx Huelskamp Jones LaMalfa 
Massie McClintock Sanford Sensenbrenner 
Westmoreland 
NOT VOTING—33 
Becerra 
Capuano Carney Clarke (NY) Conyers DeFazio Fincher Granger Graves (MO) Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hinojosa 
Holding Jeffries Kaptur Lipinski Lummis Mulvaney Pascrell Payne Posey Rohrabacher Roskam 
Rush Ryan (OH) Sanchez, Loretta Scott, Austin Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Turner Waters, Maxine Wilson (SC) 
b1855 
Mr. L AMALFA changed his vote from 
‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. CULBERSON changed his vote 
from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-
er, I was hosting French Ambassador Ge ´rard 
Araud in South Carolina where we visited French business investments across the Sec-ond Congressional District creating thousands of jobs. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on H.R. 647—Access to Life-Sav-ing Trauma Care for All Americans Act. 
f 
TRAUMA SYSTEMS AND REGION-
ALIZATION OF EMERGENCY CARE REAUTHORIZATION ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 648) to amend title XII of the Public Health Service Act to reauthor-ize certain trauma care programs, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
UR-
GESS) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 382, nays 15, not voting 35, as follows: 
[Roll No. 114] 
YEAS—382 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) 
Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck 
Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) 
Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) 
Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. 
Higgins Hill Himes Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis 
Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Roybal-Allard 
Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Upton 
Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski 
Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams 
Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—15 
Amash Foxx Garrett Huelskamp Hunter Jones 
Marchant Massie McClintock Ribble Rouzer 
Sanford Sensenbrenner Westmoreland Yoho 
NOT VOTING—35 
Becerra Capuano Carney Clarke (NY) Conyers DeFazio Fincher Fortenberry Granger Graves (MO) Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hinojosa 
Holding Jeffries Kaptur Lipinski Lummis Meadows Mulvaney Pascrell Payne Posey Rohrabacher Roskam 
Rush Ryan (OH) Sanchez, Loretta Scott, Austin Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Turner Waters, Maxine Wilson (SC) 
b1903 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-
er, I was hosting French Ambassador Ge ´rard 
Araud in South Carolina where we visited French business investments across the Sec-ond Congressional District creating thousands of jobs. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on H.R. 648—Trauma Systems and Regionalization of Emergency Care Reau-thorization Act. 
f 
NOTICE OF OBSERVATION TREAT-
MENT AND IMPLICATION FOR CARE ELIGIBILITY ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 876) to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require hos-pitals to provide certain notifications to individuals classified by such hos-pitals under observation status rather than admitted as inpatients of such hospitals, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, as amended. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 395, nays 0, not voting 37, as follows: 
[Roll No. 115] 
YEAS—395 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash 
Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr 
Barton Bass Beatty Benishek 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:41 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H16MR5.REC H16MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1651 March 16, 2015 
Bera 
Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) 
Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr 
Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Honda Hoyer Hudson 
Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo 
Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem 
Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross 
Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter 
Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg 
Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—37 
Becerra 
Capuano Carney Clarke (NY) Conyers DeFazio Edwards Fincher Fortenberry Granger Graves (MO) Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hinojosa 
Holding Jeffries Kaptur Lipinski Lummis Meadows Mulvaney Pascrell Payne Posey Rohrabacher Roskam Rush 
Ryan (OH) Sanchez, Loretta Scott, Austin Scott, David Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Turner Waters, Maxine Wilson (SC) 
b1910 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-
er, I was hosting French Ambassador Ge ´rard 
Araud in South Carolina where we visited French business investments across the Sec-ond Congressional District creating thousands of jobs. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on H.R. 876—Notice of Observa-tion Treatment and Implication for Care Eligi-bility Act, as amended. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
113 on the Access to Life-Saving Trauma Care for All Americans Act, H.R. 647, I am not recorded because of prior commitments in the Congressional District. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
On rollcall No. 114 on the Trauma Systems 
and Regionalization of Emergency Care Reau-thorization Act, H.R. 648, I am not recorded because of prior commitments in the Congres-sional District. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
On rollcall No. 115 on the Notice of Obser-
vation Treatment and Implication for Care Eli-gibility Act, H.R. 876, I am not recorded be-cause of prior commitments in the Congres-sional District. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, on today, 
March 16, 2015, I was unavoidably detained in my district and missed the three rollcall votes of the day. Had I been present I would have 
voted: 
‘‘aye’’—rollcall vote No. 113—H.R. 647—Ac-
cess to Life-Saving Trauma Care for All Amer-icans Act; 
‘‘aye’’—rollcall vote No. 114—H.R. 648— 
Trauma Systems and Regionalization of Emer-gency Care Reauthorization Act; 
‘‘aye’’—rollcall vote No. 115—H.R. 876— 
Notice of Observation Treatment and Implica-tion for Care Eligibility Act. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, on March 16, 
2015 I was unable to be present and missed the following votes: 
On rollcall vote No. 113, on Motion to Sus-
pend the Rules and Pass H.R. 647, the Ac-cess to Life-Saving Trauma Care for All Amer-icans Act, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’; 
On rollcall vote No. 114, on Motion to Sus-
pend the Rules and Pass H.R. 648, the Trau-ma Systems and Regionalization of Emer-gency Care Reauthorization Act, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’; 
On rollcall vote No. 115, on Motion to Sus-
pend the Rules and Pass H.R. 876, the Notice of Observation Treatment and Implication for Care Eligibility Act, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR THE EXPENSES OF CERTAIN COMMITTEES OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES IN THE 114TH CONGRESS 
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan, from the 
Committee on House Administration, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–44) on the resolution (H. Res. 132) providing for the expenses of cer-tain committees of the House of Rep-resentatives in the One Hundred Four-teenth Congress, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
AUTHORIZING USE OF EMANCI-
PATION HALL FOR CEREMONY TO PRESENT CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL TO WORLD WAR II MEMBERS OF THE DOOLITTLE TOKYO RAIDERS 
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table (S. Con. Res. 7) authorizing the use of Emanci-pation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Cen-ter for a ceremony to award the Con-gressional Gold Medal to the World War II members of the Doolittle Tokyo Raiders, and ask for its immediate con-sideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the con-
current resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
H
ILL). Is there objection to the request 
of the gentlewoman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution 
is as follows: 
S. C ON. RES. 7 
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-
resentatives concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL FOR 
CEREMONY TO PRESENT CONGRES-SIONAL GOLD MEDAL TO WORLD WAR II MEMBERS OF DOOLITTLE TOKYO RAIDERS. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—Emancipation Hall in 
the Capitol Visitor Center is authorized to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:41 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H16MR5.REC H16MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1652 March 16, 2015 
used on April 15, 2015, for a ceremony to 
present the Congressional Gold Medal to the World War II members of the Doolittle Tokyo Raiders, collectively, in recognition of the military service and exemplary record of the Doolittle Tokyo Raiders during World War II. 
(b) P
REPARATIONS .—Physical preparations 
for the conduct of the ceremony described in subsection (a) shall be carried out in accord-ance with such conditions as may be pre-scribed by the Architect of the Capitol. 
The concurrent resolution was con-
curred in. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 1102 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent to remove the name of the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. P
ERLMUTTER ) from H.R. 1102, 
the Police Accountability Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 1041 
Mr. COOPER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent to remove my name as a cosponsor of H.R. 1041. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? 
There was no objection. 
f 
b1915 
RECOGNIZING DR. ERICK HUECK 
OF MIAMI SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to recognize an outstanding educa-tor in my south Florida Congressional District, Dr. Erick Hueck, a chemistry teacher at Miami Senior High School. Dr. Hueck has been an accomplished teacher for more than 25 years, and he has the awards to prove it, including the Miami-Dade Teacher of the Year Award and the Governor’s Teacher of the Year Award, among many others. 
But more than these accolades, Mr. 
Speaker, Dr. Hueck is known to his students as a mentor and a role model, someone to whom they can come for both academic and life wisdom and who is making learning and science fun. 
Dr. Hueck is a positive influence, giv-
ing his students the knowledge, the confidence, and the opportunity to fol-low their dreams. 
Thank you, Dr. Hueck. We are all so 
very proud of you. 
Go Stingarees. 
f 
BIPARTISANSHIP 
(Ms. KELLY of Illinois asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, 
American families expect us to work hard to keep them safe. It is our job to work together in addressing their na-tional security concerns, not to dimin-ish our government’s standing for po-litical sport. 
In 2 short months, this Congress has 
allowed party extremists to push us to the brink of having no Homeland Secu-rity funding, and now we must deal with the dynamic created by misguided Senators whose attempts to undermine the President on Iran have set a dan-gerous precedent that compromises the authority of future Presidents to nego-tiate on matters of foreign and na-tional security policy. 
I ask my colleagues: What are we 
doing? We can’t cater to political ex-tremes here at home and protect Amer-ican families from real extremist threats abroad. Let’s move beyond the politics that divide us and commit to working with the President to ensure that Iran does not obtain a nuclear weapon. The Illinois families I rep-resent deserve it, and the American people demand it. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JEFFREY 
BUCK, LAWRENCE TOWNSHIP VOLUNTEER FIREFIGHTER 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of 18-year-old Lawrence Township volunteer firefighter Jeffrey Buck. 
On March 3, Jeff was battling a house 
fire in Clearfield, Pennsylvania, when the porch roof collapsed on him and two fellow firefighters. For the next 6 days, Jeff was in critical condition, on and off sedation, and on March 9, Jeff succumbed to his injuries. 
Mr. Speaker, it is tragedies like this 
that remind us how selflessly these brave volunteers act in order to protect their neighbors and our communities. 
This is a sad time for Clearfield and 
the entire Commonwealth of Pennsyl-vania. On Friday afternoon, I attended the memorial service for Mr. Buck in Clearfield, and it was truly remarkable to see the entire community come to-gether and unite in the wake of this terrible tragedy. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in of-
fering their prayers and deepest sym-pathies to Jeff’s family, friends, and fellow first responders. 
f 
HONORING MALCOLM JAMES 
‘‘JIMMY’’ KEEP, VETERAN OF WORLD WAR II 
(Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Malcolm James ‘‘Jimmy’’ Keep, a lifelong Memphian and a veteran of World War II who fought bravely against Japanese forces 
in Guam, Saipan, and Iwo Jima. Keep, now 88 years of age, served with the 4th Marine Division after joining the Ma-rines at age 17 in 1943. 
Tomorrow, Mr. Keep and his son, 
Mickey, will travel to Iwo Jima, with the help of a Memphis-based nonprofit organization called Forever Young Senior Veterans, to join 70 other Ma-rine veterans for a 70th anniversary gathering. 
Jimmy Keep was assigned to recon-
naissance duty early in his career and recalls fighting on Saipan as the blood-iest thing he had ever seen. He came under enemy fire from all sides on Iwo Jima when his amphibious tank was disabled, causing him and his partner, Charlie, to evacuate on foot. The two escaped unharmed, earning them the nickname ‘‘rain-walkers.’’ If they could survive that kind of heavy fire, they could surely walk through rain without getting wet. 
On Iwo Jima, Keep cleared out huge 
tunnels that were used by the enemy to launch attacks on the Marines, and he helped carry a fellow marine who was injured back to the beach. He told him: ‘‘You’re getting off this rock. I’ll trade places with you.’’ 
Jimmy Keep is a true hero. I ask all 
my colleagues to join me in honoring Malcolm James ‘‘Jimmy’’ Keep for his service and bravery as a marine with the 4th Marine Division during the Pa-cific campaigns in World War II. He will have the Memphis Grizzlies flag when he gets there at Iwo Jima, and that will be part of his contribution to Memphis. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE OAK 
GROVE MIDDLE SCHOOL ROBOT-ICS TEAM 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
congratulate the robotics team at Bloomington’s Oak Grove Middle School, the Typhoons, for taking first place in the Minnesota First Tech Challenge State Championships last month. This is the first year that the Oak Grove team had the opportunity to compete in State competition, but they still managed to beat out 47 other teams for first place. The team is now qualified to compete in the upcoming North Super Regional Championships coming up in Des Moines. 
Mr. Speaker, as our economy con-
tinues to be driven by advancements in new technologies, it is important that our youth and young people have the opportunity to learn and explore in the science, math, technology, and engi-neering fields. 
Robotics clubs and competitions 
bring out the best of students’ imagi-nation, ingenuity, and skill. They in-spire students to pursue educational opportunities that will help them com-pete for the jobs of tomorrow. That is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:41 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H16MR5.REC H16MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1653 March 16, 2015 
why, Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the 
teachers, the staff, and the mentors that have made STEM a priority at Oak Grove, and also congratulations to all the students on a job well done. 
f 
2016 BUDGET PRIORITIES 
(Mr. TONKO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, our Vice 
President, J
OEBIDEN, once said: ‘‘Don’t 
tell me what you value. Show me your budget, and I’ll tell you what you value.’’ 
This body’s routine budgeting prac-
tices have faded away in the last 4 years only to be replaced by partisan bickering that uses austere budgets as messaging tools. These budgets invari-ably go nowhere, while the most vul-nerable individuals and families in our communities see their needs grow larg-er and their potential to make their own success grow smaller. 
Our national priorities should be sim-
ple enough: public investment in qual-ity education accessible by every stu-dent, infrastructure, job training pro-grams, research, and a national energy policy that encourages innovation and new jobs. The strategy we have seen of cutting our way to prosperity simply does not work. The more we do it, the more we cut ourselves down while more nations pass us by. 
As we work our way through the 2016 
budgeting process, instead of telling our constituents our values, let’s show them what we value by producing an ambitious budget that creates oppor-tunity for our American middle class and those struggling to enter it or to stay in it. 
f 
THE DEPLORABLE ACTIONS OF 
THE MADURO REGIME 
(Mr. CURBELO of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, the Maduro regime in Venezuela has moved to expel opposition leaders from 
the National Assembly, arrested the mayor of Caracas on charges of con-spiracy to commit violent acts, and has detained opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez for treason. The government issued a policy allowing police to use deadly force to control protests, which has resulted in the death of a 14-year- old student on his way to school. Over the weekend, Maduro’s cronies in the legislature gave him dictatorial powers to more harshly crack down on inter-nal dissent. Venezuela is sadly tee-tering closer towards a Cuba-style dic-tatorship. 
I condemn these acts of repression 
which are a desperate attempt by Maduro and his henchmen to cling to power, despite policy failures that have led to shortages of food and medical supplies, long lines at shops, and soar-ing inflation. These sanctions announced last week 
are a long overdue first step to holding the Maduro regime accountable for its grotesque disregard for human rights. But more must be done to ensure that these thugs answer for their crimes. 
I stand in solidarity with the peace-
ful, democratic Venezuelan opposition there and in the U.S. that oppose thuggish rule. They have been instru-mental in spreading information about Maduro’s deplorable actions. 
f 
LAW ENFORCEMENT LEADERSHIP 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
just a few weeks ago, maybe even a few months ago, I had the privilege of lis-tening partly to the testimony of At-torney General nominee Loretta Lynch, a brilliant expression of a sea-soned and competent, qualified and wise attorney that has served this Na-tion for many, many years. Formerly, as the U.S. attorney in Brooklyn, New York, she has been one who has re-ceived accolades from all over the Na-tion. 
Now, unfortunately, the Senate, the 
other body, chooses to create a con-stitutional crisis. As she lingers wait-ing for a confirmation vote, already ap-proved by the Judiciary Committee with a bipartisan vote, it begs the question: Why we are having this kind of treatment of the appointees of Presi-dent Obama? 
So I ask the other body if they would 
do what is right for the American peo-ple as we look for law enforcement leadership, as we continue to look for direction on antitrust issues, voting rights issues, women’s rights issues, human rights issues, and many issues dealing with terrorism that fall under the jurisdiction of the U.S. Department of Justice. It is time, and now, for this confirmation to be done and approved and for this former U.S. attorney to be sworn in as the United States Attorney General in the Department of Justice. 
f 
THANKING TIM BUTLER, REP-
RESENTATIVE OF THE 87TH HOUSE DISTRICT IN THE ILLI-NOIS GENERAL ASSEMBLY 
(Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to thank a former staffer for his service to this House, my office, and to the people of Illinois. Tim Butler, who most recently served as my district chief of staff, left my of-fice recently to represent the people of the 87th House District in the Illinois General Assembly. 
Tim was an asset to my team from 
day one, as we set out to make sure every constituent in the Thirteenth District knew we were there to serve them by getting answers from Federal departments like the VA, listening and 
acting on legislative ideas, and much more. Under Tim’s leadership, we opened five district offices, helped more than 1,500 constituents through casework, and launched 10 advisory boards, just to name a few of our team’s accomplishments during my first term. 
Tim began his service in the House in 
1991 with the Committee on Education and Labor, and after leaving the com-mittee, he worked for then-Congress-man Ray LaHood for 14 years. It was during his time with Congressman LaHood and my time as projects direc-tor for Congressman S
HIMKUS that Tim 
and I met and became friends. With his dedication and record of success help-ing constituents in Congressman LaHood’s office, I knew he would be a perfect fit for mine. 
Tim’s leadership in my office will be 
missed, but I know he will provide the same level of exemplary constituent services representing the people of the 87th District in the Illinois General As-sembly. 
I thank Tim for his service to this 
House, and I congratulate him on his new opportunity to serve the people of Illinois. 
f 
THE BATTLE WAGES ON: SECUR-
ING EQUAL VOTING RIGHTS IN THE UNITED STATES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Illi-nois (Ms. K
ELLY ) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers be given 5 days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, 
it is an honor and a privilege to be be-fore you this evening on the heels of our Nation’s recognizing the 50th anni-versary of the Selma marchers which tore down many obstructive barriers to voting for African Americans and which led to the passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. 
We have grown as a nation since the 
night Jimmie Lee Jackson was mur-dered peacefully marching for voting rights in Alabama, and we are not the America we were when Mamie Till made the world see what had been done to her baby. But we are still living in dynamic times for our democracy. Selma has changed, but the issues of Ferguson, Missouri, remain. 
Nearly 60 years after Emmett Till 
was buried, Black mothers still worry about the value of their son’s lives when they leave home. We are re-minded of this every time we look into the eyes of Trayvon Martin’s mother. We are better today than we were then, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:41 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H16MR5.REC H16MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1654 March 16, 2015 
and the changes we made to our laws 
paved our path to prosperity. The President spoke of this in Selma, and Republicans and Democrats alike were united in our feeling that we must up-hold the promise of the Nation we in-herited because of Selma. 
b1930 
The U.S. Senate should vote to con-
firm very qualified and exceptional U.S. Attorney Loretta Lynch as the next Attorney General. The CBC de-voted an hour of floor testimony last month in defense of her confirmation, but in her role as Attorney General, Loretta Lynch will be tasked with de-fending the Federal laws that protect the right to vote, and that brings us to our topic this evening. 
Tonight’s Congressional Black Cau-
cus Special Order hour is entitled: ‘‘The Battle Wages On: Securing Equal Voting Rights in the United States.’’ This topic is truly timely. This con-versation needs to take place now. Work remains to secure equal voting rights in the United States. 
Actions like the Supreme Court’s de-
cision to gut the Voting Rights Act re-mind us that the equality that should exist at the ballot is still lacking and why I dream of a day when the Voting Rights Act is no longer necessary. The truth is that voter discrimination and suppression remain as tragic legacies of our past. 
In the past few years, many States 
have introduced restrictive legislation that diminishes an individual’s access to the voting booth. The Justice De-partment may have the tools to fix this problem and go after places that are discriminating against certain voters. 
In some places, getting a voter ID 
that you can use to vote can cost up to $150, and that can be a burden for someone who is on a fixed income and not driving anymore and doesn’t have a license. 
Discriminatory laws and policies 
that hamper access to the ballot box are reasons that the protections and the Voting Rights Act are necessary. The VRA must remain intact as its principles are powerful democratic agents that make our Union more per-fect. 
With that, I would like to kick off 
this Special Order hour by yielding to my colleague and anchor, a man who has dedicated his life to the issues of justice in America—a lawyer, judge, and statesman who has defended voting rights—the chairman of the Congres-sional Black Caucus, the Honorable G.K. B
UTTERFIELD of North Carolina. 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Thank you very 
much, Congresswoman K ELLY . Thank 
you for your leadership, and thank you for what you mean to the Congres-sional Black Caucus. 
The Congressional Black Caucus is 
now the largest caucus in our history. We are very proud to announce that we have 46 members now in CBC, rep-resenting more than 30 million people from 23 States, in addition to the Dis-trict of Columbia and the Virgin Is-
lands, so I am delighted that you have taken this responsibility each week, Ms. K
ELLY , to come to the floor and 
manage this time. 
Typically, Congressman D ONALD  
PAYNE would be joining Congress-
woman K ELLY tonight, but Mr. P AYNE  
is not able to come to the floor tonight to help with this Special Order due to, what I am told, is complications from foot surgery, so we wish Congressman P
AYNE a very speedy recovery. 
Ms. K ELLY , I wanted to particularly 
thank you for selecting this subject this evening. This is a very timely con-versation that we must have in this Congress, and that is the whole subject of the Voting Rights Act. The topic that you have chosen, ‘‘The Battle Wages On: Securing Equal Voting Rights in the United States,’’ is so very appropriate; and, hopefully, in the next 2 or 3 minutes, I want to tell you why. 
Let me just start by explaining the 
whole voting rights story. Some of my colleagues may not fully appreciate it and understand that when we talk about voting rights, we just don’t talk about 1965. 
In order to fully appreciate the vot-
ing rights history in this country, we must go back to the end of slavery when 4 million slaves became free. They did not have the right to vote. Once the 15th Amendment was added to the Constitution, then all of the former slave men got and obtained the right to vote. 
They got engaged. They got involved 
in the political process. From 1870 until 1900, a period of some 30 years, African American males, particularly in the South, were fully engaged in the polit-ical process. 
But do you know what? In 1900, Mr. 
Speaker, in 1900, that right to vote came to an end. It came to an end be-cause of Southern States like South Carolina, North Carolina, Alabama, Mississippi, and the like, all of these Southern States passed disfranchisement laws, particularly a literacy test. 
This literacy test had the practical 
effect of denying the former slaves and their descendants the right to vote. Not only did you have to read and write in order to be able to register to vote, you had to convince the registrar that you were literate. 
The practical effect of that was that 
the whole voting rights movement dur-ing those days came to an abrupt end in 1901 when Congressman George H. White, who was one of my predecessors in North Carolina, stood on this House floor on March 3, 1901, and made a very profound welfare speech to the Con-gress. 
Mr. Speaker, that is the first era of 
voting rights in this country. 
The next era, I would say, would be 
from 1901 to 1965, when African Ameri-cans, for the most part, were not al-lowed to register to vote because of the literacy test and were not meaning-fully involved. The next and final phase would be 
from 1965 until the present. In 1965, this Congress passed a historic 1965 Voting Rights Act, and it was a bipartisan bill. Democrats and Republicans promoted the bill all the way to the finish line with the help of then President Lyndon B. Johnson. 
The 1965 voting rights, Mr. Speaker, 
did many great things, but the three things that I will highlight tonight are: Number one, it eliminated the literacy test; number two, it gave a right of ac-tion, it gave to African American com-munities all across the United States the right to bring legal action to file civil lawsuits in Federal court to chal-lenge discriminatory election laws or practices or procedures; the third part of the Voting Rights Act was what we now refer to as section 5. 
The Congress in 1965 set aside certain 
States in the country and certain sub-divisions within a State to require them to get preclearance before elec-tion laws when new election laws went into effect. 
Many of our Southern States did not 
like section 5, but it was put on the books for a purpose because, if given the opportunity, these States were going to pass discriminatory election laws that made it very difficult for Af-rican Americans to vote. 
Section 5 has now been on the books 
since 1965. It has been strongly en-forced by the Attorney General. Sec-tion 2 has been strongly enforced in courts all across the country. Now, we have 46 African Americans serving in Congress, we have thousands elected at State and local levels all across the country, and it was because of the Vot-ing Rights Act in many respects. 
Well, Mr. Speaker, we received a 
great surprise on June 25 of 2013. The U.S. Supreme Court declared that sec-tion 5 could not be enforced because the formula that gives life to section 5, which is section 4, the court said that section 4 needed to be updated and called on this Congress to amend sec-tion 4 to make it more contemporary in its application. 
This Congress has failed to act. Now, 
this is the spring of 2015, and we have failed to act. Our voting rights are under continuous assault with more and more States and counties enacting voting laws that, on their face, appear to not be an impediment to voting. Many of these new laws are discrimina-tory, I want you to know. Some are in-tended to be. Others, though not inten-tional, will have a discriminatory re-sult. 
In closing, Mr. Speaker, I am just un-
able to understand why my Republican colleagues refuse to support an amend-ment to section 5 to make this provi-sion compliant with the Supreme Court decision. 
Through the years, this Congress has 
been called upon to extend section 5, and it has done so in a bipartisan way. In 2006, as section 5 was about to expire then, there was a bipartisan bill passed by this Congress, signed by President 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:41 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H16MR5.REC H16MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1655 March 16, 2015 
George W. Bush. There were 192 Repub-
licans who voted for the bill. 
I want to say that to you again, my 
colleagues: 192 Republicans voted to ex-tend section 5 just a few years ago. I saluted them then; I salute them now. Sixty-six of those Republicans con-tinue to serve in the House today, in-cluding the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Mr. G
OODLATTE . 
Mr. Speaker, we must fix section 5 to 
comply with the Supreme Court’s deci-sion to update the formula. If we con-tinue down this path and if we do noth-ing, the practical effect will be that ju-risdictions will pass election laws or implement election practices or proce-dures that will discriminate, and we know it, and we must prevent it from happening. 
The only remedy African American 
communities have to obtain redress from discriminatory practices will be to file very expensive litigation. In the meantime, the law, the new law goes into effect. 
If section 5 was in place, there 
wouldn’t be the need for expensive liti-gation. The jurisdiction would simply be required to make a showing to the Department of Justice, and the Attor-ney General would determine the effect of the change on minority voting strength. That is the way we have done it for the last 50 years. 
I call on my Republican colleagues to 
please join with us in a bipartisan, bi-cameral effort to fix the formula so that section 5 can be enforced in our country. 
Thank you, Ms. K
ELLY . 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Thank you, 
Congressman B UTTERFIELD . 
It is now my honor to introduce the 
gentlewoman from Alabama, one that was our gracious host last weekend, and we appreciate everything she did, T
ERRI SEWELL . 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speak-
er, on March 7, 2015, nearly 100 Mem-bers of Congress from both sides of the aisle went to Selma to commemorate the 50th anniversary of Bloody Sunday and the 1965 march from Selma to Montgomery. I was humbled to wel-come so many of my colleagues in Con-gress to my hometown of Selma, Ala-bama. 
It meant a lot to me and the State of 
Alabama to also welcome President and Mrs. Obama and their daughters, as well as President and Mrs. George W. Bush to Selma to commemorate the significant events in American history. The Selma movement for voting rights was a uniquely American story of how ordinary Americans working together achieved extraordinary social change. 
I want to thank all of the Members 
and everyone who participated in the Faith & Politics pilgrimage to Ala-bama this year. I especially want to thank my Alabama colleagues—Sen-ator S
ESSIONS , Representative M ARTHA  
ROBY, Representative R OBERT ADER-
HOLT , Representative B RADLEY BYRNE , 
and Representative G ARY PALMER —for 
their participation in the delegation. A special thanks to Congressman J OHN 
LEWIS and the Faith & Politics Insti-
tute for a job well done. 
You know, Mr. Speaker, the oppor-
tunity to walk in the footsteps of J OHN 
LEWIS with J OHNLEWIS is an unforget-
table experience that is truly trans-formative. The bipartisan participation by Republicans and Democrats alike was truly something to behold, espe-cially given the hyperpartisanship of Washington. 
It was something to see us gather to-
gether in Selma, Alabama, to honor the sacrifices of the foot soldiers who dared to fight for voter equality 50 years ago. I tried not to have any ex-pectation from this bipartisan showing, but I must admit my hope was that all of us would be motivated by the experi-ence of traveling with J
OHNLEWIS, in 
his footsteps with him, to honestly look at modern-day threats to voting rights today. 
Now that the spotlight is no longer 
on Selma, we must move beyond the bridge and see that there is still a need to fight to ensure that all Americans can participate equally in the political process. 
New barriers to voting rights have 
been legitimized in State legislatures across this country. Photo ID laws and efforts nationwide to get rid of early voting or weekend voting are modern- day efforts that have had the profound effect of restricting access to voting. 
Any effort that restricts or decreases 
the likelihood of citizens to vote is a threat to the voting rights of all Amer-icans. There is no denying that mod-ern-day laws imposed to ostensibly pre-vent voter fraud has had the ‘‘unin-tended consequence’’ of making it much harder for certain sectors of the population to vote. 
My father is a perfect example of an 
individual who has found it harder to vote because of these modern-day laws. Prior to the State of Alabama impos-ing a photo ID law to vote, my father, Andrew, a stroke victim who has been wheelchair bound for the last 10 years, had been voting by using his federally issued Social Security card, which does not have a photo; but once the law was imposed, my father—who no longer drives, who no longer works, is re-tired—had no way of getting a photo ID. 
After the Alabama law changed, my 
mother and I made sure that my father would get a photo ID to vote. The ef-fort was tremendous. We transported my father in a special wheelchair ac-cess van and got him into the old Dal-las County courthouse, which was grandfathered in from having ADA laws and, therefore, no wheelchair ramp. Once inside the courthouse, the elevator to the registrar’s office was being serviced, and we had to wait an hour in order to use it. 
Once we finally got to the office of 
the board of registrars, there was only one person waiting on 25 people in line. My mother and father persevered. They persevered to make sure that my fa-ther got a photo ID that day because he 
was resolved in voting because his daughter was on the ballot for reelec-tion. 
b1945 
Just think of all of the seniors or dis-
abled citizens who do not have a rel-ative or a person to take them to get a photo ID. This photo requirement defi-nitely reduces the number of and the ability of certain segments of the soci-ety to exercise their right to vote. 
In the Supreme Court ruling which 
invalidated the preclearance provisions of the VRA, the Court said that the for-mula used by Congress to determine the covered States was outdated, and it implied that there was no need for the Voting Rights Act today since, after all, there was an African American elected as President. Oh, how short-sighted the Supreme Court was. As long as there are vulnerable commu-nities that face barriers to voting, there is still a need for Federal protec-tion. 
Just last year, after the Supreme 
Court ruling, the city of Evergreen, Alabama, came under Federal scrutiny for unfairly excluding African Ameri-cans from the voting rolls and for at-tempting to further dilute their voting power with a redistricting plan that would pack its majority Black popu-lation into only two of the five munic-ipal districts. Incidences like this in Evergreen, Alabama, remind us that progress is always illusive and that the injustice suffered on the Edmund Pettus Bridge 50 years ago has not been fully vindicated. 
Mr. Speaker, beyond the bridge, 
there are still laws that explicitly or unintentionally limit the access of Americans to vote. Now that we have commemorated the movement that led to the passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, what are we going to do to pro-tect the progress that has been made and to expand access to the sacred right to vote? 
On March 7, 2015, while en route to 
Selma, President Obama signed H.R. 431, the bill that awarded a Congres-sional Gold Medal to the foot soldiers of the Selma to Montgomery march of 1965. Finally, this Nation is acknowl-edging the bravery of these foot sol-diers, who dared to make this Nation live up to its ideals of justice and equality for all. While a great honor, a medal is not adequate repayment for their sacrifice. 
Mr. Speaker, the greatest tribute 
that we as Members of Congress can give is to work honestly and earnestly on a bipartisan bill to restore Federal voting protections to vulnerable com-munities under the Voting Rights Act. While I applaud bipartisan efforts made in the Voting Rights Amendment Act of 2015, which creates a new formula that would determine which jurisdic-tions require Federal preclearance, this new formula that is in the current VRA Amendment Act omits key States, key States like North Carolina, South 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:41 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H16MR5.REC H16MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1656 March 16, 2015 
Carolina, and Alabama. I can’t imag-
ine, Mr. Speaker, that the very State— Alabama—that prompted the Voting Rights Act that was signed into law 50 years ago would now not be afforded the protection of Federal oversight. The fight for voting rights was born in Alabama, and on my watch, it will not die there. 
Voting rights advocates and every-
day citizens must remain vigilant and do all that they can to safeguard against efforts to constrict democracy in State and local governments. Our democracy requires it. We can all pay a debt of gratitude to those foot soldiers by voting in every election—local, State, and Federal. We all have our part to play, and we in Congress can play a vital role. 
To echo the President’s call to ac-
tion, President Obama said on that day: 
Selma shows us that America is not the 
project of any one person. The single most powerful word in our democracy is the word ‘‘we.’’ We the people are tasked with strengthening and safeguarding our democ-racy. We the people are responsible for en-suring our Nation lives up to its very prin-ciples. 
On the 50th anniversary of the Voting 
Rights Act and the historic march from Selma to Montgomery, I urge my colleagues—Democrats and Repub-licans alike—to recommit ourselves to the work that was done by our prede-cessors, to work together to restore the Voting Rights Act for all Americans. That is the least we can do on this, the 50th anniversary. I look forward to this august body taking up a voting rights amendment act that fully restores Fed-eral protection to all vulnerable com-munities so that all Americans can definitely exercise that sacred right to vote. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Thank you to 
the gentlewoman from Alabama. Thank you for sharing the challenges citizens like your dad can have in com-plying with the new Voting Rights Act law. Thank you for standing up. 
At this time, I would like to intro-
duce the fierce and gentle woman from the District of Columbia, E
LEANOR  
HOLMES NORTON . 
Ms. NORTON. I thank my good 
friend, Representative R OBIN KELLY  
from Illinois, for her leadership on this night, this first night back. 
For Members back from Selma, I ap-
preciate that our chair of the Congres-sional Black Caucus has been here to give us very important background and history. I particularly appreciate that we have just heard from a Member from Alabama, itself, Representative T
ERRI SEWELL , and all of that seems to 
me to be the appropriate prelude for what we are doing here tonight. 
Mr. Speaker, yes, this is the first day 
we are back from this historic trip and are back from the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act. There is no place for the almost 100 Members who went to Selma to be but on this floor this evening. I want to thank Attorney General Holder for taking the crippled 
Voting Rights Act and continuing to enforce it. The trip to Selma essen-tially set the stage for Members to come back and to regard our trip as a call to action and get down to work to revitalize the 1965 Voting Rights Act. 
My thanks to Representative J
IM 
SENSENBRENNER and to Representative 
JOHN CONYERS for cosponsoring a re-
vised version of the act. My thanks to J
OHN LEWIS, who has kept Selma and 
the Voting Rights Act alive by his an-nual trips with Members and others to Selma. I am appreciative of the almost 100 Members from both parties who went to Selma on the 6th and 7th. 
What was the purpose of going? It could not have been a celebration. 
You can celebrate the 1964 Civil Rights Act. It has not been dismembered. You can celebrate the 1968 fair housing law. It still is on the books. But you go to Selma to try to bring back to its full glory the Voting Rights Act of 1965, where setback with section 5 has ren-dered the act virtually obsolete for most of its original purposes. 
I stress that the Supreme Court did 
not invalidate the 1965 Voting Rights Act. It invited the 100 Members who went to Selma and the others in this body to modernize the act. We may dif-fer on how to do that. I do not think there can be any doubt that it has to be revised and that we have to meet the challenge that the Supreme Court has given us. After all, the Voting Rights Act has prevented, literally, hundreds of discriminatory voting practices, and there were countless practices that it simply deterred. I must say that I was disappointed that, early on in this ses-sion, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Representative G
OOD-
LATTE , indicated that he did not be-
lieve that the act was necessary, and he talked about the 11 Southern States that had been under the act. 
The fact is that the preclearance 
Voting Rights Act requirements went far beyond those States. At the time of the Supreme Court decision in 2013, Ar-izona and Alaska were covered. Parts of California, New York, South Dakota, and Michigan were covered. In the past, parts of Hawaii, Colorado, New Hampshire, Idaho, Connecticut, Massa-chusetts, Wyoming, Maine, New Mex-ico, and Oklahoma have been covered. It is true that at the heart of the cov-erage were the 11 Southern States, but that is where the heart of the viola-tions were, in fact, tracked. That is where the poll taxes were. That is where the violations were. 
There has been a compromise bill 
that has been put forward by Mr. S
EN-
SENBRENNER and Mr. C ONYERS . In the 
very act of going to Selma, there was put upon us an obligation to come back and respond to that trip. The bill be-fore us has tried to meet some of the objections that were raised. There is a rolling preclearance formula, for exam-ple, that does not require congressional reauthorization. There is a bail-in sec-tion of the act to reach those who had not been covered. There are a min-
imum number of violations over a pe-riod of time that have to be recorded in order for a state to come under the act. 
As my good friend from Alabama, 
T
ERRI SEWELL , says, the act is not 
what all of us wanted, but it does mean that in the spirit of compromise and because of the necessity of this act, this act which democratized the South and is necessary now—perhaps not as necessary as it was 50 years ago—but no one can doubt, as a Supreme Court Justice himself said when he said he didn’t doubt that there was still dis-crimination in voting practices, but he said it was up to the Congress to mod-ernize the bill. 
I don’t see how almost 100 Republican 
and Democratic Members can have gone to Selma on the 50th anniversary without coming back to revise the act. We went emptyhanded. We went with-out a bill. I hope that what we got in Selma was the gumption to come back and to put forward a bill. Yes, the act has been dismembered by the Supreme Court, but the Court asked us to re-shape it. It asked us to restore it. It was one thing to go without a bill. It is quite another to come back and do nothing about a bill. 
The President did not hesitate to say 
where the responsibility, in fact, lies, and I am quoting from his speech in Selma: 
One hundred Members of Congress have 
come here today to honor people who were willing to die for the right it protects. If we want to honor this day, let these 100 go back to Washington and gather 400 more and, to-gether, pledge to make it their mission to re-store the law this year. 
That is our mission. The trip to 
Selma, where we went in the name of the entire Congress, demands that we act before the end of this Congress. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Thank you so 
much to the gentlewoman from Wash-ington, D.C. 
At this time, I would like to intro-
duce the gentleman from South Caro-lina, our leader, J
AMES CLYBURN . 
(Mr. CLYBURN asked and was given 
permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I often 
refer to this Hall as America’s class-room. I do that because I do believe that, as we conduct ourselves here on this floor, it is to set an example for all citizens, especially our young citizens, who look in on our proceedings and get some idea about how they ought to conduct themselves as Americans going forward. One of those things, I think, that we ought to be very careful of is how we address the rights and re-sponsibilities that we all have as citi-zens. 
b2000 
We teach our children in our class-
rooms and in our homes that the right to vote is basic to this democracy of ours. I know that all of us are aware that in our past it is a right that has not always been practiced, but in its 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:41 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H16MR5.REC H16MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1657 March 16, 2015 
wisdom this body, acting collectively, 
decided back in 1965 that it would do something about making right the wrongs that have been heaped upon citizens for decades when it comes to voting. And so we did. 
A formula was adopted that was 
based upon the 1964 results of the Pres-idential election. We have renewed time and time again that law, always updating under that formula; but sev-eral months ago the United States Su-preme Court looked at the formula and decided that the formula had outlived its usefulness, but the Voting Rights Act was still needed. They invited the Congress to take a look at the formula and update it, as the chair said, and to make it more contemporary. We have worked for months. 
I want to thank Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER  
of Wisconsin and Mr. C ONYERS of 
Michigan for the work they have done to put together some amendments that would update that formula. 
This time we decided to look back 
just a few years and to see, within the last 10 or 12 years, what jurisdictions have still continued to violate people’s rights and who have been found guilty of doing so. Rather than apply the for-mula to everybody, what we will do is come up with a series of wrongs, put some numerical qualification on it, and make a new formula. 
Now, that formula is not going to 
cover South Carolina today, but under the formula, any jurisdiction, any State that permits these kinds of atrocities and is found to have done so, they will be brought under the for-mula. So the formula applies to every jurisdiction in the country. I think that it is time for us to be honest that everybody will not do right, but we should have something in place so when a jurisdiction fails to do right, we will have a mechanism to address those ills. 
Now, let me hasten to add—and I 
want all that are listening in to under-stand—this part of the Voting Rights Act is a preventive measure. It says that it allows for the Justice Depart-ment to move to prevent any kind of implementation of a change in the vot-ing laws so that we won’t have expen-sive litigation if something in it is not quite right. I believe that it is incum-bent upon us to do what we can to em-ploy methods that will not require citi-zens and the jurisdiction, their States, their cities and counties, to go to the expense of litigation when we can have an administrative procedure in place to take a look at what has been done and make a decision as to whether or not there is any possibility that someone’s voting rights could be taken away. That is all this formula does. That is all section 5 is about. 
I would hope that those of us who 
traveled to Selma last week to renew our commitment to making this coun-try of ours a more perfect Union will sit down in the near future, and before we get to the 50th anniversary of the signing of that 1965 Voting Rights Act, which comes on August 6 of this year, 
sometime between now and August 6, let’s put in place the kind of amend-ments that would allow the Voting Rights Act to maintain the life that it has given to so many communities for so many years. 
I want to thank Ms. K
ELLY for put-
ting together this Special Order. 
Let me close by saying: The longer I 
live, the more I get in touch with those old adages that we grew up with, one of which was ‘‘an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.’’ I believe that these amendments that we are pro-posing are preventive measures, and it is much more valuable than for us to come back looking for a cure that could be very, very expensive. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Thank you to 
the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. C
LYBURN ) for your important in-
sight and your important comments. 
Now it is my honor to introduce the 
gentlelady from Texas, Congresswoman S
HEILA JACKSON LEE. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Let me thank 
my colleagues and thank Congress-woman K
ELLY and Chairman 
BUTTERFIELD for the opportunity to 
carry forward the spirit of the 50th commemoration of the march over the Edmund Pettus Bridge. Let me also begin by thanking our colleague Con-gresswoman T
ERRI SEWELL and all of 
the Alabama delegation for their hospi-tality and their spirit of unity. 
In fact, Mr. Speaker, I am so moved 
by that experience that I frankly be-lieve that now is the time to move the bill that is bipartisan that is a re-sponse to the United States Supreme Court to the floor of the House, to the Committee on the Judiciary and to the floor of the House. 
Leader C
LYBURN was very apt in de-
scribing a very significant point that really answers the question of the Su-preme Court. If I had my way, coming from the State of Texas, I frankly be-lieve that the reauthorization that we did through the Committee on the Ju-diciary, of which I am a member, and which I was very much engaged in in 2006 and 2007, was a thorough expose of the value of the Voting Rights Act. We did 15,000 pages of testimony, and wit-ness after witness from different per-spectives indicated that the formula that we were using at that time on the preclearance was an effective formula. Of course, the Supreme Court chal-lenged the data, and I would only argue that it is appropriate to update the data. I welcome that. 
But we have gone even further. As 
has been articulated by the bill that has just been introduced by a number of us, we have crafted a formula that says it is an even playing field, an even playing field for a State to opt in be-cause they have voting rights abuses for all people or to opt out because they have a smooth, evenhanded proc-ess for citizens in their State to vote. 
So I believe it is important that the 
message get out of what the Voting Rights Act stands for and what it meant for those foot soldiers to cross 
that bridge. They crossed that bridge, and they were willing—and were blood-ied, frankly—to do something non-violent, and that is to petition their leaders at the voting box. 
I can’t imagine that there is any 
Member here in this place, in this au-gust Congress, that would not want to go to their constituents, whether they live in South Dakota or Utah or Mis-sissippi or New York or Texas, as I do, that there is an unfettered right to vote. 
I will soon be introducing a Voting 
Rights Act that establishes the date that we signed the Voting Rights Act by the President that came from Texas, Lyndon Baines Johnson, with the leaders of Martin Luther King and J
OHNLEWIS and many others standing 
at his side, to introduce that as being Voting Rights Act Day, to reinforce the value to Americans of the impor-tance of voting. 
Who would want to oppose the idea 
that voting is not important? 
So I am looking forward to having 
Members join on the simple premise that it is important to vote in America and that it is important to commemo-rate the signing of the Voting Rights Act and make it Voting Rights Day. That inspiration came as we saw the thousands that were marching across the Edmund Pettus Bridge. 
Let me just clarify for a moment, 
under section 5, the submitting juris-diction under the Voting Rights Act of 1965 and H.R. 885, Voting Rights Amendment Act of 2015, has to prove that the proposed changes are not ret-rogressive, that they do not have the purpose and will not have the effect of denying or abridging the right to vote on account of race or color. We have expanded that, again, to go by acts, by occurrences that would keep someone from voting. 
So I believed that this past weekend, 
or the weekend of Bloody Sunday, was a moving moment that would draw us together, that would allow us to under-stand H.R. 885. And might I say this: I know that many of us will be willing to have teach-ins to ensure that our col-leagues understand the importance of this legislation and that we do it in a bipartisan manner. 
Let me conclude my remarks by say-
ing, earlier today I stood on the floor and asked for a bipartisan approach to the approval of the Attorney General nominee by the other body. I say that from the spirit of recognition of the three branches of government. A Presi-dent has nominated a very well-quali-fied, distinguished member of the bar, Loretta Lynch, to be the next Attorney General of the United States of Amer-ica. 
We understand differences of opinion 
with legislation. I have no quarrel with those differences. I happen to support the human trafficking bill and recog-nize that there is a disagreement on language that I agree with the dis-agreement, but that disagreement can 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:41 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H16MR5.REC H16MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1658 March 16, 2015 
be worked out through ongoing talks 
and however they want to approach it or a vote on the floor. But Loretta Lynch, the Attorney General nominee, should not be held up captive to dis-agreements on legislation and moving toward a constitutional crisis. 
All of this, Mr. Speaker, is wrapped 
up together. The Department of Jus-tice enforces the Voting Rights Act, enforces the voting rights of Ameri-cans. As we look to the future, as we formulate the understanding of the three branches of government, to avoid a constitutional crisis of not having the leadership that is timely for the work that has to be done, I would hope the Senate would move forward, and I would hope that all of us would honor the Voting Rights Act and the message of Selma that we stand together under this wonderful flag and stand for vot-ing rights for all. 
Since its passage in 1965, and through four 
reauthorizations signed by Republican presi-dents (1970, 1975, 1982, 2006), more Ameri-cans, especially those in the communities we represent, have been empowered by the Vot-ing Rights Act of 1965 than any other single piece of legislation. 
Section 5 of the Act requires covered juris-
dictions to submit proposed changes to any voting law or procedure to the Department of Justice or the U.S. District Court in Wash-ington, D.C. for pre-approval, hence the term ‘‘pre-clearance.’’ 
Under Section 5, the submitting jurisdiction 
has the burden of proving that the proposed change(s) are not retrogressive, i.e. that they do not have the purpose and will not have the effect of denying or abridging the right to vote on account of race or color. 
In announcing his support for the 1982 ex-
tension of the Voting Rights Act, President Reagan said, ‘‘the right to vote is the crown jewel of American liberties.’’ 
And Section is the ‘‘crown jewel’’ of the Vot-
ing Rights Act. 
But a terrible blow was dealt to the Voting 
Rights Act on June 25, 2013, when the Su-preme Court handed down the decision in Shelby County v. Holder, 537 U.S. 193 (2013), which invalidated Section 4(b), the provision of the law determining which jurisdictions would be subject to Section 5 ‘‘pre-clearance.’’ 
FACTS OF SHELBY COUNTY V . HOLDER  
In 2006, the City of Calera, which lies within 
Shelby County, enacted a discriminatory redis-tricting plan without complying with Section 5, leading to the loss of the city’s sole African- American councilman, Ernest Montgomery. In compliance with Section 5, however, Calera was required to draw a nondiscriminatory re-districting plan and conduct another election in which Mr. Montgomery regained his seat. 
According to the Supreme Court majority, 
the reason for striking down Section 4(b): ‘‘Times change.’’ 
Now, the Court was right; times have 
changed. But what the Court did not fully ap-preciate is that the positive changes it cited are due almost entirely to the existence and vigorous enforcement of the Voting Rights Act. 
And that is why the Voting Rights Act is still 
needed. 
Let me put it this way: in the same way that 
the vaccine invented by Dr. Jonas Salk in 1953 eradicated the crippling effects but did not eliminate the cause of polio, the Voting 
Rights Act succeeded in stymying the prac-tices that resulted in the wholesale disenfran-chisement of African Americans and language minorities but did eliminate them entirely. 
Before the Voting Rights Act was passed in 
1965, the right to vote did not exist in practice for most African Americans. 
And until 1975, most American citizens who 
were not proficient in English faced significant obstacles to voting, because they could not understand the ballot. 
Asian Americans and Asian immigrants also 
suffered systematic exclusion from the political process. 
In 1964, the year before the Voting Rights 
Act became law, there were approximately 300 African-Americans in public office, includ-ing just three in Congress. 
Few, if any, black elected officials were 
elected anywhere in the South. 
Because of the Voting Rights Act, there are 
now more than 9,100 black elected officials, including 43 members of Congress, the largest number ever. 
The Voting Rights Act opened the political 
process for many of the approximately 6,000 Latino public officials that have been elected and appointed nationwide, including 263 at the state or federal level, 27 of whom serve in Congress. 
Now to be sure, the Supreme Court did not 
invalidate the preclearance provisions of Sec-tion 5; it only invalidated Section 4(b). 
But that is like leaving the car undamaged 
but destroying the key that unlocks the doors and starts the engine. 
According to the Court, the coverage for-
mula in Section 4(b) had to be struck down because the data upon which it was based— registration rates and turn-out gaps—was too old and outdated. 
But my colleagues in Congress and I refuse 
to let the Voting Rights Act die. 
And so we went to work, crafting and draft-
ing the legislation that would repair the dam-age done to the Voting Rights Act by the Su-preme Court decision and capable of winning majorities in the House and Senate and the signature of the President. 
After months of hard work, consultation, ne-
gotiation, and collaboration, we produced and have reintroduced in the 114th Congress, a bill, H.R. 885, ‘‘Voting Rights Amendments Act of 2015’’ that can achieve these goals. 
To be sure, this legislation is not perfect, no 
bill ever is. 
But—and this is important—the bill rep-
resents an important step forward because it: 1. is responsive to the concern expressed by the Supreme Court; and 2. establishes a new coverage formula that is carefully tailored but sufficiently potent to protect the voting rights of all Americans. 
First, H.R. 885 specifies a new coverage 
formula that is based on current problems in voting and therefore directly responds to the Court’s concern that the previous formula was outdated. 
The importance of this feature is hard to 
overestimate. Legislators and litigators under-stand that the likelihood of the Court upholding an amended statute that fails to correct the provision previously found to be defective is very low and indeed. 
H.R. 885 replaces the old ‘‘static’’ coverage 
formula with a new dynamic coverage formula, or ‘‘rolling trigger,’’ which works as follows: 1. for states, it requires at least one finding of 
discrimination at the state level and at least four adverse findings by its sub-jurisdictions within the previous 15 years; 2. for political subdivisions, it requires at least three adverse findings within the previous 15 years; but 3. political subdivisions with ‘‘persistent and ex-tremely low minority voter turnout,’’ can also be covered if they have a single adverse find-ing of discrimination. 
The effect of the ‘‘rolling trigger’’ mechanism 
effectively gives the legislation nationwide reach because any state and any jurisdiction in any state potentially is subject to being cov-ered if the requisite number of violations are found to have been committed. 
Prior to Shelby County v. Holder, the Voting 
Rights Act covered 16 states in whole or in part, including most of the states in the Deep South. 
The rolling trigger contained in H.R. 885, 
unfortunately, does not; at least not initially. The only states that would be covered initially under the new bill are: 1. Texas 2. North Carolina 3. Louisiana 4. Florida 5. South Caro-lina. 
To compensate for the fact that fewer juris-
dictions are covered, our bill also includes several key provisions that are consistent with the needs created by a narrower Section 5 trigger. 
For example, H.R. 885: 1. Expands judicial 
‘‘bail-in’’ authority under Section 3 so that it applies to voting changes that result in dis-crimination (not just intentional discrimination); 2. Requires nationwide transparency of ‘‘late breaking’’ voting changes; allocation of poll place resources; and changes within the boundaries of voting districts; 3. Clarifies and expands the ability of plaintiffs to seek a pre-liminary injunction against voting discrimina-tion; and 4. Clarifies and expands Attorney General’s authority to send election observers to protect against voting discrimination. 
The Voting Rights Act of 1965 is no ordinary 
piece of legislation. 
For millions of Americans, and many of us 
in Congress, the Voting Rights Act of 1965 is a sacred treasure, earned by the sweat and toil and tears and blood of ordinary Americans who showed the world it was possible to ac-complish extraordinary things. 
ABOUT TEXAS NAACP V . BERRY  
(TEXAS PHOTO ID CASE ; CONSOLIDATED WITH VEASEY V . 
PERRY ) 
1. The suit alleges that the State of Texas’ 
photo ID requirement for in-person voting, en-acted in 2011, was adopted for discriminatory 
reasons, in violation of the Fourteenth and Fif-teenth Amendments and Section 2 of the Vot-ing Rights Act, and has a discriminatory ‘‘re-sult’’ in violation of Section 2. The case is con-solidated with similar suits filed by the United States and other private plaintiffs. 
2. Trial was held from September 2 to Sep-
tember 11, 2014, and closing arguments were presented on September 22, 2014. 
3. On October 9, 2014, U.S. District Judge 
Nelva Gonzales Ramos issued a 147-page opinion in which she ruled that the Texas photo ID requirement violates both the U.S. Constitution and Section 2 of the Voting Rights Act. 
4. Judge Ramos found that the law was en-
acted for the purpose of discriminating against African-American and Latino voters, and that it denies minority voters an equal opportunity to participate in the political process in violation of the Section 2 results standard. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:41 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H16MR5.REC H16MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1659 March 16, 2015 
5. Judge Ramos also found that the photo 
ID law unconstitutionally burdens the right to vote, and functions as an unconstitutional poll tax. 
6. On October 14, 2014, the U.S. Court of 
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted Texas’ motion to stay the district court’s permanent injunction until Texas’ appeal is briefed, ar-gued and decided. 
7. On October 15, 2014, the Lawyers’ Com-
mittee and co-counsel filed an emergency ap-plication with the Supreme Court to reinstate the district court’s injunction. 
8. On October 18, 2014, the Supreme Court 
denied the application to vacate the stay; Jus-tice Ginsburg filed a dissent, joined by Jus-tices Sotomayor and Kagan. 
9. Oral argument before the 5th Circuit is 
scheduled to take place during the last week in April. 
10. Previously, in a lawsuit litigated under 
Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act, a three- judge district court in Texas v. Holder, 888 F. Supp. 2d 113 (D.D.C. 2012), ruled that Texas’ photo ID law did not satisfy the nondiscrimina-tion requirements of Section 5. 
11. However, the district court ruling was 
vacated by the Supreme Court, 133 S. Ct. 2886 (2013), following the Court’s decision in Shelby County v. Holder, 133 S. Ct. 2612 (2013), that the geographic coverage formula for Section 5 is unconstitutional. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. I thank the 
gentlelady from Texas for her remarks. Now it is my honor to yield to the gen-tlelady from Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Congresswoman G
WENMOORE . 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I was priv-
ileged just recently to stand hand in hand and shoulder to shoulder in Selma, Alabama, with 100 Members of Congress, with civil rights leaders, friends of the movement of all races from every State in the United States, with civil rights luminaries such as Mrs. Abernathy, Dorothy Cotton, Amelia Boynton—113 years old—Doris Crenshaw, and, of course, our very own colleague, J
OHNLEWIS, who helped lead 
a march for a better life and more equality for all of America. 
But it was very, very hard to cele-
brate. There was a very sober mood in the crowd as we realized that the vot-ing rights of Americans, particularly African Americans, were under threat 50 years after the Voting Rights Act was signed. As the President said in his 
remarks: 
Right now, in 2015, 50 years after Selma, 
there are laws across the country designed to make it harder for people to vote. 
b2015 
As we speak, more of such laws are being 
proposed. Meanwhile, the Voting Rights Act, the culmination of so much blood, so much sweat and tears, the product of so much sac-rifice in the face of wanton violence, the Voting Rights Act stands weakened, its fu-ture subject to political rancor. 
As we think of those martyrs like 
Viola Liuzzo, James Earl Chaney, Andy Goodman, and Michael Schwerner, it is very, very difficult to deal with the re-ality that States such as the one that I hail from, Wisconsin, is one of the States who has joined the map of shame and passed one of the strictest voter ID laws in the country. In the following years since 2011, Wis-
consin has been a battleground in fighting this pernicious law. In 2014, a Federal judge ruled that our voter ID law was unconstitutional and violated section 2 of the Voting Rights Act and the equal protection clause of the 14th Amendment. It found that 300,000 Wis-consinites lacked the proper ID needed under the law and that the law would have a disparate impact on Blacks and Latinos. 
Despite that powerful finding, the 
Federal district court was recklessly overturned by a three-judge panel in the Seventh Circuit. Right before our 2014 election, the United States Su-preme Court stepped in and enjoined this law in an emergency stay to pre-vent them from implementing the voter ID law only 6 weeks before the 2014 election. Recently, members of the Congressional Black Caucus have sent an amicus brief, and I am optimistic that justice will prevail. 
I know that there have been many 
African Americans and people of other races who have marched across that Edmund Pettus Bridge. As a woman, I know that the brave suffragettes fought equal treatment for over 70 years while they faced humiliation and shame from society. 
History has made it so very, very 
clear that voting rights are so funda-mental. The 14th Amendment to the Constitution protects voting rights; the 15th Amendment provided that males, even former slaves and males of any race, could vote; women’s suffrage; with the 24th Amendment, poll taxes supposedly were eliminated, and the 26th Amendment allowed 18-year-olds to vote. 
Of course, we have the Voting Rights 
Act of 1965. I think it is very, very clear, when you look at the history of this protection, that it is one of the most constitutionally protected rights that there is. 
I would urge my colleagues here in 
this body to do more than hold hands and sing, ‘‘We Shall Overcome,’’ but to really pass laws to strengthen the Vot-ing Rights Act. 
We have all heard the adage that his-
tory repeats itself, and we have seen a race across the country for Republican legislatures and Governors to pass these voter ID laws, but I think we also have the power to shape our future by drawing from the lessons of the past: our civil rights movement, our march in Selma, where we stood hand in hand, arm in arm, and fought back against this tide of oppression. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. I thank the 
gentlewoman from Wisconsin. Thank you for sharing your thoughts. 
Now, it is my honor to yield to the 
gentlewoman from Florida, F
REDERICA  
WILSON . 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. In Miami- 
Dade County, I have a program called the 5000 Role Models of Excellence Project. It is a program of Black and Hispanic boys who are trying to grow up into good men. The Friday before Bloody Sunday, 
over 500 12th graders—graduating sen-iors—from that program went to a movie to watch a private screening of the movie ‘‘Selma.’’ 
I want to give a special shout-out to 
Nancy Sewell, who is the mother of T
ERRI SEWELL . As I watched the two of 
them on C–SPAN, MSNBC, and CNN, I was so proud of them. 
These boys were prepared by men 
who experienced the civil rights battles and know the bitter history and vio-lent battles we had to endure. I wish I had the resources to take all 500 of them to Selma. 
During the movie, we planned a Twit-
ter war. Thousands participated all across the Nation. Movie stars, rap-pers, sports legends, and the White House joined in the Twitter war. These boys will never be the same. They were visibly moved; and their applause, tears, hugs, and tweets proved their transformation. 
The next day, on that Saturday, 
when the President spoke, the Twitter war continued. It was based at my home. So many of them watched and marveled at Representative J
OHN 
LEWIS, a card-carrying, sworn-in mem-
ber of the 5000 Role Models of Excel-lence Project. They watched so proudly as he introduced the first Black Presi-dent of the United States. In fact, he is the only President that they know. They are beyond proud. 
Why did I do this? I wanted as many 
students as possible to experience the importance of voting, and I am not fin-ished. All 8,000 of them will see the movie as soon as it is released for dis-tribution. This generation of children needs to know the importance of vot-ing. They need to know what their forefathers had to endure so that they could vote. 
When I was on the Miami-Dade Coun-
ty School Board in 1996, we set up a 
process in partnership with the depart-ment of elections. Every eligible stu-dent is registered to vote in the 11th grade, and when they graduate and turn 18, their voter registration card is mailed to their homes. This is a policy that all school districts all across America should adopt. 
While they repair the damage to the 
Voting Rights Act through legislation, graduating seniors in Miami-Dade pub-lic schools—Black, White, and His-panic—will still have the opportunity to vote. Every single one of them will vote. I hope that other school districts will adopt this policy so that children will know and understand the impor-tance of voting. It is their voice. 
God of our weary years, God of our si-
lent tears, let us as a people march on until victory is won. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Thank you to 
the gentlewoman from Florida. Thank you for sharing your success stories. Hopefully, those can be duplicated. 
At this time, I yield to the gentle-
woman from North Carolina, Congress-woman A
LMAADAMS . 
Ms. ADAMS. Thank you, Congress-
woman K ELLY , for your leadership. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:41 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H16MR5.REC H16MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1660 March 16, 2015 
appreciate what you are doing very 
much. Certainly, it is something that we need to do, and we must do. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to stress 
the importance of equal voting rights for everyone. Just over a week ago, I traveled to Selma with several of my colleagues to retrace the steps of those who shed blood as they tried, again, to gain equal access to the ballot box. 
As a professor for 40 years at Bennett 
College in North Carolina, I made sure that the students that passed through my classroom and our campus knew just how important it was to have their voices heard, and to this day, students know: ‘‘Bennett Belles are voting belles.’’ 
In 2013, the Supreme Court struck 
down a major provision of the Voting Rights Act limiting Federal oversight over State voting laws. Sadly, my home State of North Carolina quickly implemented voting laws that dis-enfranchise voters by making cuts to early voting, reenforcing strict ID re-quirements, and ending some preregistration programs which did not allow young high school students to be able to register to vote. 
As I think about those who risked 
their lives in order to exercise their right to vote, I cannot believe that 50 years later, in 2015, that simple free-dom given to us in the Constitution is still under attack. 
It is time for all of us, Mr. Speaker, 
to come together to restore the Voting Rights Act, to ensure that every voter—no matter their race, no matter their class or creed—can make their voice heard and elect the leaders of their choice. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. I thank the 
gentlewoman from North Carolina, again, for her insight and comments. 
Here we are, 50 years removed from 
Selma, 50 years after Americans— young and old, Black, White, Asian, Hispanic, Native American, Jewish— made a decision to stand up for what they knew was right. They stood up for democracy and demanded fair and un-obstructed access to the ballot. 
As you have heard this hour, the evo-
lution to the America we are today has been a long and challenging journey. The Voting Rights Act has done much to make our Union more perfect, but the strength of the Voting Rights Act has been diminished. With new, dis-criminatory laws on the books, this Congress must act. This Congress can pass a bipartisan bill that extends sec-tion 5 of the Voting Rights Act. 
As was the case in Selma, the law is 
not equal for all. We must unite, as we did then. I urge my colleagues to take up this important issue and strengthen the Voting Rights Act. 
I would like to take this time to 
thank the gentleman from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
UTTERFIELD ) and all my col-
leagues who took the time to speak to us this evening. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank 
my colleagues Congressmen P
AYNE and KELLY for leading the Congressional Black 
Caucus Special Order Hour. 
Mr. Speaker, fifty years ago 600 men and 
women began a peaceful march in Selma, Alabama to demand their full and equal right to participate in our democracy. Their quest for equal voting rights was met with physical violence and racial hatred on what has be-come known as ‘‘Bloody Sunday.’’ 
The marchers were turned back that day, 
but they remained steadfast. With unwavering determination, residents of Selma, civil rights activists, and inspired people from across the nation completed the march from Selma to Montgomery. Their heroism was instrumental in the passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965; a watershed bipartisan action of the U.S. Congress. 
Fifty years later, on the anniversary of 
Bloody Sunday, I stood with President Obama and my House and Senate colleagues to honor the legacy of those brave foot soldiers for justice. But unfortunately, the battle wages on. There is still much to be done to ensure the sacrifice of those marchers was not in vain. 
The Supreme Court’s decision in Shelby 
County v. Holder to strike down Section 4 of the Voting Rights Act left many Americans more vulnerable to voting discrimination. In the absence of this historic safeguard, numerous states have attempted to suppress voting through restrictive voter ID laws and limits on early voting. My home state of Ohio is one of them. 
Congress must act to restore Section 4 of 
the Voting Rights Act and update critical voter protections. In 2015, no eligible citizen should be disenfranchised. No eligible citizen should be denied full participation in our democracy. Let us recommit to rejecting intolerance and injustice in all forms, and continue the fight for equal voting rights for all Americans. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUALS 
TO THE NATIONAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON INSTITUTIONAL QUALITY AND INTEGRITY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment pursuant to 20 U.S.C. 1011c, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following individuals on the part of the House to the National Advisory Committee on Institutional Quality and Integrity for a term of 6 years: 
Upon the recommendation of the Mi-
nority Leader: 
Dr. George T. French, Fairfield, Ala-
bama 
Dr. Kathleen Sullivan Alioto, New 
York, New York 
Mr. Ralph A. Wolff, Oakland, Cali-
fornia 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Ms. G RANGER (at the request of Mr. 
MCCARTHY ) for today on account of a 
function in the district. 
Mr. R OSKAM (at the request of Mr. 
MCCARTHY ) for today and the balance 
of the week on account of the passing of his father. Mr. H
INOJOSA (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today. 
Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California (at 
the request of Ms. P ELOSI ) for today on 
account of business in the district. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I 
move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 8 o’clock and 28 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, March 17, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. H.R. 639. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act with respect to drug scheduling recommendations by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and with respect to registration of manufac-turers and distributors seeking to conduct clinical testing; with an amendment (Rept. 114–41, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. H.R. 647. A bill to amend title XII of the Public Health Service Act to reauthor-ize certain trauma care programs, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–42). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. H.R. 648. A bill to amend title XII of the Public Health Service Act to reauthor-ize certain trauma care programs, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–43). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan: Committee on 
House Administration. House Resolution 132. Resolution providing for the expenses of cer-tain committees of the House of Representa-tives in the One Hundred Fourteenth Con-gress. (Rept. 114–44). Referred to the House Calendar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on the Judiciary discharged from further consideration. H.R. 639 re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. M CHENRY: 
H.R. 1365. A bill to prevent the reclassifica-
tion of certain ammunition as armor pierc-ing ammunition; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. LUMMIS (for herself and Mr. 
L
AMALFA ): 
H.R. 1366. A bill to amend title II of the So-
cial Security Act to set the retirement bene-fits age for today’s eight-year-olds at age 70; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mrs. RADEWAGEN (for herself and 
Mr. S
ABLAN ): 
H.R. 1367. A bill to amend the Expedited 
Funds Availability Act to clarify the appli-cation of that Act to American Samoa and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:41 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H16MR5.REC H16MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1661 March 16, 2015 
the Northern Mariana Islands; to the Com-
mittee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. ROYCE (for himself, Mr. R YAN 
of Wisconsin, Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. S ALM-
ON, Mr. P ERRY , Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. 
BLUM, and Mr. I SSA): 
H.R. 1368. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to prevent foreign dip-lomats from being eligible to receive health insurance premium tax credits and health in-surance cost-sharing reductions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Commit-tees on Energy and Commerce, and Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mrs. WALORSKI (for herself and 
Ms. G
ABBARD ): 
H.R. 1369. A bill to modify the treatment of 
agreements entered into by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish nursing home care, adult day health care, or other ex-tended care services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri: 
H.R. 1370. A bill to direct the Chief of the 
Army Corps of Engineers to revise certain authorized purposes described in the Mis-souri River Mainstem Reservoir System Master Water Control Manual; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
By Mr. BARLETTA: 
H.R. 1371. A bill to improve the Compli-
ance, Safety, Accountability initiative of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
By Mr. BOUSTANY (for himself and 
Mr. R
EICHERT ): 
H.R. 1372. A bill to amend title V of the So-
cial Security Act to extend the Maternal, In-fant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting Programs; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H.R. 1373. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services to consider, within the annual rulemaking processes, the effect of regulatory changes to certain Medi-care payment systems on provider consolida-tion; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CAPUANO (for himself, Mr. 
C
LEAVER , and Ms. N ORTON ): 
H.R. 1374. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to provide penalties for coun-terfeiting or selling Presidential inaugura-tion tickets, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. ESTY (for herself, Ms. C
LARK of 
Massachusetts, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. 
DEUTCH , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ ): 
H.R. 1375. A bill to require the Consumer 
Product Safety Commission to promulgate a rule to require child safety packaging for liq-uid nicotine containers, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
By Mr. GRIFFITH (for himself, Mr. 
M
CCAUL, and Mr. P ETERS ): 
H.R. 1376. A bill to amend chapter V of the 
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to permit provisional approval of fast track 
products; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. HINOJOSA (for himself and Mr. 
S
TIVERS ): 
H.R. 1377. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for tax preferred savings accounts for dependent youth, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. LEE (for herself, Mr. D
AVID 
SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
RANGEL , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. C LARKE of 
New York, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. R USH, Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. 
CONYERS , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. 
ELLISON , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. C LAY, Mr. 
CARSON of Indiana, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. 
BORDALLO , and Mr. M CGOVERN ): 
H.R. 1378. A bill to establish the Social 
Work Reinvestment Commission to provide independent counsel to Congress and the Secretary of Health and Human Services on policy issues related to recruitment, reten-tion, research, and reinvestment in the pro-fession of social work, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida: 
H.R. 1379. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to authorize the Board of Vet-erans’ Appeals to develop evidence in appeal cases, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida: 
H.R. 1380. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to expand the eligibility for a medallion furnished by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to signify the veteran status of a deceased individual; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. QUIGLEY (for himself, Ms. 
S
INEMA , and Ms. S PEIER ): 
H.R. 1381. A bill to amend the Ethics in 
Government Act of 1978, the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Lobbying Dis-closure Act of 1995, and the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 to improve access to information in the leg-islative and executive branches of the Gov-ernment, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, and in addition to the Committees on Rules, House Administration, the Judiciary, Ethics, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Miss RICE 
OFNEWYORK (for her-
self, Mr. C OOK, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
ABRAHAM , Ms. K USTER , and Mrs. 
RADEWAGEN ): 
H.R. 1382. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in awarding a contract for the procurement of goods or services, to give a preference to offerors that employ vet-erans; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia (for herself, Ms. M
ENG, Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, 
Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. C ON-
YERS ): H.R. 1383. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for coverage of certified adult day services under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. WALZ (for himself, Mr. 
A
SHFORD , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. 
BORDALLO , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. 
CLEAVER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C OURT -
NEY, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. 
EMMER of Minnesota, Ms. E STY, Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. 
JONES , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. T EDLIEUof 
California, Mr. S EANPATRICK MALO-
NEYof New York, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. 
STEWART , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. T AKAI, 
Mr. T AKANO , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. W ELCH , 
Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. H ARPER , and 
Mr. L ATTA ): 
H.R. 1384. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to recognize the service in the reserve components of certain persons by honoring them with status as veterans under law; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Ms. CASTOR of Florida: 
H. Res. 150. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of July as National Sarcoma Awareness Month; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Ms. SLAUGHTER (for herself and 
Ms. B
ONAMICI ): 
H. Res. 151. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of the week of March 15, 2015, through March 21, 2015, as National Young Audiences Arts for Learning Week; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. M CHENRY: 
H.R. 1365. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the explicit power of Amendment II of the United State Constitution: A well regulated militia, being necessary to the se-curity of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be in-fringed. 
Additionally, Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, 
the Commerce Clause, of the United States Constitution: To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. 
By Mrs. LUMMIS: 
H.R. 1366. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. 
Constitution 
By Mrs. RADEWAGEN: 
H.R. 1367. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3—The Con-
gress shall have Power. . . To regulate Com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. ROYCE: 
H.R. 1368. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:41 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H16MR5.REC H16MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1662 March 16, 2015 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mrs. WALORSKI: 
H.R. 1369. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution 
By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri: 
H.R. 1370. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, which states 
‘‘Congress shall have the power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
The management of the Missouri River by 
the Army Corps of Engineers directly im-pacts commerce. The river is a sourre of barge traffic carrying a variety of goods. 
By Mr. BARLETTA: 
H.R. 1371. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. BOUSTANY: 
H.R. 1372. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the com-mon Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H.R. 1373. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress 
shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States. 
By Mr. CAPUANO: 
H.R. 1374. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 3, Clause 1: ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States;’’ 
Article I, Section 3, Clause 6: ‘‘To provide 
for the Punishment of counterfeiting the Se-curities and current Coin of the United States;’’ 
By Ms. ESTY: 
H.R. 1375. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of section 8 of article 1 of the 
Constitution. 
By Mr. GRIFFITH: 
H.R. 1376. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. HINOJOSA: 
H.R. 1377. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3: The Com-
merce Clause 
By Ms. LEE: 
H.R. 1378. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and 
interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida: 
H.R. 1379. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida: 
H.R. 1380. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. QUIGLEY: 
H.R. 1381. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of article I of the Constitution 
By Miss RICE of New York: 
H.R. 1382. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia: 
H.R. 1383. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. WALZ: 
H.R. 1384. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to Section 8 
of Article I of the United States Constitu-tion. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 20: Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 93: Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 131: Mr. R ATCLIFFE . 
H.R. 140: Mr. F ORTENBERRY . 
H.R. 167: Mr. Z INKE. 
H.R. 169: Mr. W HITFIELD , Mrs. N OEM, and 
Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 173: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri. 
H.R. 213: Mr. M CDERMOTT and Mrs. C OM-
STOCK . 
H.R. 232: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. 
LARSEN of Washington, Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. 
ADERHOLT , and Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 235: Mr. T IPTON , Mr. R OGERS of Ala-
bama, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. D OLD, 
Mr. H IMES, Mrs. N OEM, Mr. L UETKEMEYER , 
Mr. J OLLY , and Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS . 
H.R. 249: Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. 
RUIZ, and Mr. D ENHAM . 
H.R. 250: Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. B ISHOP of Geor-
gia, and Mr. I SRAEL . 
H.R. 310: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina. 
H.R. 317: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 353: Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 358: Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. S IRES, 
Mr. J ONES , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. K INGof Iowa, 
Mrs. L OWEY , and Ms. B ROWN of Florida. 
H.R. 381: Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 386: Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 402: Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. B UCHANAN , and 
Mr. B UCSHON . 
H.R. 407: Ms. M OORE , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. 
BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. 
H.R. 444: Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 451: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. A MODEI , 
Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H.R. 453: Mr. T IBERI . 
H.R. 465: Mr. H URT of Virginia, Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN , Mr. R USSELL , and Mr. H ARPER . H.R. 472: Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia. 
H.R. 500: Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Ms. 
MCCOLLUM . 
H.R. 509: Mr. G ALLEGO . 
H.R. 513: Mr. C OSTA and Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 528: Mr. R USSELL . 
H.R. 531: Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. 
RANGEL . 
H.R. 540: Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. M OOLENAAR , 
Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. L ABRADOR , and 
Mr. F ARR. 
H.R. 546: Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. 
GALLEGO , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. D ELANEY , 
Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. D OLD, Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
Mr. H ECK of Washington, Mr. R OEof Ten-
nessee, and Mr. C LAY. 
H.R. 570: Ms. L EE, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
NOLAN , and Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 572: Ms. M ENG. 
H.R. 578: Mr. N UGENT , Ms. J ENKINS of Kan-
sas, Mr. F ORBES , Mr. G ROTHMAN , and Mr. 
RENACCI . 
H.R. 586: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 592: Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. P ERRY , and Mr. 
MCGOVERN . 
H.R. 594: Mr. H ARRIS and Mr. R ATCLIFFE . 
H.R. 595: Mr. C HAFFETZ . 
H.R. 598: Mr. C OSTA . 
H.R. 601: Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of 
Illinois, and Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of 
New York. 
H.R. 610: Mr. F RANKS of Arizona and Mr. 
GROTHMAN . 
H.R. 612: Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. C HAFFETZ , and 
Mr. G UINTA . 
H.R. 616: Mr. Q UIGLEY and Mr. C URBELO of 
Florida. 
H.R. 617: Ms. B ROWN of Florida. 
H.R. 628: Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. A BRAHAM , 
Mr. K INGof New York, and Mr. M URPHY of 
Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 631: Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. 
AMODEI , Ms. L EE, Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. T URNER , 
and Mr. N EAL. 
H.R. 638: Mr. C URBELO of Florida. 
H.R. 639: Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS . 
H.R. 647: Mr. H ARPER , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , and 
Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 648: Mr. H ARPER , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , and 
Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 650: Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. B LUM, Mr. S TUTZMAN , and 
Mr. R USSELL . 
H.R. 654: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 662: Mr. J ONES , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. 
MASSIE , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. L AM-
BORN , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, 
and Mr. P ITTENGER . 
H.R. 663: Mr. K INGof Iowa and Mr. W HIT-
FIELD . 
H.R. 685: Mr. F ORBES , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. 
BLUM, Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. R OSS, 
Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. S CHOCK , and Mrs. W AG-
NER. 
H.R. 702: Mr. P OEof Texas. 
H.R. 706: Ms. Lee. H.R. 707: Mrs. H
ARTZLER and Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 721: Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. 
BENISHEK , and Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 722: Mr. N UGENT . 
H.R. 742: Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 751: Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 756: Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 767: Mr. M URPHY of Florida and Mr. 
ADERHOLT . 
H.R. 775: Mr. P ETERSON , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. 
WALZ, Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. T HORNBERRY , Mr. 
MCKINLEY , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
and Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 784: Mr. N EAL, Mr. B EYER , Mr. R UP-
PERSBERGER , Ms. E DWARDS , and Mr. T HOMP -
SONof California. 
H.R. 793: Mr. H URT of Virginia, Mr. F OR-
TENBERRY , Mr. B ARLETTA , and Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 802: Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. 
TAKAI, Mr. S TEWART , and Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 805: Mr. Y OHO. 
H.R. 815: Mr. A MODEI , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. 
JOYCE , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. F ORTEN -
BERRY , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , and Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:41 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H16MR5.REC H16MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1663 March 16, 2015 
H.R. 816: Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. N UGENT , 
Mr. B LUM, Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, and Mr. 
RUSSELL . 
H.R. 822: Mr. R ANGEL and Mr. H URD of 
Texas. 
H.R. 825: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota and Mrs. 
MCMORRIS RODGERS . 
H.R. 842: Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Mr. F ORBES , 
Mr. R OONEY of Florida, and Mr. P RICE of 
North Carolina. 
H.R. 845: Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. L ABRADOR , 
Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. A SHFORD , and Ms. M AT-
SUI. 
H.R. 849: Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 852: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. 
H.R. 855: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Ms. P IN-
GREE , and Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 863: Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. 
WEBSTER of Florida, Mr. L ATTA , Mr. S CHOCK , 
Mr. R OSS, and Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 869: Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 879: Mr. Z INKE and Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 884: Mr. M OOLENAAR . 
H.R. 885: Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr.D OLD, and 
Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 903: Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , 
and Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H.R. 909: Mr. F ORTENBERRY . 
H.R. 919: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
York, Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , and Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 920: Mr. N ADLER , Mr. J EFFRIES , and 
Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H.R. 923: Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. S MITH of 
Missouri, and Mr. H UNTER . 
H.R. 924: Mr. H URT of Virginia and Mr. 
PALAZZO . 
H.R. 928: Mr. B ABIN, Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. 
GOODLATTE , Mr. M CHENRY , Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. 
ISSA, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. L OUDERMILK , 
Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. S TIVERS , and Mr. C REN-
SHAW . 
H.R. 931: Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 932: Mr. O’R OURKE and Mr. S ARBANES . 
H.R. 969: Mr. K INGof Iowa, Ms. B ONAMICI , 
Ms. M OORE , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, 
Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. E DWARDS , 
Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. S AR-
BANES , and Mr. R UPPERSBERGER . 
H.R. 970: Mr. D ESJARLAIS and Mrs. C OM-
STOCK . 
H.R. 973: Mr. V EASEY , Ms. E STY, Mr. R UIZ, 
Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. 
DEFAZIO, Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. C ALVERT , and 
Mr. F OSTER . 
H.R. 976: Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. F ORTEN -
BERRY , and Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 977: Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H.R. 978: Mr. K ILMER , Mr. T URNER , Mr. 
PETERSON , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , and Mrs. 
ELLMERS of North Carolina. 
H.R. 993: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 997: Mr. B ENISHEK and Mr. G IBBS. 
H.R. 1000: Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 1019: Mr. C OOPER , Mr. P IERLUISI , Mr. 
JEFFRIES , Mr. C OFFMAN , and Mr. L ARSEN of 
Washington. 
H.R. 1058: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. B LUM, and Mr. 
TROTT . 
H.R. 1059: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. 
BLUM, Mr. P ALAZZO , and Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 1062: Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. 
ISSA, Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. C ON-
AWAY , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, 
Mr. P ERRY , and Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.R. 1063: Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 1078: Mr. F ARR, Mr. C OLLINS of New 
York, and Mr. L AMALFA . 
H.R. 1086: Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. 
HUELSKAMP , Mr. B ARR, Mr. K INZINGER of Illi-
nois, and Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 1090: Mr. R OYCE , Mr. H UIZENGA of 
Michigan, Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. 
LUCAS , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. H ILL, Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. 
GUINTA , and Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 1095: Mr. W ELCH and Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 1100: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 1104: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan and Mr. 
BLUM. 
H.R. 1114: Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. F INCHER , 
Mr. H ENSARLING , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. 
JONES , Mr. S ALMON , and Mr. L ONG. 
H.R. 1125: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee and Mr. 
BLUMENAUER . 
H.R. 1128: Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 1129: Mr. R UIZ, Ms. S INEMA , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , and Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 1130: Mr. S CHIFF and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 1131: Ms. S PEIER , Mr. R ANGEL , Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. 
WELCH , and Ms. B ROWN of Florida. 
H.R. 1135: Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 1142: Mr. E LLISON , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. 
TURNER , Mr. K EATING , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl-
vania, and Mr. G UTHRIE . 
H.R. 1153: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 1162: Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. E STY, Ms. 
EDWARDS , Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. L OFGREN , and 
Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. 
H.R. 1174: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri. 
H.R. 1178: Mr. O LSON , Mr. P ASCRELL , and 
Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 1180: Mrs. B LACK , Mr. F INCHER , and 
Mr. C OOK. 
H.R. 1190: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, and Mr. K INGof Iowa. 
H.R. 1191: Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. G RIFFITH , 
Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. G IBSON , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. G OSAR , Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. D ENT, 
Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. 
MARINO , Mr. B OST, Mr. A LLEN , Mr. W OMACK , 
Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. 
HUELSKAMP , and Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 1192: Mr. P OLIS, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. 
TSONGAS , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. G OHMERT , Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. P RICE 
of North Carolina, Mr. H IGGINS , and Mrs. 
BEATTY . 
H.R. 1195: Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. 
NEUGEBAUER , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. 
SHERMAN , and Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 1206: Mr. B ABIN, Mr. M EADOWS , and 
Mr. M CHENRY . 
H.R. 1210: Mr. Z INKE, Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. 
MEADOWS , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. W ALBERG , 
and Mrs. W AGNER . 
H.R. 1218: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. A LLEN , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Il-
linois, Mr. H ANNA , Mr. H UNTER , and Mr. 
ROSS. 
H.R. 1232: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 1233: Mr. K INGof New York and Mr. 
HULTGREN . 
H.R. 1234: Mr. R OKITA and Mr. B LUM. 
H.R. 1248: Mr. T URNER and Mr. Y OUNG of In-
diana. 
H.R. 1249: Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. F RANKS of 
Arizona, Mr. M ESSER , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. B ABIN, 
Mr. K INGof Iowa, and Mr. M ICA. 
H.R. 1258: Mr. R ANGEL and Mr. C URBELO of 
Florida. 
H.R. 1267: Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. H EN-
SARLING , Mr. W ALZ, and Mr. H UELSKAMP . 
H.R. 1284: Mr. N ADLER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. 
RANGEL , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. 
SPEIER , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Ms. C LARK OF MASSACHUSETTS , 
Ms. T SONGAS , and Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 1301: Mr. W ELCH , Mr. H ECKof Nevada, 
Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. GRAVES of Missouri, Mr. L ANCE , Mr. L IPINSKI , 
Mr. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. H ARPER , and Mr. 
LUETKEMEYER . 
H.R. 1309: Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 1319: Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. K USTER , and 
Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 1320: Mr. H ENSARLING and Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 1323: Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 1339: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 1341: Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 1343: Ms. M ENG, Mr. J OYCE , Mr. T IP-
TON, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of 
Georgia, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. M EEHAN , 
and Mr. I SRAEL . 
H.R. 1358: Mr. B EYER . 
H.J. Res. 29: Mr. H ECK of Nevada, Mr. 
MESSER , Mr. R OKITA and Ms. F OXX. 
H.J. Res. 33: Mr. B ARR. 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. W ALZ, Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. 
SIRES, Mr. O LSON , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. P ASCRELL , 
Mr. H ARPER , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. 
CULBERSON , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, 
Mr. P ITTS, Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, and Ms. 
BROWN of Florida. 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. N EALand Mr. R IBBLE . 
H. Con. Res. 23: Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. N AD-
LER, and Mr. P ITTS. 
H. Res. 11: Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H. Res. 12: Mr. C OURTNEY , Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. S WALWELL  
of California, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, 
Ms. E SHOO , and Ms. E DWARDS . 
H. Res. 14: Mrs. L UMMIS . 
H. Res. 26: Mrs. C OMSTOCK and Mr. N EAL. 
H. Res. 45: Mr. C OSTA . 
H. Res. 54: Mr. E NGEL , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Ms. M ATSUI , Mrs. C APPS , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. 
BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. 
CONYERS , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. 
NEAL, Mr. B EYER , Mr. S CHOCK , Ms. E SHOO , 
Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. L ANCE , Ms. 
EDWARDS , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. C ARSON of 
Indiana, Mr. W ALZ, and Mr. S CHIFF . 
H. Res. 92: Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. B EYER , Mr. 
HINOJOSA , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. G ENEGREEN  
of Texas, Mrs. C APPS , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. 
DEUTCH , Mr. F ARR, and Mrs. T ORRES . 
H. Res. 106: Mr. M EEKS . 
H. Res. 111: Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , Mr. S IMPSON , and Mr. D UNCAN  
of Tennessee. 
H. Res. 137: Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. 
SINEMA , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mrs. L OWEY , and Mr. 
NADLER . 
H. Res. 139: Mr. T ROTT , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. 
HENSARLING , and Mr. R OKITA . 
H. Res. 140: Mr. C OLE, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
NUNES , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. 
BORDALLO , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. C OOK, Mr. S ALM-
ON, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. J ONES , Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. D AVID 
SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. D ENHAM , and Mr. 
DESANTIS . 
f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 1041: Mr. C OOPER . 
H.R. 1102: Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:41 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H16MR5.REC H16MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1511 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MARCH 16, 2015 No. 44 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Eternal God, our conquering King, 
thank You for providing us with wings of faith to soar above life’s challenges and vicissitudes. Empower our law-makers to use faith’s wings to live lives that are lofty and laudable. May they stand for right and be willing to accept the consequences as they strive to please You in all that they think, say, and do. Lord, give them the wis-dom to follow Your unfailing guidance, seeking to be patient even with dif-ficult people. Open their minds to dis-cern Your will as You give them the courage to obey You. 
We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
ERNST ). The Democratic leader is rec-
ognized. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING LEGISLA-
TION AND LYNCH NOMINATION 
Mr. REID. Madam President, Confu-
cius said, ‘‘Life is very simple, but we insist on making it complicated.’’ That is true. 
Right now, the Republican Senate 
leadership is insisting on making a good piece of legislation far more com-plicated than it should be. This human 
trafficking and child pornography bill before the Senate has wide bipartisan support. Unfortunately, it also includes a previously unreported abortion provi-sion that has brought us to a screech-ing halt in this legislation. 
But there is a quick and very easy so-
lution to this dilemma: Take the abor-tion language out of the bill. The Re-publican leadership doesn’t seem to be interested in a solution. 
The Senate Republican leadership is 
anxious to shut down debate without fixing the problem. We can stand here all week and question how the abortion language got in the legislation. Many believe it was by sleight of hand, but it doesn’t matter. It is a fact that Repub-licans included abortion language in this bill that is completely unrelated to human trafficking, and by doing so Republicans turned a bipartisan bill into a political fight. 
Republican Congressman E
RIKPAUL-
SEN of Minnesota drafted the House 
version of the same human trafficking bill. He wrote the bill. It passed the House. Even he believes that inclusion of the abortion provision in the Senate bill is not appropriate. 
Here is what he said: 
There is no reason it should be included in 
these bills. This issue is far too important to tie it up with an unrelated fight with politics as usual. 
This is his bill, and he says we should 
take that language out. He is a Repub-lican. 
The path forward is clear: Take the 
abortion language out of the bill and we can pass it right now. That is it. 
But if hijacking the human traf-
ficking bill with an unrelated abortion provision wasn’t already bad enough— listen to this—the majority leader is now holding Loretta Lynch’s nomina-tion hostage too. It is hard to com-prehend, but that is what is happening. 
Just last Tuesday, the Republican 
leader gave his word that he would bring up a vote this week on President Obama’s Attorney General nominee. 
President Obama’s Attorney General is well qualified and no one questions her qualifications. 
Now Senator M
CCONNELL is saying 
the Senate will not confirm Loretta Lynch until we pass the trafficking bill—abortion language and all. 
Loretta Lynch was nominated by the 
President 128 days ago. Since that time, Senate Republicans have found reason after reason after reason to delay her confirmation. First, it was just wait until the next Congress. In fact, the Republican leader said last year: 
Ms. Lynch will receive fair consideration 
by the Senate. And her nomination should be considered in the new Congress through reg-ular order. 
But when this Congress got under-
way, her nomination had to wait until after the Keystone legislation. Every-one will remember it was a bill to con-struct a massive pipeline to import for-eign oil, only to turn around and ex-port it to other countries. 
Then Ms. Lynch’s nomination had to 
wait until after a new Defense Sec-retary was confirmed. Then Repub-licans on the Judiciary Committee needed more time and said just one more week. Then she had to wait until after the February recess. As I said, it has been delay after delay after delay, and now we are here in the middle of March and Loretta Lynch has yet to get a vote on the Senate floor. 
Why can’t we get this incredibly 
qualified woman confirmed? She has waited 128 days. That is the longest any Attorney General has ever waited in the last four decades. 
As I have said, a vote on the Lynch 
nomination has nothing to do with the trafficking bill and it certainly has nothing to do with abortion. 
The majority leader can choose to 
keep the Senate stuck on this abortion provision, but he does so at the det-riment of so many other bills that re-quire the Senate’s attention. The ma-jority leader gave his word that we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR6.000 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1512 March 16, 2015 
would consider the Lynch nomination 
through regular order, and that has not happened. He gave his word that we would vote on confirmation this week, but now he is hedging on that. There is no reason my friend, the majority lead-er, cannot live up to his numerous commitments. 
Loretta Lynch’s nomination is on the 
Executive Calendar, meaning the Sen-ate can consider her nomination and then immediately move back to the trafficking bill. Any attempt to hold her nomination hostage because of the abortion provision is a sham. 
This Congress is barely 2 months old. 
Yet this is just the latest on a growing list of examples proving Republicans simply cannot govern. 
The American people need a human 
trafficking bill, and the American peo-ple need an Attorney General. Let’s confirm Loretta Lynch as soon as pos-sible. 
Madam President, what is the busi-
ness of the day? 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The Senator from Texas. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
LEGISLATION 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, to-
morrow morning the Senate will be casting a very important vote. We will be voting on a piece of legislation called the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act, which currently has 12 Democratic cosponsors and virtually an equal number of Republican cospon-sors. In other words, this is generally bipartisan legislation. 
As further evidence of its bipartisan 
support, this bill passed unanimously out of the Senate Judiciary Committee in February, and it enjoys the support of more than 200 victims’ rights and law enforcement organizations. But as everyone in this Chamber knows, Sen-ate Democrats have said they will fili-buster this bipartisan legislation that is designed to provide justice for vic-tims of trafficking because it contains a particular provision they have voted for on a number of occasions and, in-deed, have chosen to cosponsor. It is unconscionable and shameful and more than that it is just simply baffling to me. 
The reason it is so shameful is be-
cause there are children waiting for our help. The average victim of human trafficking in the United States is a young girl between the age of 12 and 14 years of age. Children are being abused 
and literally sexually assaulted while apparently some of our colleagues on the other side of the aisle have decided to try to make a political point. It is baffling because my colleagues have voted for essentially this very same provision in one form or another time and time and time again. 
Apparently, the Democratic leader, 
who is pressuring Members of his cau-cus to filibuster this bill is—well, he says we need to take out the language they object to, but I was standing on the floor just a few days ago when—I guess it was Thursday afternoon—the majority leader, Senator M
CCONNELL , 
offered them an opportunity to have an up-or-down vote to strip that language out of the bill and they objected to it. So it is getting harder and harder to believe the sincerity of their protests, and it is appearing more and more like-ly that what they want to do is have the Senate return to the same dysfunc-tional nature it was under for the last 4 years by the previous majority. 
I wish to pose several questions to 
our colleagues who insist on filibus-tering this bipartisan piece of legisla-tion. The first question I have is: Isn’t it the case that only 3 months ago 50 Democrats voted for the 2015 Defense authorization bill? Isn’t that a bill a piece of authorizing legislation much like the underlying justice for victims of trafficking bill? If 50 Democrats voted for similar language with regard to the limitations on the use of funding just a few months ago, how in the world can they filibuster this bill for including the same language they voted for, more or less, just a few short months ago? In fact, it is true that in 2009 all of the Senate Democrats—in a partisan vote—voted to include this similar language as part of ObamaCare. Groups such as NARAL, the National Abortion Rights Action League, pro-tested that the language ‘‘went far be-yond even the Hyde Amendment.’’ Yet 60 Democrats, including the then-ma-jority leader—now minority leader— voted for that in the wee hours of Christmas Eve 2009. 
Again, I ask our friends who are fili-
bustering this bipartisan piece of legis-lation designed to help the victims of human trafficking: Isn’t it true that in 2009, 58 Senate Democrats voted to re-authorize the Children’s Health Insur-ance Program, which like Medicaid is subject to the Hyde Amendment? 
To each of those questions, the 
record would demonstrate they should be answered with a resounding yes. 
So time and time again, our col-
leagues on the other side of the aisle, who now find themselves in the inex-plicable position of filibustering a bill they are cosponsoring or which they have already voted for in the Judiciary Committee and which contains very similar restrictions on the use of the funding—how in the world have they decided to make the stand, here and now, denying even the opportunity they have been given by the majority leader to have an up-or-down vote to 
strip the language out that they object to? 
Well, despite the hypocrisy of their 
position, the question this really boils down to is this. This is the question, the only question that really matters: To our colleagues who are filibustering this legislation, Are you prepared to turn your back on the thousands of people living every day in bondage and who are desperately clinging to the hope that someone—someone—will lend them a helping hand? Are you pre-pared to abandon these children and these other victims of human traf-ficking who deserve a roof over their head, someone to lean on, and some-how, some way to get a fresh start in life? 
Do our colleagues who are filibus-
tering this legislation really want to play politics with such a sensitive and vulnerable part of our population over an issue that some advocates have called a phantom problem? The reason why some advocates who support this legislation have called the objection of the Democratic leader a phantom prob-lem is because not only have they voted for similar provisions over and over and over again, this essentially has been the settled law of the land for 39 years—since 1976. Just in case our colleagues think that the examples I mentioned are exclusive, there are a number of other provisions—32 Demo-crats voted for the so-called CR omni-bus, the continuing resolution omni-bus, in December. Thirty-two Demo-crats voted for that which contained very similar language. And I men-tioned several others. 
I want to conclude with the Wash-
ington Post editorial for today. I do not always find myself in agreement with the Washington Post editorial board, but this morning I think they encapsulated the Democratic filibuster of the bipartisan antitrafficking bill perfectly. In urging the Senate to pass this legislation, they wrote: ‘‘[T]his week the question will be whether Sen-ators can put the interests of scared, abused children ahead of the chance to score political points.’’ I could not agree more. 
So tomorrow morning, an hour after 
we convene, we will have a vote that will decide whether this legislation goes on to final passage. We need six brave Democrats—six brave Demo-crats—to join all the Republicans on this side to keep hope alive for these victims of human trafficking. We need six Democrats who are willing to break away from the tyranny of their party’s own leadership here in the Senate and do what they know is the right thing to do. They know it in their heart, and they know it in their mind, and they know they have supported similar lan-guage in legislation time and time again. 
We need six Democrats willing to 
break away from the mindless, heart-less filibuster of this legislation. I hope they will examine their conscience. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.002 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1513 March 16, 2015 
hope they will ask themselves, Isn’t 
this exactly the kind of vote that I came here to the U.S. Senate to cast? I hope they will pray on it, and I hope they will think long and hard before saying no to the abused children and the victims of human trafficking. 
That is what this is all about. It is 
not based on any Hyde amendment lan-guage in this legislation. It is based on a determination to render this institu-tion dysfunctional, not because of any principal policy disagreement, because, as I point out, our colleagues on the other side have voted for similar lan-guage time and time and time again. 
Our colleagues on the other side real-
ize that on November 4, the voters re-jected the then-majority and gave this side of the aisle the opportunity to serve in the majority because, frankly, they were sick and tired of the way that Washington operates and the dys-function that prevailed here for so long. I had higher hopes that after the election we would all learn something from what the voters were telling us on November 4 and thereafter and that we would take advantage of the oppor-tunity to try to work together to find areas where we could agree, in a bipar-tisan way, to actually move the ball forward and help people who need our help. If we cannot do that on an antihuman trafficking bill, what can we possibly work together on? 
This whole phony issue of the Hyde 
amendment provision in this bill is a joke. It is a sick, sad joke, after time and time again voting for similar pro-visions in other legislation. As I point-ed out, you have 12 Democratic cospon-sors of the legislation. Do you think they did not read the legislation? That is ridiculous. Do you think their staff did not tell them what was in the legis-lation? Do you think before the Judici-ary Committee voted unanimously to pass it out people did not know what they were voting on? I do not believe that for a minute. I have too much re-spect for our colleagues and their pro-fessionalism to think they missed it. 
Our colleagues have an important 
choice to make tomorrow morning. I hope they will say yes to these victims of human trafficking and no to the kind of political gamesmanship that gives this institution a bad name. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois. 
f 
SENATE AGENDA AND 
NEGOTIATIONS WITH IRAN 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I lis-
tened to the impassioned speech by my colleague from Texas on the issue of human trafficking. There is no dispute here. This legislation is bipartisan. Democrats and Republicans are pre-pared to support the bill that has been offered on human trafficking by Repub-lican Senator C
ORNYN and Democratic 
Senator K LOBUCHAR . There are amend-
ments pending I think which improve the bill—one by Senator L
EAHY about 
runaway children. In fact, we are so prepared to do this that we have put 
together a comprehensive substitute amendment to what has just been de-scribed which could be quickly passed on the floor. I do not believe there would be more than a handful of Sen-ators voting no. I certainly would sup-port the passage of the Leahy version. 
What is the difference? Senator C
OR-
NYN has injected into this important 
issue a side issue, but not an incon-sequential one, on the Hyde amend-ment. 
Henry Hyde was a Congressman from 
Illinois who served in the House of Rep-resentatives with me for a period of time. He authored the Hyde amend-ment that said no Federal funds shall be used to pay for abortion procedures except in very limited circumstances— rape, incest, and the life of the mother. That has been put in appropriations bills every year since—without ques-tion, without challenge. 
What Senator C
ORNYN is trying to do 
is to make this permanent law, and make it part of a human trafficking bill. I do not doubt this is an important issue. I know it is because I have served in the House and the Senate. But I do question whether we should make every bill that comes along a ve-hicle or carrier for debating abortion or other really controversial issues. 
This question of passing a human 
trafficking bill to protect the scores— thousands—of victims of human traf-ficking is one which would pass in a heartbeat in the Senate if the Senator from Texas would remove this con-troversial section. Senator L
EAHY has 
offered that substitute. I hope we will have an opportunity to vote on it, and vote on it soon. 
As to whether this is a reflection of a 
dysfunctional Congress, well, most of the people back in Illinois and Chicago whom I run into—particularly this weekend—have raised that issue from time to time, and I can see where the argument could be made. We now have a Congress controlled by Republicans— the House and the Senate—and the White House, obviously, with a Demo-cratic President. It is a tough political terrain under the best of cir-cumstances, and we certainly have not been facing the best of circumstances for a long time. There are just a lot of differences between the House and the Senate and the President and the White House, and many of those are manifest. 
What was the first bill the Repub-
lican majority in the Senate called— No. 1, Senate bill 1? The Keystone Pipeline—a bill to authorize the con-struction of a pipeline owned by a Ca-nadian company in the United States. That was the highest priority for the Senate Republicans. The President said at the outset: Do not try to preempt my authority as President. I will veto it. 
But they insisted. We went through 
several weeks—2 or 3 weeks—of amend-ments, and we cooperated on the Democratic side. I think there might have been 30 or more amendments of-
fered during that period of time. In the end, the bill passed with six or eight Democratic votes, was sent to the President, and was vetoed. 
So the first 3 weeks were spent on 
this politically controversial issue, for which, at the end of the day, the Presi-dent’s veto was sustained, and it was wiped off the slate. 
Then we went into a rather bizarre 
chapter here where the House Repub-licans insisted that before—before— they would fund the Department of Homeland Security—you know, the folks at the airport, the people who are guarding our borders—before they would fund the Department of Home-land Security to guard us against ter-rorism, we had to vote on five separate riders relative to the President’s immi-gration Executive orders. 
They held up this appropriation—giv-
ing partial funding to it week after week after week—until we finally said: Enough is enough. Fund this agency that keeps us safe. Stop playing polit-ical games with this issue. It went back and forth and back and forth. An-other 3 weeks were wasted on this issue before finally—finally—on a bipartisan basis we passed this measure funding the Department of Homeland Security and said to the House of Representa-tives: Please, stop putting extraneous issues on important matters like fund-ing our government. 
I thought perhaps we turned the cor-
ner and moved in a more positive way, but we are mired now over this one, small provision in this bill which Sen-ator C
ORNYN could remove in a heart-
beat. 
Then last week came a blockbuster 
issue. I did not realize a week ago today that still a week later I would be going on Chicago television being ques-tioned about a letter signed by 47 Re-publican Senators which was sent to the Ayatollah of Iran, a letter sent by 47 Republican Senators to the Aya-tollah of Iran telling him and his gov-ernment not to negotiate with the President of the United States in an ef-fort to stop Iran from developing nu-clear weapons. The author of this let-ter, Senator C
OTTON of Arkansas, and 
those who signed it, went to great lengths describing how they would, in fact, have the last word on anything negotiated by this President and that they planned on being around for a long, long time, urging the Ayatollah to not enter into negotiations with the President of the United States of America. 
There is no historic precedent for 
what just occurred—none. We have never had 47 Senators of any party send a letter to a head of state and say: Stop negotiating with the United States of America. And they did it. The press re-action across the United States has been overwhelmingly negative to this action that was taken by these 47 Sen-ators. I could go through the long list here of what newspapers across Amer-ica have said about that letter. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.003 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1514 March 16, 2015 
The Detroit Free Press said: ‘‘A blot 
on the 114th U.S. Senate.’’ 
The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette: ‘‘The 
senators who signed the letter should be ashamed.’’ 
The Salt Lake Tribune: ‘‘Cringe-wor-
thy buffoonery on the global stage’’ is how they described that letter. 
The Courier-Journal in Louisville, 
KY, asked the question: ‘‘Has Congress gone crazy?’’ when they reflected on this letter. The Courier-Journal went on to call those who signed it: ‘‘Senate Saboteurs.’’ Those are their words, not mine. 
The Salt Lake Tribune said: ‘‘. . . the 
foolish, dangerous and arguably felo-nious attempt by the Obama Derange-ment Caucus of the Senate. . . .’’ 
The Kansas City Star said: ‘‘Was Iran 
letter traitorous or just treacherous for GOP [Senators]. . . .’’ 
The Los Angeles Times called it ‘‘in-
sulting.’’ They said: ‘‘The Republican senators’ meddling in that responsi-bility is outrageous.’’ 
It goes on and on. I won’t read them 
all. It doesn’t get any better. It gets worse. And to think that 47 Republican Senators would try to preempt any President of the United States. 
Today in Geneva, Switzerland, 
former Senator and current Secretary of State John Kerry sits down at a ne-gotiating table across from Iran. On our side of the table are major allies trying to stop the development of a nu-clear weapon in Iran. They will strug-gle. Maybe they will never reach an agreement. But what the 47 Senators said in a letter to the Ayatollah of Iran will not help. 
What is the alternative? If these ne-
gotiations fail, the alternative is Iran develops a nuclear weapon and endan-gers not only Israel but the Middle East and far beyond, and triggers an arms race in the Middle East for nu-clear weapons. That is an outrageous, unacceptable outcome. Or, military ac-tion. Military action by Israel, per-haps, as Prime Minister Netanyahu suggested 2 weeks ago; military action by the United States. Is it worth our time to be negotiating to try to find a peaceful resolution, to try to find a way for Iran to stop developing nuclear weapons with verifiable inspections? We won’t take them at their word. There have to be inspections. Or is it better, as these 47 Republican Senators insisted, to walk away from the table? I think it is far better to continue these negotiations. I don’t know if they will end up with a good agreement, but don’t we owe it to our President, our Secretary of State, our government, our country, to at least see these nego-tiations through and then to read the agreement before 47 Senators send a letter condemning it and rejecting it? It was a sad day. But now let’s turn the corner. 
The first thing we should do this 
week—the absolute first thing we should do—is approve the President’s nominee to be Attorney General. Lo-retta Lynch appeared before our Judi-ciary Committee. Senator H
ATCH was 
there, and I think he may even concede what I am about to say: No one laid a glove on this magnificent lady—a pros-ecutor with a spotless record; an Afri-can American with a life story about witnessing the civil rights movement as it unfolded in this country in the 1960s; an extraordinarily good person— good family, good background, impec-cable credentials. There wasn’t a single thing said about her that would stop anyone voting for her. 
Now her nomination has been sitting 
for 128 days since it was announced. They are trying to set a record on the Republican side: No nominee for Attor-ney General has languished that long in the last 30 years. If they have a com-plaint about this lady, let them say so. Their complaint: She was chosen by President Barack Obama. That is not good enough. 
This week, let us rise above the poli-
tics which have dominated the Senate since this session began. Let us do something constructive—approve this Attorney General, take this offensive section out of this bill, and move it for passage. We can get it done in a matter of hours. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
LEGISLATION 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, today 
we will again resume consideration of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. This is an important bill to me. I have been working on it for many years. Without a doubt, this legislation is incredibly important. 
Right now in this country there are 
thousands of human beings—mainly young people—living as slaves. Women and children are stolen from their homes, stripped of their God-given rights, and robbed of their human dig-nity. These individuals live among us. They live in our neighborhoods and in our suburbs, our biggest cities and our smallest towns. They live in a world of silence, fear, hopelessness, and un-speakable suffering. 
The State Department estimates 
that up to 17,500 individuals are traf-ficked to the United States every year. The majority of these are women and children. Some of them are forced into a life of unpaid servitude, many others into sex work. Worldwide, the Inter-national Labor Organization estimates that 4.5 million people are currently enslaved through sex trafficking. These numbers are staggering, but they only illustrate the scope of the problem. The suffering of each individual victim should not be lost in a sea of statistics. For victims of human trafficking, the surreal horror of their lives bears testi-mony to the gravity of the crime. 
A number of my colleagues on both 
sides of the aisle have worked tire-lessly to update our legal framework for fighting this scourge. I wish to commend them for their efforts, espe-
cially the senior Senator from Texas, the senior Senator from Minnesota, and the chairman of the Judiciary Committee. Their efforts represent ex-actly the sort of work that should be the mission of this body: working across the aisle to produce workable solutions to the most pressing prob-lems facing our Nation. 
The majority leader also merits 
praise for his decision to take up this bill and his unwavering support for it. Far too often, his predecessor focused the Senate’s time and efforts on taking partisan messaging votes and abusing the rules to score political points. By prioritizing the consideration of impor-tant bipartisan legislation such as this—and by restoring this body’s tra-ditions of fulsome debate, an open amendment process, and regular order through the committee system—our new majority is putting the Senate back to work for the American people. While the sailing has not always been totally smooth—it rarely is—the progress we have seen in restoring this institution to its proper role as a pro-ductive legislative body is both real and meaningful. 
Given the progress we have made 
thus far, the logjam that is currently impeding our progress on this impor-tant legislation is extremely dis-appointing. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle have claimed that we somehow supposedly snuck a con-troversial abortion provision into an otherwise uncontroversial bill. 
This claim is unequivocally ridicu-
lous. First, the language in question was by no means snuck into the bill. It was in the bill when it was introduced at the beginning of this Congress. It was in the bill when those of us on the Judiciary Committee took part in an extensive markup of the bill. It was in the bill when it passed unanimously out of committee. It was in the bill when we undertook its consideration here on the floor. In fact, there were Democratic cosponsors of this bill. 
Moreover, not only was this language 
in the bill from the beginning, but it has also been the law of the land for nearly four decades. Democrats in this body have supported countless other bills with similar language, including even ObamaCare. 
Abortion is obviously a divisive and 
sensitive issue. While I am strongly pro-life, I recognize that many of my friends passionately disagree with me on this issue. As Members of this insti-tution, it is incumbent upon us to re-spect the sincere beliefs of our col-leagues with whom we disagree and to work toward responsible governing ar-rangements. 
The Hyde amendment represents 
such a sensible and appropriate ar-rangement. It is predicated on the com-monsense notion that while we may vigorously disagree on whether life should be protected before birth, we can broadly agree that taxpayer money should not be used—should not be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.004 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1515 March 16, 2015 
used—to fund a procedure that many 
Americans—in fact a majority, accord-ing to a number of polls—consider to be murder. 
The responsible way for each of us to 
approach this bill, regardless of our view on abortion, is to embrace this long-standing, commonsense com-promise on abortion funding and focus on passing the underlying measure—a bill that is so critical to our efforts to fight human trafficking and help al-leviate the suffering of victims. 
To hold up the passage of this bill to 
pick a fight over the Hyde amendment represents an unambiguous dereliction of Senators’ individual duties to re-sponsibly legislate. 
Unfortunately, that is exactly what 
my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have done. They are now threat-ening a filibuster unless we agree to their extreme pro-abortion position on this issue. There ought to be six of them who will stand up and vote with us and get this bill passed. 
In response, the majority leader of-
fered an eminently reasonable com-promise—an up-or-down vote on an amendment to strip out the language to which they are suddenly objecting. But the minority leader objected, de-manding a guarantee that the provi-sion be removed. By doing so, the mi-nority leader is once again resorting to outrageous ‘‘my way or the highway’’ tactics that are the antithesis of how the Senate should work. It is a move out of the same playbook that he used to give us a calendar full of messaging votes last year meant to produce polit-ical theater rather than meaningful legislation. 
This ploy plainly demonstrates the 
desire of the minority leadership to muck up the majority’s efforts to exer-cise reliable leadership, no matter the cost to the victims of human traf-ficking. By resorting to this sort of ob-struction, they have demonstrated how desperately they want to derail our ef-forts to legislate responsibly and in-stead resort to their tired and discred-ited war-on-women rhetoric to win cheap political points. 
Let me repeat a point I have repeat-
edly made about this impasse—words that the minority leader has tried to manipulate to support his shameful gambit. For all of my colleagues who are tempted by this irresponsible strat-egy: It would be pathetic to hold up this bill. This bill is absolutely critical to our families and our children. 
I cannot believe the Senate has be-
come so political that my colleagues would raise this issue—this tangential, long-settled issue at this time—after the same transparently clear language passed unanimously out of the Judici-ary Committee. 
For my colleagues to hold up this bill 
in an effort to impose their extreme policy, to overturn the law of the land that has long enjoyed bipartisan sup-port, to pick a false fight over abor-tion, or to try to embarrass the major-ity is itself embarrassing. I urge my colleagues in the minority 
in the strongest possible terms to re-consider their position and allow the Senate, once again, to do the people’s business. 
Madam President, I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. COATS. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
A NUCLEAR IRAN 
Mr. COATS. Madam President, I rise 
to discuss what many believe is the most dangerous threat to our national security, and that is a nuclear Iran. 
Over the past few weeks, there have 
been a lot of discussions about the Obama administration’s ongoing nego-tiations with Iran and what the role of Congress should be. I believe the debate this past week in Congress over how to best address this issue has distracted us from what I believe are the two key objectives in our effort to prevent Iran from achieving nuclear weapons capa-bility. First, Iran must be prevented from getting the bomb, and second, we in the Senate must decide the best way to guarantee that result. 
For the past 10 years, I have been 
working hard to find the most accept-able and best way to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons capability. Note that word ‘‘capability.’’ 
For me, it has long been not enough 
to just announce that we must not allow Iran to get a nuclear weapon. I am determined that Iran must not get the technical capability to manufac-ture such a weapon because a nuclear weapons-capable Iran is as dangerous as a nuclear-armed Iran because it throws up a cloud of ambiguity about its formal intentions. 
There are many in the policy commu-
nities who find some mistaken sense of comfort from the intelligence agencies’ current view that Iran has not yet made a formal decision to develop a nuclear weapon. This is a delusion. Iran’s industrial-strength uranium en-richment enterprise has gone from 600 centrifuges 6 years ago when the inter-national community first expressed alarm to 19,000 today. We know the Ayatollah is on a quest for 190,000 cen-trifuges as soon as international con-straints are removed. 
Let’s state the obvious: The Iranian 
pursuit of uranium enrichment is not being created to manufacture medical isotopes and reactor fuel for producing electricity; its purpose is to produce nuclear bombs. 
Throughout my many years of in-
volvement on this issue—as cochair of the task force at the Bipartisan Policy Center along with former Senator Chuck Robb and a distinguished panel of experts and in the last 4 years here in the Senate—I have called for using 
the full range of tools to prevent Iran from reaching its nuclear goal. These include negotiations coupled with ever- increasing sanctions pressure and a credible threat of the use of military force if the negotiations and sanctions fail to lead to Iran’s commitment to cease its pursuit of nuclear weapons ca-pability. This continues to be my view. 
I do believe in diplomacy. I would 
very much like to see effective negotia-tions take place, led by insightful dip-lomats, focused on the right results. I would like to see that lead to a settle-ment that brings security and con-fidence. But we have every reason to fear this is not now happening. 
I don’t want to destroy the negotia-
tions track, but I do want to refocus it with the firm backing it requires to achieve the goal we need to reach. I don’t want to demand everything from the Iranians, but I do want to require enough to guarantee they give up on their nuclear weapons ambitions. I don’t want to torpedo the administra-tion’s diplomatic efforts, but I do want to require that Congress have the final say on whether the results of negotia-tions are acceptable and achieve the goals of preventing Iran’s nuclear weapons capability. 
For me and I trust for the Senate, 
this is our most important task of the moment—to force the President to ac-cept a congressional role. He has said repeatedly that he will deny us that role when it comes to approving any agreement. We must not let that hap-pen. 
The reason I did not sign the open 
letter to Iran is not because I disagreed with the goals of the letter. All Senate Republicans and, I believe, many Sen-ate Democrats, are in agreement on the overall objective of avoiding a bad deal with Iran. But the strategy we need to accomplish this essential goal is now in question, and we are divided now in a way that makes this goal harder to achieve. 
There are two bills pending that 
would require the President to present any Iran deal to us for review and ac-tion, and this is the course I believe we should take. One, which I cosponsored, has been introduced by both Senators K
IRKand M ENENDEZ —a bipartisan ef-
fort. The other, coauthored by Sen-ators C
ORKER and M ENENDEZ —also bi-
partisan—I also support. The latter bill, which would require Congress to approve any deal with Iran, is very close to achieving the support of 67 or more Senators needed to overturn President Obama’s promised veto of any legislation on this topic. 
Lack of bipartisan consensus at this 
moment on this issue is likely to lead to a fatally flawed deal that destroys more than a decade of effort to bring Iran to cease its goal of nuclear weap-ons capability. 
We all know now that the Obama ad-
ministration abandoned the core objec-tives at the very outset, even before these talks began. Four U.N. Security 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.006 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1516 March 16, 2015 
Council resolutions; frequent and con-
stant demands coming from this Cham-ber; four Presidents—two Republicans and two Democrats—saying a nuclear- capable Iran is unacceptable; the firm position of AIPAC and other friends of Israel—all stated the necessity that Iran give up and shut down all its ura-nium-enriching centrifuges. Yet this goal was jettisoned before the talks even started. The Obama administra-tion spokesmen, including Secretary Kerry himself, have explained repeat-edly that it was just too hard to achieve. We must be more realistic, we are told. The Iranians, we are told, can never be expected to agree to the de-mands laid down years ago by the Se-curity Council. That was then, they said. This is now. Everything has changed. We have to set that goal aside, and we have to reach some rea-sonable agreement with a reasonable process with a reasonable country. The word we need to question there is ‘‘rea-sonable.’’ 
Madam President, it appears my time 
is running out, but I notice that no other Member is here to speak, so I ask unanimous consent to speak for just 3 more minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. COATS. Madam President, I 
thank the Chair. 
But even leaving that shocking capit-
ulation aside, we can never expect that the Iranians would negotiate under those conditions. We can now focus on the key fatal flaw of this agreement. It has been simmering for months, but it is now boiling over onto the front pages of our national attention thanks to the presentation by the Prime Min-ister of Israel, and that is the sunset clause. 
We now see that even if Iran is con-
strained by this agreement and even if in the most unlikely of worlds Iran fully complies with the agreement, at the end of a decade or so, Iran will be fully liberated to pursue nuclear capa-bilities with no limitations or con-straints whatsoever—a free hand, a blank check to go forward, an Iran that will have wealth, the technical exper-tise, industrial infrastructure, the will, and, if given a sunset provision, the international acquiescence to do what-ever they like to pursue their goal without any ability of us to stop it. They can do whatever they like. 
Ten years—oh, that is a long time 
out. Ten years is tomorrow afternoon. It is a blink of the eye. 
Such a sunset clause makes this en-
tire enterprise unacceptable. Any agreement that contains a sunset clause must be rejected, and any agree-ment with Iran that does not impose permanent restraints on their nuclear ambitions is no agreement at all. We in the Senate have it within our ability and mandate to guarantee that hap-pens, but to do so, we need to reach consensus across the aisle. We need to work together as Republicans and Democrats for the future security of our Nation, and for that matter, all na-
tions. 
There are a number of issues on 
which we don’t agree. There are a num-ber of things on which we have dif-ferent thoughts about how to proceed. But this is an issue of such historic consequence and such potential harm that we must find a way to work to-gether to ensure our ability to undo what looks like is coming our way. So I plead with and I urge my colleagues— all my colleagues, Republicans and Democrats—to rise above any political considerations and work together to ensure that this Senate can prevent Iran from getting the bomb. History and future generations and our chil-dren and our grandchildren will judge what we do here now, and may that judgment be the right judgment for not just the future of our Nation but for the future of the world. 
Madam President, with that, I yield 
the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LYNCH NOMINATION 
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, last 
week the majority leader announced that he would finally schedule a vote for this week on the nomination of Lo-retta Lynch to be our next Attorney General. But as of today no date has been set. The Senate majority leader is now threatening to further delay a vote on this highly qualified nominee until after the Senate has concluded its debate on the human trafficking bill. 
Now, there is really no good reason 
for Senate Republicans to continue dragging their feet on scheduling a vote on Ms. Lynch’s nomination. I have been here long enough to know we can debate legislation and vote on nomina-tions at the same time, and to say oth-erwise is a hollow excuse. In fact, last Thursday we voted on four other execu-tive nominations while we were on the human trafficking bill. We are actually going to vote on two more executive nominations this evening while we are on the human trafficking bill. 
All Senators who agree on the impor-
tance of ending human trafficking also know it is important to confirm Loret-ta Lynch as our Nation’s top law en-forcement officer. She has a proven track record of prosecuting human trafficking and child rape crimes. This is not just somebody who just talks about it and says how much they are opposed to human trafficking, as though anybody were in favor of human trafficking. 
This not just someone who says she 
is opposed to child rape cases, as though anybody here were going to say they are in favor of it. She has actually 
prosecuted them. Over the course of the last decade, the U.S. attorney’s of-fice that Ms. Lynch leads has indicted over 55 defendants in sex trafficking cases and rescued over 110 victims of sex trafficking. We stand here on the floor talking about these issues. She actually does it. 
So I think she and the American peo-
ple have waited long enough. President Obama announced the nomination of Ms. Lynch 4 months ago. The Judiciary Committee reported her nomination with bipartisan support 18 days ago. By tomorrow—we talk about whether we move fast or not. By tomorrow, her nomination will have been pending on the Senate floor longer than all of the past five attorneys general combined. 
Take a look at this. Here is Loretta 
Lynch. She has been pending on the floor now for 18 days. This is, of course, with the months she had to wait before that. Now, Attorneys General Holder, Mukasey, Gonzales, Ashcroft, and Reno had to wait a total of 18 days pending after their nominations came out—so five of them, one of her. She has had to wait as long as five of them had to wait. 
We also pointed out the amount of 
time—I look at the amount of time it took—for the four men who preceded her. All four of those men went through so much faster than she has. We happened to have a vote out of com-mittee. Janet Reno took 1 day. John Ashcroft, who I helped get through the committee, although I did not support him, took 2 days. Alberto Gonzales took 8 days; Michael Mukasey, 2 days, and Eric Holder, 5 days. 
This delay is an embarrassment to 
the Senate. Her qualifications are be-yond reproach. But the Senate Repub-lican leadership continues to delay a vote on her confirmation despite her impeccable credentials. Now, when she is confirmed, we know that Loretta Lynch will be the first African-Amer-ican woman to serve our country as At-torney General. But instead of moving forward with this historic nomination, Senate Republicans appear intent on making history for all of the wrong reasons. 
As David Hawkings wrote in a Roll 
Call article dated March 12: 
Lynch is on a course to be confirmed this 
month after the longest wait ever for a nominee to be attorney general—and very likely by the closest vote ever to put a new 
person in charge of the Justice Department. 
We want to send the signal that we 
are tough on crime. We want to send the signal that we want to get these traffickers. We want to send a signal that people who commit crimes, wheth-er they are Republicans or Democrats, should go to jail. Yet we refuse to con-firm the person who has actually done all of those things. It appears that some want to simply refuse to allow a vote on her nomination, effectively shirking the constitutional duty of the Senate to provide advice and consent. 
One Republican Senator even tweeted 
on the weekend about the need to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.008 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1517 March 16, 2015 
block her historic nomination. Then, in 
case you overlooked why he was doing that, he included a link to a political fundraising Web site. We have always kept law enforcement—the FBI Direc-tor, the Attorney General, anybody in law enforcement—out of politics. For a Senator to tweet that we have to block this person, and oh, by the way, here is where you can contribute to a political campaign—that is wrong. 
It seems likely the Senate will have 
to file a cloture motion to vote to over-come the filibuster of her nomination. That is unprecedented; it is unwar-ranted. No other Attorney General nomination in our history has ever been met with a filibuster. We have never needed to have a cloture vote on an Attorney General nomination. Yet it seems Republican leadership wants to make history for all the wrong rea-sons. 
I mention this to give us an idea. 
President George Bush in the last 2 years of his term—now a lameduck President—nominated Michael Mukasey for Attorney General. 
Michael Mukasey was being sent be-
cause the last Attorney General had done a disastrous job—even though he had been voted for by, I think, all Re-publicans—people will accept the fact now that he politicized the prosecu-tors’ offices and everything else, and fi-nally the Bush administration had to get rid of him. 
I had just become chairman again, as 
Democrats had taken back the Senate. I moved Attorney General Mukasey through even though I did not support him. I felt the President should have a vote on his Attorney General. I moved him through in record time. 
She has waited so much more time, 
multiple times longer than Mukasey. 
This is especially troubling and un-
fair because Ms. Lynch’s qualifications for the job are so extraordinary. And her life story is equally extraordinary. Born in Greensboro and raised in Dur-ham, NC, Loretta Lynch is the daugh-ter of a fourth-generation Baptist preacher and a school librarian. They instilled in her the American values of fairness and equality, even when those around them were not living up to those values. Ms. Lynch has spoken about riding on her father’s shoulders to their church where students orga-nized peaceful protests against racial segregation. The freedom songs and the church music that went hand-in-hand with those protests undoubtedly made up the soundtrack of her childhood. The Judiciary Committee was honored to have her father, Rev. Lorenzo Lynch, with us not only at both days of her historic hearing in January but also with us when the committee con-sidered his daughter’s nomination in February. 
When Loretta Lynch was a young 
child, Reverend Lynch bravely opened his church’s basement to the students and others who organized lunch counter sit-ins in North Carolina. He taught his only daughter that ‘‘ideals are wonderful things, but unless you 
can share them with others and make this world a better place, they’re just words.’’ The fact that she has dedicated the majority of her career to public service reaffirms that she has lived those ideals of justice in the service of others. And yet, Senate Republicans appear intent on preventing her from continuing her service—service that we should be honored to have. 
Two weekends ago, Ms. Lynch trav-
eled to Selma to honor the 50th anni-versary of the historic march across the Edmund Pettus Bridge, where scores of courageous Americans were beaten and trampled on Bloody Sunday because they refused to be silent about the need for equal protection under the law. It was a weekend when both Democrats and Republicans came to-gether. President Obama stood there with President George W. Bush beside him, who had signed the last Voting Rights Act. They honored the civil rights activists of 50 years ago. 
But I also felt it was a time to reaf-
firm our shared commitment to Ameri-cans, as Americans, and the ideals of justice and equality that so many of our predecessors have fought and bled for, from our Founding Fathers to the foot soldiers for justice on that bridge in Selma. 
Loretta Lynch embodies these ideals. 
She has devoted her career to making them a reality. It is time for Repub-licans and Democrats to come together to confirm this outstanding woman to be the next Attorney General. It is time to stop delaying and making ex-cuses for how she is being treated. It is time to vote. 
This is reflecting badly on all law en-
forcement. I hear from so many in law enforcement saying: Why are you po-liticizing this nomination? Republicans and Democrats have usually kept law enforcement out of politics. Why is this? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time 
of the Senator has expired. Senators are limited to 10 minutes each. 
Mr. LEAHY. Are we on the traf-
ficking act? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, we 
are in morning business. 
Mr. LEAHY. When do we go on the 
trafficking act? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business has expired. 
Mr. LEAHY. I seek recognition. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF 
TRAFFICKING ACT OF 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of S. 178, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: A bill (S. 178) to provide justice for the vic-
tims of trafficking. 
Pending: 
Portman amendment No. 270, to amend the 
Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to enable State child protective services sys-tems to improve the identification and as-sessment of child victims of sex trafficking. 
Portman amendment No. 271, to amend the 
definition of ‘‘homeless person’’ under the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act to include certain homeless children and youth. 
Vitter amendment No. 284 (to amendment 
No. 271), to amend section 301 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act to clarify those classes of individuals born in the United States who are nationals and citizens of the United States at birth. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, ear-
lier this month, two Florida men were charged with human trafficking. They drugged a runaway 16-year-old girl. Then they forced her to have sex with up to 10 men a day. They sold her to men in a gas station bathroom. They sold her on the street and they sold her in the back of a car. 
She was 16 years old. She had run 
away from home. She was terribly vul-nerable. They promised her food, then they beat her, drugged her, and sold her. When she escaped, they tracked her down, beat her, and sold her again. 
All of us—I think we should have an 
agreement that Democrats and Repub-licans alike must remember the many other survivors of this heinous crime. 
We have been working for almost 1 
year on bipartisan proposals to protect these vulnerable children, count the survivors, and then punish those who put them through this hell. This effort had strong bipartisan support until partisan politics was injected into the debate. 
The fight against human trafficking 
should not be made into a partisan issue to score political points. That is unfortunately where we are today. Ev-eryone expected this legislation to move smoothly through the Senate, I know I did, just as it did through the House. Instead, Senate Republicans have turned away from a comprehen-sive solution that can garner broad support. 
I am deeply saddened by this partisan 
fight. It is both destructive and unnec-essary. It is destructive because it threatens to derail important legisla-tion that would make a difference in the lives of survivors—such as the 16- year-old girl in Florida. 
This partisan fight is unnecessary be-
cause abortion politics have no place in this debate. Congress has a long his-tory of passing legislation to address human trafficking. We have consist-ently done so without abortion politics being injected into the discussion. 
I know we have passed the Violence 
Against Women Act. We included a trafficking amendment of mine in that. While I was disappointed that a num-ber of my Republicans colleagues voted against the Violence Against Women Act, which had the sex trafficking 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.012 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1518 March 16, 2015 
amendment in it, we still passed it by 
a bipartisan majority, as did the House of Representatives, and the President signed it into law. 
So I was pleased we were able to get 
that significant piece of legislation passed, even though many in this body who say why aren’t we passing this voted against the Violence Against Women Act with the sexual trafficking amendment. 
But I wish to make clear to everyone 
that this partisan provision that has now popped up is not something that survivors of human trafficking are ask-ing for. It is not something experts in the field who work with them every day are asking for. We should look at these experts who know what is going on and ask them what it is they want. They do not want this. 
In fact, those who are closest to the 
damage wreaked by this terrible crime are asking all of us, Senate Repub-licans and Democrats, to take out this provision. They are asking us to put politics aside and to focus on the needs of those who have lived through a hell we will never understand. 
Holly Austin Smith, a survivor, was a 
girl who ran away at the age of 14 and was bought and sold for sex. She put it this way when she testified before our committee: 
Politics should not govern the options 
available to victims of sex trafficking—espe-cially when such victims often have had their basic human rights taken away by criminals who had only their own agendas in mind. 
So I think we have to stand with 
these human trafficking survivors. We have to put aside our agendas. They are asking us to take out this unneces-sary provision and move the bill for-ward to address their urgent needs. 
I support the rest of Senator C
OR-
NYN’s bill, and that is why I included it 
in the comprehensive substitute amendment I filed last week. Also in-cluded in my substitute is a vital com-ponent to prevent human trafficking by focusing on runaway and homeless youth. 
If we are serious about helping to end 
this heinous crime, we should be talk-ing about all the good ideas to expand the protections of trafficking victims. Don’t try to score partisan points. We should all come together to protect these vulnerable kids. That is why we are here. I am confident that if we re-member these children, Republicans and Democrats, we can move forward and return to the bipartisan path we have always walked on this issue. 
One of the reasons I have that 
amendment—talking about preventing is one thing and we should prosecute those people who do this—but wouldn’t it be that much better for the victims if we could prevent it from happening in the first place? 
I have spoken before of the night-
mares I still have from some of the cases I prosecuted when I was 26 years old and the chief prosecutor for one- quarter of my State. I looked at these victims and the ages of my own chil-
dren, and all I wanted to do was to get—and did—the people who per-petrated these crimes, prosecute them, and convict them. 
We should prosecute people who do 
this, but I also thought how much bet-ter it would have been if we had pro-grams that would have given these peo-ple somewhere they could turn to be-fore they became victims, some way to protect them so we wouldn’t see it afterward. 
I said on the floor the other night 
that in preparing for these trials, the people I prosecuted, I wouldn’t bring paperwork home in the evening to do it. I stayed in my office and prepared it. One, I didn’t want to take the chance that one of my then-young chil-dren might see some of the photo-graphs I was going to introduce into evidence—but I also didn’t want them to see their father crying and wonder why, because I always tried to tell them the truth. I was not about to tell these young children the truth of what I was seeing. 
Instead, I would tell the truth to the 
jury and the jury would convict, but even the jury wishes it had never hap-pened in the first place. 
The National Network for Youth sent 
a letter saying: 
The National Network for Youth is writing 
this letter with the hope that the U.S. Sen-ate will remove the partisan piece of the Jus-tice for Victims of Trafficking Act. This leg-islation is desperately needed and we cannot let this moment pass us by because of the ad-dition of partisan and divisive provisions. 
The National Network for Youth is 
saying: Let’s go back to why both Re-publicans and Democrats wanted this legislation—to stop trafficking, to help the victims of trafficking, and not to score political points. 
Just as the majority of this body 
voted for the Leahy-Crapo bill, the Vio-lence Against Women Act, which had a provision on sexual trafficking, a ma-jority voted for it, Republicans and Democrats—I wish that others—I wish everybody in this body voted for it. 
I understand that some who now 
strongly support the partisan part of the trafficking bill voted against the Violence Against Women Act. Each Senator has the right to vote as he or she wants. 
But I find it strange that they say: 
Let’s go forward with this partisan pro-vision, when only 1 year ago or so those same Senators who are now saying we should go forward with this voted against the Violence Against Women Act. The very same Senators voted against it. 
Let’s get out of politics. That was a 
good act. It had a very strong sex traf-ficking provision, which fortunately also was accepted by the House of Rep-resentatives and signed into law by the President. Senator C
RAPO and I set 
aside politics so we could pass that bill. That is what we should do today. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. SESSIONS. I appreciate the work 
my colleagues have done on this traf-ficking bill. It is an important issue that deserves debate and a vote. 
LYNCH NOMINATION  
Madam President, I will say why I 
believe the Lynch nomination should not go forward. I think it is for a very important reason and, unfortunately, it is one that I think Congress has to address. 
In their wisdom, our Founders gave 
Congress certain powers as a coequal branch of government, and one of those powers was the power to confirm or not confirm nominees. Long before Ms. Lynch’s nomination was announced, I said I could not vote to confirm any candidate for Attorney General who supported the President’s unlawful Ex-ecutive amnesty. That Executive am-nesty presents big constitutional issues that we have to talk about and under-stand, and it relates directly to the powers of the executive branch versus the legislative branch. 
The Attorney General is the top law 
enforcement officer in this country, and anyone who occupies that office, must have fidelity to the laws of the United States duly passed, and to the Constitution of the United States. It is that simple. The Senate cannot con-firm any individual, must never con-firm an individual to such an office as this—the one most responsible for maintaining fidelity to law—who would support and advance a scheme that vio-lates our Constitution and eviscerates congressional authority. No person should be confirmed who would do that. 
Congress makes the laws, not the 
President, and Congress has repeatedly rejected legislation to provide am-nesty, work permits, and benefits to those who have entered our country unlawfully. If you want to receive ben-efits in the United States, you should wait your turn and come lawfully. 
We rejected such proposals in 2006, 
2007, 2010, 2013, and 2014. President Obama’s unlawful and unconstitutional Executive actions nullify the immigra-tion laws we do have that are on the books—the Immigration and Nation-ality Act—and replaces them with the very measures Congress refused to enact. That is where we are. Even King George III lacked the power to legis-late without Parliament. 
President Obama’s Executive action 
provides illegal immigrants—those who come into our country contrary to the immigration laws of the United States, which are generous indeed, allowing a million people a year to come to our country—with work authorization, photo IDs, trillions in Social Security 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.014 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1519 March 16, 2015 
and Medicare benefits, and tax credits 
of up to $35,000 a year, according to the Congressional Research Service. I think the IRS Commissioner has ad-mitted that as well. 
The President’s action has even made 
chain migration and citizenship a pos-sibility, which he said repeatedly he couldn’t do and wouldn’t do. Despite those assurances, his action opens up these possibilities as well, it appears. And, again, all of these measures were rejected by Congress. 
I discussed these issues with Ms. 
Lynch. I asked her plainly whether she supported the President’s unilateral decision to make his own immigration rules and laws. Here is the relevant portion of that hearing transcript, be-cause I wanted to be clear about it. This was during the Judiciary Com-mittee hearing when she was there as part of her confirmation process. 
Mr. Sessions: I have to have a clear answer 
to this question: Ms. Lynch, do you believe the Executive action announced by President Obama on November 20th is legal and con-stitutional? Yes or no? 
Ms. Lynch: As I’ve read the [Office of Legal 
Counsel] opinion, I do believe it is, Senator. 
Well, first, we need to understand 
something. I served 5 years as a Fed-eral prosecutor in the Department of Justice, and this is the way it works. The Office of Legal Counsel is a part of the Department of Justice. The Office of Legal Counsel is the one that has been credited with writing this pa-thetic memorandum that justified the President’s actions. But the Office of Legal Counsel works directly for the Attorney General. The Attorney Gen-eral is really the one responsible for forwarding to the President a memo-randum that says the President can do what he wanted to do. 
The President said on over 20 dif-
ferent occasions over a period of years, ‘‘I am not an emperor,’’ ‘‘I do not have the power to do this,’’ ‘‘this would be unconstitutional.’’ He made similar statements over 20 different times. Then he changed his mind as we got close to an election, for reasons that I don’t fully intend to speculate about at this time, and then he asked that he be given the power to do this. 
This puts great pressure on the Office 
of Legal Counsel, but that is one of the historic roles they fulfill—to analyze these things. They take an oath to the Constitution, and they are required to say no if the President is asking for something he is not entitled to do. They are supposed to say no, and the Attorney General is supposed to say no. 
The Attorney General could review 
the opinion of the Office of Legal Coun-sel and take it upon himself or herself to write their own opinion and submit it as the position of the Department of Justice and say the President can do this if he so desires. So that is the way the system works. 
But what I want to say, colleagues, is 
the Attorney General played a key role in this Presidential overreach. It was the Attorney General’s office that ap-
proved this overreach. And this nomi-nee says she believes this is correct. She indicated her approval, and I am sure will defend it in every court around the country and advocate for it. Some say: Well, she works for the President. No, she works for the people of the United States of America. Her salary comes from the taxpayers of this country. Her duty, on occasion, is to say no to the President; to try to help him accomplish his goals, like a 
good corporate lawyer would, but at some point you have to say: Mr. Cor-porate CEO, Mr. President of the United States, this goes too far. You can’t do this. But Ms. Lynch has indi-cated she is unwilling to do that. 
One of the most stunning features of 
the President’s actions is the mass grant of work permits for up to 5 mil-lion illegal immigrants. These immi-grants will take jobs directly from American citizens and directly from legal immigrants who have come into the country. U.S. Civil Rights Commis-sion member Peter Kirsanow has dis-cussed this issue and written at length about how allowing illegal immigrants to take jobs undermines the rights of U.S. workers—the legal rights of U.S. workers—especially African-American workers and Hispanic workers suffering from high unemployment today. 
At her confirmation hearing, I, there-
fore, asked Ms. Lynch about what she might do to protect the lawful rights of U.S. workers. Here is the simple ques-tion I placed to the person who would be the next top law enforcement officer for America. And in my preamble to the question, I noted Attorney General Holder had said that people who came to our country unlawfully and who are in our country unlawfully today have a civil right and a human right to citi-zenship in America, contrary to all law. So I asked her what she thought about this. 
Mr. Sessions: Who has more right to a job 
in this country; a lawful immigrant who’s here or [a] citizen or a person who entered the country unlawfully? 
Ms. Lynch: I believe that the right and the 
obligation to work is one that’s shared by everyone in this country regardless of how they came here. And certainly, if someone is here regardless of status, I would prefer they would be participating in the workplace than not participating in the workplace. 
What a stunning and breathtaking 
statement that is for the top law en-forcement officer in America—to say that a person has a right to work in this country regardless of how they came here. So people who enter don’t have to follow the steps that are re-quired? They do not have to establish that they have lawful justification to enter the United States and work in the United States anymore? If you can just get into the country unlawfully, then you have a right to work? And our current Attorney General Holder says they have a civil right to citizenship. 
This is not law. I don’t know what 
this is, but it is so far from law I don’t know how to express my concern about it effectively. It is unprecedented for 
someone who is seeking the highest law enforcement office in America to declare that someone who is in this country illegally has a right to a job. Make no mistake, we are at a dan-gerous time in our Nation’s history, particularly for our Republic’s legal system and our Constitution. 
I would like to quote now from Prof. 
Jonathan Turley, a Shapiro Professor of Public Interest Law at George Wash-ington University Law School, a na-tionally recognized constitutional scholar, and a self-described supporter of President Obama and most of his policies. He has been called as an ex-pert witness on various issues by Sen-ator L
EAHY and other Democrats over 
the years. He described the current state of affairs as ‘‘a constitutional tip-ping point.’’ He is referring to the Pres-idential overreach. I would like to take a moment to read from the testimony he delivered before the House of Rep-resentatives in February of last year— 9 months before the President even an-nounced this amnesty, but after the first DACA amnesty. This is what he said: 
The current passivity of Congress rep-
resents a crisis of faith for members willing to see a president assume legislative powers in exchange for insular policy gains. The short-term insular victories achieved by this President will come at a prohibitive cost if the current imbalance is not corrected. Con-stitutional authority is easy to lose in the transient shifts of politics. It is far more dif-ficult to regain. If a passion for the Constitu-tion does not motivate members, perhaps a sense of self-preservation will be enough to unify members. President Obama will not be our last president. However, these acquired powers will be passed to his successors. When that occurs, members may loathe the day that they remained silent as the power of government shifted so radically to the Chief Executive. The powerful personality that en-gendered this loyalty will be gone, but the powers will remain. We are now at the con-stitutional tipping point for our system. If balance is to be reestablished, it must begin before this President leaves office and that will likely require every possible means to reassert legislative authority. 
Now that is Professor Turley, a sup-
porter of President Obama, and a fine constitutional scholar, who is warning the U.S. Congress of the dangers to its powers that have been eroded in the re-cent months. To stop it, he says that will require Congress to use ‘‘every possible means to reassert its legisla-tive authority.’’ 
So stopping an Attorney General 
nominee—not voting to confirm an in-dividual as Attorney General—is that a legitimate power of Congress? Well, of course it is. Should we feel obligated and required to confirm someone who has announced they intend to pursue and advance legally through the pow-ers of their office an unconstitutional overreach, because the President nomi-nates that person? Is that our duty? Doesn’t Congress have a right to say: Oh no, Mr. President, we understand how this system works. You get to nominate, but you have overreached 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.015 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1520 March 16, 2015 
here and we are not going to ratify. We 
are not going to consent or approve someone who is going to continue to promote these kinds of unlawful activi-ties. 
One glaring result of Congress’s pas-
sivity is that executive branch nomi-nees no longer feel the need to be re-sponsive to congressional oversight. We are not getting sufficient answers from them. That is for sure. I think Con-gress has too often been quiet and slept on its watch. 
In the past, Members could perform 
their constitutional duty of advice and consent, for example, by withholding consent until a nominee provided infor-mation to which Congress was entitled. That is how coequal branches of gov-ernment are supposed to function. Con-gress has a duty to demand accurate information from the executive branch before providing funds to that branch, and they have a right to insist on it. They don’t have to fund any branch of government they believe is unworthy. 
When Ms. Lynch came before the 
committee, it quickly became apparent that she had no intention of being frank and providing real answers. That is a problem I think we have to con-front. 
I think the most telling example of 
this concern was illustrated by an an-swer I was given to a straightforward question I asked, which goes to the very core of this debate that we are having in America about the Presi-dent’s powers and what we should do about establishing a lawful system of immigration—one that we could be proud of, one that is systemically and fairly applied day after day. 
The question I asked her was simply 
this: 
Do you believe that President Obama has 
exceeded his executive authority in any way? If so, how? 
She answered: 
As United States Attorney for the Eastern 
District of New York, I have not been charged with determining when and whether the President has exceeded his executive au-thority. 
But that was really not a good-faith 
answer or an attempt to answer the question. 
I will wrap up and just say, in conclu-
sion, that we are dealing with huge constitutional issues. I wish it weren’t so. It is not anything personal that causes me to complain about this nominee. But in truth, we need to use the means this Congress has to defend its legitimate constitutional rights, the power it has been given to legis-late. And the President’s duties, as the chief law and executive officer of the country, are to execute the laws passed by Congress. One of the key players on his team is the Attorney General, and the Attorney General in this situation has taken a position contrary to the fundamental principles of the Constitu-tion, as Professor Turley has delin-eated with force and clarity. 
That being the case, I think Congress 
has a duty to this institution, to the laws and Constitution of this country, 
and to the American people not to con-firm someone who is not committed to those principles and, indeed, has as-serted boldly that she would continue in violation of them. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Florida. 
DEATH MASTER FILE  
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I am 
going to defer to my colleague from Connecticut, since at 5 p.m. we will be discussing the nominees which I will speak to. But before we do, I just want to point out two things to the Senate. 
First of all, the lead story of ‘‘60 Min-
utes’’ last night was about the death master file which is put out by Social Security. 
Interestingly, the story was from the 
extraordinary standpoint that a num-
ber of people are told they are dead when in fact they are very much alive and all of the horror they go through in trying to correct somebody’s having made a mistake—a clerical error—that in fact they were dead by the alter-ation of one number or a name or just sheer overlook. 
But there is another problem with 
the death master file, and we have tried and tried to get that from Social Security. Unless you have an imme-diate use—a legitimate use for the death master file to be made public, such as a life insurance company—they would have a legitimate use to know who had died so they could stop the payments. Something else the ‘‘60 Min-utes’’ program pointed out was that Medicare did not catch a lot of pay-ments going out. But unless you have a legitimate use, by suddenly putting on line the death master file, it opens up all of these Social Security numbers for criminals to come in and create a new identity, file a tax return, and get a refund on a fictitious tax return. 
I want to continue to encourage the 
Social Security Administration. They claim they don’t have the legal author-ity until we can give them the legal au-thority they are looking for. We think they have it administratively in their power not to put it out there. That is the right thing to do. 
NEGOTIATIONS WITH IRAN  
As I yield to the very distinguished 
Senator from Connecticut, a tremen-dous member of our commerce com-mittee, I want to say I was sad last week—and am still sad this week—that nearly half of the Senators of the Sen-ate sought to inject themselves by writing to the Ayatollah, trying to de-rail the negotiations that are ongoing on matters of life and death. If they don’t think Iran having a nuclear weapon is a matter of life and death, they have another thing coming. Try-ing to derail the negotiations, while in fact the negotiations are going on at the very hour of the writing of that let-ter, and still are—and we won’t know until the 24th of this month if in fact they are successful. 
I will come back when we get into 
the executive session about the nomi-nees. I look forward to hearing from 
the Senator from Connecticut. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-
dent, I am proud to follow the distin-guished Senator from Florida, and I join him in his observations of the ‘‘60 Minutes’’ show, but equally, if not more importantly, in his views on the letter that was sent to the rulers of Iran and its divisive and destructive impact on a matter that should be above partisan politics. To inject a par-tisan political issue into, literally, a matter of life and death, in my view, is unfortunate, inappropriate, and truly regrettable. 
LYNCH NOMINATION  
Equally unfortunate, regrettable, and 
inappropriate is to inject politics into law enforcement. The nomination of the chief law enforcement officer in our Nation, the Attorney General— that position truly ought to be above politics. In fact, as we know from the structure of our government, it is gen-erally regarded to be above politics. 
The President of the United States 
has his or her legal counsel to provide advice to the President, but the Attor-ney General of the United States en-forces laws for this Nation—not for one party, not for one official, not on one issue, but on all issues for all people in the United States. 
When my colleagues have said on the 
floor that the President deserves his nominee, really it is the Nation that deserves a nominee to be confirmed. 
This nominee has been delayed 
longer than any in recent history. As my colleagues have observed and as this chart illustrates, 129 days have passed since Loretta Lynch’s nomina-tion. From announcement to confirma-tion, her nomination has been delayed longer than any in recent history—in fact, longer than any in modern his-tory, putting aside the Meese nomina-tion, which was delayed because of an ongoing investigation into alleged im-proprieties. 
There is no investigation here. There 
is no question of impropriety. There has been no hint of any reason to reject the Loretta Lynch nomination. 
The American people could be for-
given for thinking that some of the Members of this body are simply look-ing for an excuse to delay or deny her nomination. 
First, it was in our hearing questions 
about her capacity and qualifications. Those reasons or potential excuses for delaying or denying her nomination were quickly extinguished. Then it was the immigration issue. That too, as an excuse for delaying or denying this nomination, has been dispensed. Now it is the antitrafficking bill. 
No reason for delay could be more in-
appropriate, because the fact of the matter is the threat to delay again her nomination is antithetical to the very goal of stopping human trafficking. If my colleagues really want to end sex exploitation and human trafficking, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.016 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1521 March 16, 2015 
they should confirm the chief law en-
forcement official who is responsible for fighting it. They should confirm the nominee who has indicated an anath-ema to this kind of abuse, who has shown her determination to fight it and to use all of the laws and poten-tially this new law in the war against human trafficking. 
The Senate is perfectly capable of 
filling this crucial position—the top law enforcement job in the Nation— even as it debates antitrafficking legis-lation. In fact, it has shown itself capa-ble of doing so just last week when two nominees to Department of Transpor-tation positions—important transpor-tation positions, as I can say person-ally, because they involve the safety and reliability of our system—even as it continued to debate the antitrafficking legislation. 
Holding the Lynch nomination hos-
tage—which is what is happening here—is a disservice to the Department of Justice but even more so to our sys-tem of justice. It undermines the integ-rity and trust in the nonpolitical na-ture of justice in this Nation. It does so at a time when vigorous and effective leadership is more important and nec-essary than ever. 
The Nation could be forgiven for as-
suming, as increasingly appears to be so, that the Lynch nomination is being held hostage or is simply a cynical ex-cuse to prevent her from getting to work on protecting the American pub-lic from human trafficking, which is so important. 
There are legitimate points of debate 
between our sides on this issue. Those points of debate and differences need to be resolved, and I hope they will be. I trust they will be. I believe that they are resolvable and that extraneous or irrelevant provisions now in the bill 
can be removed so that we can focus on stopping modern-day slavery, which is what the— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. If I may have 
another minute to finish. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Which is what 
we should be doing here, and I believe we will do it. 
Loretta Lynch has a stellar record. 
She served with incredible distinction during her time as U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York. I suggest to my colleagues that the best way to serve the purpose of stopping trafficking is to confirm her so she can get to work on enforcing that new law. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, 
we have had competing claims about who is really at fault. I think the an-swer to that question is becoming un-questionably undeniable to any fair ob-server. Actions speak louder than words and there is no denying the ac-tions of the minority party, which, be-fore this Congress, was the majority party in the Senate for 8 years. 
Even in the minority, they are up to 
their old tricks of blocking amend-ments and grinding the Senate to a 
halt. Given the distortion of the Senate rules during those 8 years, it is no won-der the American public, and perhaps even some Senators, are confused about how the Senate rules are sup-posed to work. So I wish to take a few moments to talk about a procedure in the Senate called the cloture motion. 
With cloture, the Senate is actually 
voting on the question: Is it the sense of the Senate that the debate shall be 
brought to a close? The proper use of cloture is when the Senate has had time for debate and consideration of amendments and it seems as though the Senate is getting bogged down. If a cloture vote fails, then that means the Senate has decided, as a body, to keep on considering a particular piece of legislation. This is a crucial point and one that was routinely distorted under the previous majority, and they did it for partisan ends. 
A vote against cloture is a vote to 
continue considering a bill until at least 60 Senators are satisfied they have had their say and are ready to vote a bill up or down, yea or nay. It is not always clear when the Senate has reached that point, so the bill can sometimes require several cloture votes. 
Under the previous majority leader-
ship—and now that group happens to be the Senate minority—we saw unprece-dented abuses of Senate rules to block Senators from participating in the de-liberative process. This included the repeated abuse of the cloture rule. In order to shield his Members from hav-ing to take tough votes, the previous majority leader routinely moved to shut down all consideration of a bill even before any debate took place and even before any amendments could be considered. 
As I stated, cloture is supposed to be 
used after the Senate has considered a measure for a period of time and a pre-ponderance of the Senate thinks it has deliberated enough, and not do it to end consideration of a bill before it has begun, as the previous majority leader-ship did for several years prior to this year. 
Let’s contrast how our majority lead-
er, Senator M
CCONNELL , has been run-
ning the Senate. He has not tried to block minority amendments, as was done to us when we were in the minor-ity. In fact, we have already had more than twice as many amendment votes as all of last year. 
As the manager of this bill, I have 
been running an open amendment proc-ess, and I am not afraid to have votes on amendments of all kinds. In fact, if you are fortunate enough to be elected to represent your State as a U.S. Sen-ator, it seems to me you have an obli-gation to the people of your State to offer amendments on issues that are important to your State. The Amer-ican people saw that we were serious about restoring the Senate tradition of having an open amendment process with the very first major bill we took up in this new Congress. Supporters of the Keystone Pipeline 
bill had the 60 votes to end debate, but we didn’t try to ram through the bill without consideration of amendments. We had a full, open amendment process as we are supposed to have in the U.S. Senate, because it is a deliberative and amending body. There were more than a few ‘‘gotcha’’ types of amendments from the other side, but that is OK be-cause that is how the Senate is sup-posed to operate. There was also an op-portunity, for the first time in a very long time, for Senators to get votes on substantive issues that are important to the people of their individual States. That should be a big deal for every Senator, but it was not a very big deal 
the way the Senate was run previous to this year. When Senators are blocked from participating in the legislative process, the people they represent are disenfranchised. We were not elected to serve our party leadership, but to rep-resent our State, and that is why it was so disappointing under the pre-vious majority to see Senators repeat-edly voting in lockstep with their party leadership to block amendments and end debate before it started. I think it is pretty clear from the last election that that strategy backfired in a very major way. Yet the same lead-ers, now in the minority, are up to their old tricks. 
The previous Senate leadership rou-
tinely used a tactic called filling the tree, where a former majority leader used his right of first recognition to call up his amendments and thus block out amendments from other Senators of both political parties. 
When the Senate is considering a 
number of amendments at once, it then requires unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment in order to call up a new amendment, and that is a way to prevent other Senators from then offering their amendments. If you don’t get unanimous consent to take down an amendment to make room for your amendment, you don’t get the chance to offer your amend-ment, and usually that was blocked, and that is why there were only 18 roll-call votes on amendments all last year, compared to this year. The last time I counted, so far this year we had 43 votes. 
Elections are supposed to have con-
sequences, and the consequences of the last election are that the new majority decided the Senate ought to operate as a deliberative and amending body where every Senator can participate, so Majority Leader M
CCONNELL has not 
filled the amendment tree. 
We have substantive amendments 
pending as we speak. Nevertheless, the minority leadership has been objecting to even setting aside the pending amendment or proceeding to a vote on pending amendments just as when they used the procedure of filling the amendment tree. 
After reporting the human traf-
ficking bill out of the Senate Judiciary Committee unanimously, they have de-cided there is one provision they don’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.019 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1522 March 16, 2015 
like, so after 3 days of consideration 
last week the bill has not moved for-ward. It looks as though the same trick is going on right now. Since there is an open amendment process—and that is the way Senator M
CCONNELL runs the 
Senate—we have naturally suggested that they offer an amendment if they don’t like something in this bill. They have refused to do so, and instead are holding up the entire bill from being amended and finally passed. 
So after opening the bill up to 
amendments and having considered the bill for a week, the majority leader has now filed cloture. I want to be clear what this means. Again, a vote against cloture is a vote to continue debate and consider amendments. I have voted against ending debate many times in recent years out of principle when Sen-ators were being denied their right to offer amendments. No one can say this is the case right now on this human trafficking bill. We have had a week of debate, and it is the minority party that is blocking amendments. 
Remember that many Members of 
the now minority party, when they were in the majority, were adamant that a vote against cloture is a fili-buster and that it is illegitimate to fil-ibuster. I say to my colleagues, if they truly believe filibusters are wrong and it was not just cynical political pos-turing, then you had better vote for cloture tomorrow. 
I will also note that a couple of Sen-
ators sent out a ‘‘Dear Colleague’’ let-ter at the beginning of this Congress calling again for what they term the ‘‘talking filibuster.’’ By this, those Senators mean that if you vote against ending debate, you should be prepared to talk nonstop on the Senate floor. Under their proposal, as soon as there are no Senators talking on the Senate floor, the Senate would move to a final vote. The problem with this idea under the previous leadership was that amendments were routinely blocked so it meant Senators would have to talk nonstop to preserve their right to offer an amendment with no guarantee they would ever get the chance. That is not the issue this time. 
We have allowed an open amendment 
process, and it is the minority party that is blocking amendments. So I would say to all the advocates of the so-called talking filibuster, if you do vote against cloture, you are saying you want to debate this bill more be-fore a vote is taken. In that case, you better put your money where your mouth is. 
To all of my colleagues who support 
this so-called filibuster and vote against this cloture motion, I expect to see you come down to the Senate floor and talk nonstop. You can use the time to explain to the American people why you object to moving forward with this very important bipartisan legislation to combat sex trafficking. Then when you are ready to move forward with the vote, let us know. 
I yield the floor. EXECUTIVE SESSION 
NOMINATION OF CARLOS A. 
MONJE, JR., TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF TRANSPOR-TATION 
NOMINATION OF MANSON K. 
BROWN TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF COMMERCE 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nominations, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read the nominations of Carlos A. Monje, Jr., of Louisiana, to be an As-sistant Secretary of Transportation; and Manson K. Brown, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Sec-retary of Commerce. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
OATS ). Under the previous order, there 
will be 30 minutes of debate equally di-vided in the usual form. 
The Senator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I would 
like to speak on the confirmation of both nominees, but first of all, I want to render a courtesy to the Senator from Connecticut—if he needs to com-plete his statement, I will yield to him and he can ask it in the form of a ques-tion. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. I want to ex-
press my appreciation to the Senator from Florida, whose model I am seek-ing to follow not only in expertise but also in graciousness and generosity. 
It appears to me that we are in the 
midst of yet again considering nomina-tions, so I would ask the Senator from Florida whether in his view his speak-ing now and our voting now on these nominations will detract in any way from the Senate’s consideration of the trafficking bill and whether our voting on Loretta Lynch would in any way de-tract from our consideration of the trafficking bill. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, my re-
sponse to the Senator is that, just as with the two nominees we will favor-ably consider today, which have been bipartisan, with the great support of Senator T
HUNE , the chairman of the 
Commerce Committee—those are not going to interfere with the trafficking bill. So, too, the President’s choice— which came overwhelmingly out of the Committee on the Judiciary—for At-torney General likewise would not in any way hinder the trafficking bill if, in fact, we could get up the nominee, because the votes would obviously be there. So my answer to the Senator is that clearly it would not hinder the trafficking bill. 
Mr. President, I rise in support of the 
confirmation of two public servants into leadership roles at NOAA—the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration—and the Department of Transportation. One is Admiral Man-son Brown. Admiral Brown has served our country with distinction for over 30 
years, most recently as an officer in the U.S. Coast Guard. What made him successful in the Coast Guard is going to be put to great use as Assistant Sec-retary for Environmental Observation and Prediction at NOAA. Hurricane season is right around the corner. His position is going to provide crucial guidance and accountability if that big storm starts swirling in a counter-clockwise fashion headed to the main-land. So I, this Senator from Florida, am particularly appreciative of Sen-ator T
HUNE for helping expedite this 
confirmation. 
This role will also oversee continued 
efforts to modernize NOAA. Now we are frequently launching up-to-date best technology weather satellites. NASA builds them, NASA launches them, and NOAA operates them. They are critical in giving us the refined capability to determine the ferociousness of a storm and its track. 
As a highly regarded officer, Admiral 
Brown has honed significant expertise in his leadership in the Coast Guard maritime stewardship, safety, and na-tional security. He is an engineer. 
In our Senate Commerce Committee, 
we hold Admiral Brown in such high regard that we have reported his nomi-nation favorably twice—once last Con-gress and again during our very first markup—and it was unanimous. 
The second nominee is Mr. Carlos 
Monje, an Assistant Secretary for Pol-icy. He will play a major, important role in shaping national transportation policy and priorities. 
The Department of Transportation, 
for example, plays a critical role in helping ensure safety in the airspace as well as protecting consumers. 
Last Friday, since I did not go back 
to my State, I went with the FAA Ad-ministrator to the Next Generation air traffic control modernization to see progress that is being made in the FAA research and development center at the Atlantic City Airport. NextGen cap-italizes on existing technologies, such as the GPS capability provided by the Department of Defense satellite net-work, and what it will do is make our air traffic control system safer and more efficient. 
How that works is right now we have 
a series of radars, and if it is an up-to- date radar, it will go around every 20 seconds. So you know where the air-plane was, but you don’t know where it is for the next 20 seconds—until the radar comes back around. If it is where it should be, it is in the path that was filed by the crew. 
The next generation of air traffic 
control will track that aircraft from satellites, so there will be a continuous feed of data from the aircraft to the satellites, back to the controllers on the ground. Because of that, they can space aircraft closer, and they can give them a direct route into the airport in-stead of a lot of the circular patterns they have because of the delay in the continuous tracking. As a result, they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.024 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1523 March 16, 2015 
can save a lot of money for the airlines 
because they can be more fuel efficient, instead of the present step system—if you own an airliner and you are going into an airport, you are going to go through a series of steps. Air traffic control is going to tell you to descend to such-and-such at such-and-such heading, and you are going to go there. All of this continuous conversation is going on and having to be acknowl-edged by the cockpit crew until they tell you to descend to the next step down. 
What the new Next Generation sys-
tem will do is it will eliminate that step system because there will be a continuous feed. It will eliminate a lot of the human conversation, some of which gets misunderstood, because all of that continuous communication will be between the air traffic controller and the aircraft via communication of satellite. As a result, they will be able to give an aircraft a direct route—not through steps, not all that conversa-tion—of descent into the airport, sav-ing a lot of potential mistakes in human communication as well as sav-ing a lot of fuel instead of having to power up and power down as the air-craft goes through each of those steps. 
Implementing the Next Generation 
air traffic control modernization is going to be just one of the many trans-portation policy challenges that we will face and that we are developing and that we have already implemented on a trial basis in a couple of airports and in some airplanes. 
The Department of Transportation 
also plays a critical role in ensuring vehicle safety through its National Highway Traffic Safety Administra-tion. And, of course, you have been reading the stories there—brakes that 
don’t work, ignition switches that acci-dentally turn off when jostled by key chains, and now deadly airbag failures that cause the steering wheel con-taining an airbag to be a lethal weapon because it is faulty and it shreds metal in the explosion. We have had five deaths in this country alone that have already been reported. 
So these nominees are assuming ex-
tremely important roles in the U.S. Government. I think the way Senator T
HUNE has handled these nominees as 
our chairman in the Commerce Com-mittee has been admirable, and I thank him for the bipartisanship he has shown. We commend to the Senate these two nominees who will be voted on at 5:30. 
Mr. GRASSLEY addressed the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, will the 
kind Senator from Iowa yield for one request? I neglected to say something earlier. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. I will. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Florida. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I thank 
the Senator from Iowa. He is very kind. 
Our former colleague, Senator Lan-
drieu, is in the Gallery in order to see the confirmation vote of Carlos Monje, 
who is from her State of Louisiana. 
I thank the Senator from Iowa. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa. 
(The remarks of Mr. G
RASSLEY are 
printed in today’s R ECORD during con-
sideration of S. 178.) 
Mr. GRASSLEY. I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I 
yield back all of our remaining time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
All time is yielded back. 
VOTE ON MONJE NOMINATION  
Under the previous order, the ques-
tion occurs on the Monje nomination. 
The question is, Will the Senate ad-
vise and consent to the nomination of Carlos A. Monje, Jr., of Louisiana, to be an Assistant Secretary of Transpor-tation? 
Mr. GRASSLEY. I ask for the yeas 
and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator 
from Arizona (Mr. F LAKE ), the Senator 
from South Carolina (Mr. G RAHAM ), the 
Senator from Illinois (Mr. K IRK), and 
the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V IT-
TER). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Vermont (Mr. S ANDERS ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The result was announced—yeas 94, 
nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 71 Ex.] 
YEAS—94 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin 
Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Franken Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell 
Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester 
Thune Tillis Toomey Udall 
Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker 
Wyden 
NOT VOTING—6 
Cruz 
Flake Graham 
Kirk Sanders 
Vitter 
The nomination was confirmed. 
VOTE ON BROWN NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of Manson K. Brown, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of Commerce? 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the motions to re-consider are considered made and laid upon the table, and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s actions. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume legislative session. 
The majority leader. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. MICHAEL 
COLEGROVE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
rise to recognize a great Kentuckian who has recently received a great honor. Dr. Michael Colegrove, who has been employed with the University of the Cumberlands in various capacities over the last 40 years and is currently the vice president for student services and the director of leadership studies, recently received the Tri-County 2015 Leader of the Year award from the Leadership Tri-County organization in Kentucky. 
Leadership Tri-County focuses on 
civic, business, and community leader-ship in Laurel, Knox, and Whitley Counties in southeastern Kentucky. A nonprofit organization founded in 1987, it identifies potential, emerging, and current leaders from the three counties and nurtures their continued develop-ment. 
Dr. Colegrove graduated from Cum-
berland College, currently known as the University of the Cumberlands, in 1971. In addition to working for the school for 40 years, he spent 30 years in the U.S. Army Reserve and retired with the rank of colonel in 2003. Dr. Colegrove earned a master of arts from Eastern Kentucky University and a doctor of philosophy from Vanderbilt University. He is also a graduate of the U.S. War College. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.025 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1524 March 16, 2015 
Dr. Colegrove is the author of six 
books. His first book, ‘‘Climbing the Pyramid: The How To’s of Leadership,’’ was published in 2004. It came about be-cause of the need for a textbook for a leadership seminar conducted by the University of the Cumberlands. He has also volunteered with the American Red Cross and the Kiwanis Club. 
Dr. Colegrove and his wife Donna live 
in Williamsburg, KY, and have a daughter Kimberly who resides in Indi-ana with her husband Matthew and their two sons Jackson and William. I am sure Dr. Colegrove’s family mem-bers are very proud of him and all that he has accomplished. I know my col-leagues join me in congratulating Dr. Michael Colegrove on his receipt of the Tri-County 2015 Leader of the Year award. 
An area newspaper, the Times Trib-
une, published an article about Dr. Colegrove receiving his award. I ask unanimous consent that a portion of said article be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Sentinel Echo, Feb. 25, 2015] 
U OFC’SCOLEGROVE HONORED AT LTC 
(By Nita Johnson) 
The influence he has made on his col-
leagues was evident—first with the Univer-sity of the Cumberlands’ marching band’s Honor Guard presenting the flags, and then by the two tables of students and co-workers seated at the Corbin Technology Center on Monday evening. 
His dedication is the quality that earned 
University of the Cumberlands’ Dr. Michael Colegrove the 2015 Leader of the Year award from the Leadership Tri-County organization during their yearly awards banquet. 
Colegrove can be described with many 
words: author, Sunday School teacher, dea-con, military veteran, and long-time em-ployee at the Williamsburg college that fo-cuses on helping students achieve success through faith and discipline. 
Hon. Eugene Siler Jr., a Williamsburg na-
tive who serves as the Sixth Judicial Circuit Judge for the U.S. Court of Appeals, intro-duced Colegrove and described him as ‘‘as or-ganized as anybody you’ll ever see.’’ 
As a personal friend and member of the 
Sunday School class that Colegrove teaches, Siler said Colegrove had achieved success through his faith and dedication to family, his job, and his role as a Christian. 
‘‘He’s a great person,’’ Siler said. Colegrove’s record speaks for itself. He 
earned a bachelor’s degree from then-Cum-berland College, his master of arts degree from Eastern Kentucky University and his doctor of philosophy from Vanderbilt Univer-sity. He also graduated from the United States Army War College and served in the Army Reserves for 30 years, retiring with the rank of colonel. 
He has been involved with a number of 
civic organizations ranging from the Amer-ican Red Cross to serving as lieutenant gov-ernor for the Kiwanis Club for the Kentucky- Tennessee Region 6. 
But Colegrove’s humility has remained in-
tact throughout his many achievements. 
‘‘I am a man most blessed,’’ he told the 
crowd. ‘‘I had the opportunity at the Univer-sity of the Cumberlands to teach faith with discipline with my colleagues and co-work-ers. I had the opportunity to serve the stu-dents, and I have two mentors.’’ His mentors were the past two presidents 
of the Williamsburg institution—Drs. Jim Taylor and Jim Boswell. Both men saw ex-tensive growth of the college over their ten-ure as president, which Colegrove credited to their vision for the future. 
His involvement with Leadership Tri- 
County, he said, has also taught him les-sons—one being a book about leadership and the other being one of life’s simplest but sometimes most difficult qualities—the art of listening. 
The book, Colegrove said, had five major 
areas to consider. 
‘‘Challenge the process,’’ he said, ‘‘then in-
spire and share the vision. You have to have a vision. Enable others to act, and model the way you want.’’ 
The last aspect of that, he added, was to 
‘‘encourage the heart.’’ 
Listening, he said, came not from his years 
of experience in the military or the colle-giate arena, but more so from his own fam-ily. 
‘‘I don’t know if Kimberly (Colegrove’s 
only child) remembers this or not, but she was talking to me and I guess I drifted off in my own thoughts,’’ he said. ‘‘She squared me up—which in the Army is when you take someone’s face in your hands. She turned my head so I was looking her straight in the eyes and she kept on talking. She showed me that I needed to listen to her.’’ 
Oddly enough, Colegrove’s second lesson 
came from Kimberly’s son, William. 
‘‘William Joyce made this in a Sunday 
School class,’’ Colegrove explained while he took out a handmade set of ears. ‘‘It’s a paper plate cut in two with a piece of pipe cleaner connecting it. The paper plate has two ears drawn on it and I guess the pipe cleaner is to do this.’’ 
Putting the piece across his head, 
Colegrove demonstrated how the ‘‘listening ears’’ worked. Amid the laughter of the crowd, he reminded everyone that ‘‘listening is an empowering ability.’’ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE AVIATION 
MUSEUM OF KENTUCKY 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
rise to recognize and congratulate the Aviation Museum of Kentucky, the of-ficial aviation museum of the Com-monwealth, on the occasion of its 20th anniversary. The museum, located at 4316 Hangar Drive at the Blue Grass Airport in Lexington, KY, first opened its doors on April 15, 1995. 
The Aviation Museum of Kentucky 
has welcomed guests from all 50 States and from over 80 foreign countries. It serves as an educational and cultural resource for my State and for the Na-tion, focusing on aviation history and the important roles many Kentuckians have played in it. 
The museum’s exhibits attract ap-
proximately 10,000 students each year to learn about the science of flight. Through the study of aviation, stu-dents learn about math, physics, geog-raphy, and more. They also learn about the history of aviation. 
The museum educates young people 
about potential careers in aviation and the importance of the aviation indus-try, which supports thousands of jobs in Kentucky. Pilots, mechanics, engi-neers, flight controllers, meteorolo-gists, and more are all spotlighted. 
The Aviation Museum of Kentucky 
holds summer camps to give 10- to 15- year-old Kentuckians a hands-on intro-
duction to flight. To date, they have engaged with over 5,000 youth to help them explore aviation, aerospace, and the possibility of productive and ful-filling careers in the field. Students learn from professional educators and go aloft with licensed instructors. And thanks to the museum’s scholarship program, nearly one-third of all camp-ers attend at no charge. 
In 1996, the Aviation Museum estab-
lished the Kentucky Aviation Hall of Fame to recognize famous Kentuckians in aviation. To date, 45 Kentuckians have been honored. The Hall of Fame pays homage to Kentuckians like Mat-thew Sellers of Carter County, who gave us retractable landing gear; Sol-omon Van Meter of Lexington, who gave us the lifesaving pack parachute; and Noel Parrish of Versailles, who flew with the legendary Tuskegee Air-men. 
The museum also hosts historic avia-
tion events, giving the public the chance to see in person restored and vintage aircraft. Thousands each year come to view them. And the museum hosts quarterly lectures with speakers from around the world who come to share their stories. 
The Aviation Museum of Kentucky 
was founded by the Kentucky Aviation Roundtable, a group of aviation enthu-siasts that was first organized in 1978 in Lexington. The group worked for nearly two decades to see the dream of an aviation museum become reality, and now the Aviation Museum of Ken-tucky is a great asset to the State, to the industry, and to the Nation. 
So I ask my colleagues to join me in 
congratulating the Aviation Museum of Kentucky and the many fine Ken-tuckians who run and support it. I am proud of all they have achieved in 20 years, and I look forward to many more years of excellence from this unique Kentucky institution. I wish the Aviation Museum of Kentucky many more years of continued success. 
f 
REMEMBERING REVEREND WILLIE 
T. BARROW 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, last 
week Chicago—and America—lost a civil rights leader and an icon. Rev. Willie T. Barrow passed away at the age of 90. Known as the ‘‘Little War-rior,’’ Reverend Barrow stood up to anyone who would deny equality. 
In 1936, 10 years before the Mont-
gomery bus boycott, 12-year-old Willie Barrow challenged the segregated Texas school system that refused to bus African-American kids to school. In a recent interview, Reverend Barrow described it this way. One day, Barrow had enough and confronted the bus driver and school officials. ‘‘You got plenty room,’’ Barrow said she told the bus driver and school officials. ‘‘Why you want me to get off? Because I’m black? We got to change that.’’ 
She was right. And from that mo-
ment, she dedicated her life to fighting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.029 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1525 March 16, 2015 
for social justice and standing up for 
the most vulnerable in our society. 
In 1945, she came to Chicago and 
worked as a youth minister and a field organizer with Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. At the height of the civil rights movement, she followed Dr. King to Atlanta, where she organized meetings, rallies and transportation for volun-teers who came to participate in the marches and sit-ins. She also helped or-ganize the 1963 march on Washington. 
Reverend Barrow didn’t just fight for 
racial equality, she fought for women’s rights, labor rights and gay rights too. While she helped Rev. Jesse Jackson start Operation Breadbasket on the South Side of Chicago, she was fighting sexism within the civil rights move-ment. During meetings, some even asked Reverend Jackson why he brought his secretary. 
But as Operation Breadbasket 
evolved into the Rainbow/PUSH Coali-tion, Reverend Barrow became the first woman to lead the organization. As the chairman of the board and CEO, Rev-erend Barrow brought women together from the Chicago Network—an organi-zation comprised of Chicago’s most dis-tinguished professional women—to talk about their leadership roles and the underrepresentation of women on cor-porate boards. 
Around Chicago, she was known as 
‘‘godmother’’ for the work she did with many young community activists—in-cluding Barack Obama. She took on causes ranging from AIDS awareness to traveling on missions of peace to Viet-nam, Russia, Nicaragua, Cuba and South Africa when Nelson Mandela was released from prison. 
Last Sunday, 70,000 people gathered 
in Selma, AL, to remember and cele-brate the civil rights leaders who marched 50 years ago. Sadly, Reverend Barrow couldn’t be there. But 50 years ago, Reverend Barrow was on the front lines, marching alongside Dr. King and future Congressman J
OHNLEWIS. 
Years ago, I made the trip to Selma 
and stood on the Edmund Pettus Bridge where Reverend Barrow marched and J
OHN LEWIS was beaten 
unconscious and nearly killed by Ala-bama State troopers. It was profoundly moving to see the places where leaders like these risked their lives to redeem the promises of America for all of us. And it’s because of civil rights leaders like Reverend Barrow that our Nation has made progress in the pursuit of so-cial justice. But we know that bridges run both ways. We can move ahead, or we can turn back. Without the courage, the leadership, and the determination of Rev. Willie T. Barrow, the fight to move forward just got a little harder. 
f 
ASSAULT ON PRESS FREEDOM IN 
TURKEY 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I have 
spoken many times on the Senate floor in defense of press freedom because it is a fundamental cornerstone of a democratic society. Today I want to briefly draw the Senate’s attention to 
the situation in Turkey, one of the many countries in the world where this basic right is under threat by officials in the government who seek to silence their critics. 
Recently, in the latest assault on 
press freedom, Turkish police arrested and detained nearly two dozen mem-bers of the news media, including Ekrem Dumanli and Hidayet Karaca, two prominent journalists who are well known to be affiliated with Fethullah Gulen, a vocal critic of President Erdogan. The sweeping charges levied against them were not only intended to stop their criticism, but to intimidate anyone who is critical of the Turkish Government. While Mr. Dumanli has since been released, Mr. Karaca re-mains in prison. 
This case reflects a broader pattern 
of repression in Turkey, where targeted reprisals against outspoken critics have become a common practice for that government. In fact, Reporters Without Borders ranked Turkey 154 out of 180 nations for press freedom in its 2014 World Press Freedom Index, and Turkey has consistently been among the top jailers of journalists, along with China and Iran. This latest cen-sorship continues the abuse of the Turkish penal code and further erodes what remains of press freedom in Tur-key. 
Not only are these actions incon-
sistent with the norms and values ex-pected of Turkey, a NATO ally; they violate Turkey’s own commitments under international law, foment fur-ther dissent, and serve to affirm the al-legations being made against the Erdogan administration. I am dis-appointed with the backsliding from democracy that we have seen in Tur-key, and I am concerned that it will weaken our important strategic part-nership in the region. I join the many government officials, advocates, jour-nalists and others who have called for a prompt resolution of these cases, and an end to the Turkish Government’s jailing of people for exercising their right to free expression. The inter-national community and people of good will everywhere expect better from the government of that great nation. The people of Turkey deserve better. 
f 
150TH ANNIVERSARY OF BUR-
LINGTON, VERMONT POLICE DE-PARTMENT 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, next 
week I will join many Vermonters to celebrate the 150th anniversary of the Burlington Police Department, which was established in early 1865 with the appointment of the city’s first con-stable, Luman A. Drew. For the sake of historical perspective: Mr. Drew was chosen for this high post after his serv-ice in the pursuit and capture of a group of Confederate cavalrymen who had raided nearby St. Albans, robbing its banks and burning its buildings be-fore fleeing toward Canada. For many months now, Burlington 
Detective Jeffrey Beerworth has been compiling that bit of history and other stories in his research of the depart-ment’s history, and his vignettes are both entertaining and informative. They are particularly interesting to me, as I reflect on my work as a pros-ecutor with law enforcement agencies in Burlington and other communities as State’s attorney for Chittenden County earlier in my career. Most im-portantly, they show us how the role of law enforcement officers has evolved over the years. I imagine that First Constable Drew could not have fore-seen police wearing body cameras in 2015, nor would he recognize the chal-lenges that heroin and other drugs pose to our society. Back in his day, First Constable Drew’s main concerns were horse theft and public drunkenness. 
A visit to the Burlington Police De-
partment website today offers a glimpse of the many investigative units, programs and community out-reach services that fall under today’s rubric of police work. I am proud of the efforts of Police Chief Michael Schirling and his team in connecting one-on-one with the residents of Bur-lington. Community policing is alive and well in Vermont’s largest city, and other departments around the country could learn much from what Bur-lington has done. The Junior Commu-nity Police Academy creates relation-ships among police officers and the city’s youths, who someday may be-come officers themselves. In partnering with the Howard Center, officers work with the Street Outreach Team to sup-port those with psychiatric and sub-stance abuse issues, or those who cope with homelessness or other behavioral challenges. These cases traditionally account for a large percentage of police calls, yet this innovative program al-lows for trained professionals to ad-dress social service needs and allow po-lice officers to focus on public safety. 
The Daily Activity Log of the Bur-
lington Police Department offers a glimpse of the range and volume of calls to which today’s officers must re-spond. In a recent 2-day period, 223 records were logged, ranging from the minor to the tragic. Of course, there are many that are recorded simply as ‘‘traffic stops,’’ but we know that every traffic stop has the potential for the unknown. That is why I have worked hard over many years to support these officers by providing Federal funds for bulletproof vests. Officers need this protection and deserve nothing less. 
Chief Schirling has laid out a series 
of upcoming events to mark the de-partment’s 150 years of service. These will include a community barbecue and open house, along with his monthly ‘‘Coffees with the Chief.’’ This is all in keeping with his vision of community policing, and this celebration will be shared by all who benefit from the work of a highly professional and dedi-cated police force. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.028 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1526 March 16, 2015 
On this historic occasion, I thank 
Chief Schirling and the entire Bur-lington Police Department for their continued service and dedication, up-holding a long and valued tradition. The Queen City is most fortunate for their service. 
f 
LICKING COUNTY CHAMBER OF 
COMMERCE CENTENNIAL 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, today 
I wish to honor the Licking County Chamber of Commerce as it celebrates its 100th anniversary of service to the residents of Licking County and to the State of Ohio. The chamber supports around 1,000 businesses of all sizes throughout the county and strives to enhance the quality of life in the re-gion. 
The chamber was initially created 
‘‘to advance the economic well-being of the area and its citizens’’ and it con-tinues to do so today. The organization focuses on growth opportunities and advocacy for its members so that busi-nesses may have a positive impact on the community. The chamber has helped Licking County build a vibrant workforce, pro business attitude, ro-bust infrastructure, and great indus-trial parks like the Central Ohio Aero-space and Technology Center campus. These efforts have helped the chamber achieve numerous successes, including an accreditation through the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. 
I have had the opportunity to work 
directly with the chamber during my time in the Senate, and have seen first-hand its commitment to economic de-velopment and serving the business community. 
I congratulate the Licking County 
Chamber of Commerce and all who were involved in making its first 100 years a success. 
f 
BRYN DU MANSION 150TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, today 
I wish to honor the Bryn Du Mansion as it celebrates its 150th anniversary. This historic 52-acre property is lo-cated in the charming village of Gran-ville, OH. Among its many features, the home has 53 rooms and 12 fire-places. Henry Wright originally con-structed the mansion in 1865 from sand-stone quarried from the property. 
The Bryn Du Mansion is on the Na-
tional Registry for Historic Places be-cause of its significant history and im-portance to the region. The home has had many owners over the years who were entrepreneurs in the community. 
The Bryn Du Mansion is now owned 
by the Village of Granville and is man-aged by a local commission with a mis-sion of ‘‘historic preservation and to provide program and event facilities for the benefit of the community.’’ The mansion houses several community programs and annual events to pro-mote the arts, civic engagement, and athletics for the village of Granville. I am here today to honor the success 
and longevity of the Bryn Du Mansion, and I would like to congratulate every-one involved in making its first 150 years a success. 
f 
CONGRATULATING ANOMATIC COR-
PORATION ON ITS 50TH ANNI-VERSARY 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, today 
I wish to congratulate Anomatic Cor-poration as it celebrates its 50th anni-versary of supplying anodized alu-minum to companies around the world. Anomatic was founded in 1965 by Wil-liam Rusch when he developed an idea for a continuous motion machine for anodizing aluminum. Today, Scott Rusch and his brother William B. Rusch continue the legacy their father started 50 years ago. 
The company is headquartered in 
New Albany, OH, with manufacturing facilities in Newark, OH and around the world. Anomatic creates products in the fields of automotive, beauty and personal care, consumer electronics, pharmaceuticals and medical devices, and spirits. 
Anomatic’s in-house capabilities in-
clude full package design, high volume anodizing, rapid 3D prototyping, metal stamping, screen printing, double anod-izing, laser engraving, and assembly. Anomatic also features the world’s largest anodizing capacity, producing more than 1 billion units last year alone. 
I have had the opportunity to work 
on issues important to the growth of Anomatic and its employees and look forward to the company’s future expan-sion in Ohio. I congratulate Anomatic Corporation and everyone involved in making its first 50 years a success. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING PROTECTORS OF 
ANIMALS 
∑Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, it 
is with great admiration that I wish to recognize the laudable achievements of Protectors of Animals, a wonderful and innovative no-kill rescue and shelter organization based in East Hartford, CT. I am proud to highlight the occa-sion of their 40th Anniversary, and I wish to convey my deepest congratula-tions to them on this auspicious occa-sion. 
Protectors of Animals was founded in 
1975 by a group of dedicated individuals brought together by their shared love for animals and commitment to animal welfare. Two of these individuals, Dru Harder and Phyllis Pavel, truly started off at the grassroots level, knocking on doors in their community in Portland, CT, in order to raise awareness and funds for their local pound. 
Over the years, Protectors of Ani-
mals’ passion and tireless fight against animal cruelty has led them to great successes and enabled them to save countless abandoned and abused ani-
mals from being euthanized. They have also aided more than 14,000 cats and 7,000 dogs in finding caring homes across our State. 
The dedicated staff and volunteers at 
Protectors of Animals not only give animals shelter but help them to heal from past trauma and allow them to recreate caring relationships with hu-mans that are built on trust. It is no surprise that this work has garnered deep and abiding support from animal lovers around Connecticut. This joint effort, backed by genuine values of hu-maneness and caring, has allowed them to meet the highest standards of ac-countability, as well as program and cost effectiveness. Protectors of Ani-mals has been recognized by the Inde-pendent Charities of America with that organization’s ‘‘Best in America’’ seal of approval, which is offered to a select few of the highest performing non-profits in our Nation. 
Having personally supported Protec-
tors of Animals over the years, I can attest to the devotion, commitment, and enthusiasm of everyone involved with their organization. I know how hard their founders, board of directors, staff, and volunteers have worked to support these goals. For its legacy of safeguarding animals and combating cruelty, I am proud to congratulate and celebrate Protectors of Animals on its 40th anniversary. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO WAYNE MASON 
∑Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, It is a 
great honor for me to pay tribute to a great Georgian and a great friend, Wayne Mason. It is Wayne’s 75th birth-day, and for a minute I want to share with the Senate the greatest example I know of how much difference one man can make. I would not be where I am today and Gwinnett County—one of America’s most dynamic counties— would not be what it is today were it not for the support and leadership of Wayne Mason. 
Wayne is generous in giving back to 
his community and passionate in his love of country. A successful real es-tate developer, Wayne has said he lives for the deal and will die seeking his final one. Wayne began a life of hard work and deal-making as a boy by plowing his family’s gardens with a one-eyed mule, and he honed his mar-keting skills by selling eggs and Christmas wreaths. A clever young man, Wayne understood what was needed in a budding community and he opened many of the entities needed to develop one—including a bonding com-pany, ceramic tile store, funeral home, liquor store and a bank. Between 1959 and 1972, he built 1,800 homes in the growing community of Snellville, GA, and by that time, he was a millionaire. 
Wayne didn’t stop building his com-
munity credentials there. He became chairman of the Gwinnett County Com-mission in 1977 and served in that ca-pacity until 1981. Wayne’s successful 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.020 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1527 March 16, 2015 
development and investment projects 
in Gwinnett County include names and places all metro Atlantans know such as Discover Mills and The Villages at Global Forum. He also served as a member of the Atlanta Regional Com-mission, which is the regional planning and intergovernmental coordination agency for much of the metro Atlanta area. 
Another area he conquered in more 
recent years that is also essential for a thriving community is higher edu-cation. It has also become a particular passion and point of pride for Wayne in the form of Georgia Gwinnett College, which he helped to make a reality. In 1994, Gwinnett County was the largest 
county east of the Mississippi without a 4-year college. So Wayne and a group of leaders in Gwinnett County pur-chased 160 acres of land in Lawrenceville, GA, and designated it specifically for the development of a college campus. Georgia Gwinnett Col-lege opened its doors in 2006 as the first 4-year college founded in Georgia in more than 100 years, and the first 4- year, public college created in the U.S. in the 21st century. In less than 10 years, Georgia Gwinnett College’s en-rollment is approaching 11,000 students and Wayne still serves on the college foundation’s board. 
Wayne Mason is the foundation upon 
which Gwinnett County’s success is based. So I want to wish happy birth-day to a great Georgian and friend. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING ELLEN GOLDEN AND 
DR. BARBARA WOODLEE 
∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, I wish to 
honor two remarkable women, Ellen Golden and Dr. Barbara Woodlee, who are new inductees to the Maine Wom-en’s Hall of Fame. Like all members of this prestigious group, Ellen and Bar-bara have had a tremendous impact on the lives of family and friends in their communities and on women through-out the State of Maine. Indeed, to be considered for the Maine Women’s Hall of Fame, nominees’ achievements must have had significant statewide impact, must have improved the lives of women in Maine, and must have made con-tributions with enduring value for women. I am pleased to say that Ellen and Barbara have not only met these criteria, they have far exceeded them. 
Ellen Golden, from Woolwich, ME, is 
the senior vice president and founder of the Women’s Business Center at Coast-al Enterprises, Inc., CEI. She has played a leading role in supporting women business owners and microen-terprise growth through research, pol-icy, and program development. She has also been at the forefront of expanding small business opportunities for mi-norities and immigrants in Maine. Ellen’s efforts through CEI and a num-ber of other boards and civic organiza-tions have provided financial and ca-reer possibilities that would otherwise have been unavailable to many Mainers. Ellen’s work truly embodies the spirit of American opportunity. Dr. Barbara Woodlee, from 
Vassalboro, ME, was the president of Kennebec Valley Community College in Fairfield, ME for nearly 30 years. A trailblazer in her field, she served as 
the first woman president within the Maine Community College System. Throughout her presidency, Barbara strove to increase educational opportu-nities for Maine women by developing programs, particularly in the health care field, that met the needs of the many women who used the college to launch their careers. Her efforts to open up opportunities for women to ac-cess higher education, and the well- paying jobs that come with it, are com-mendable. But it is not just women at the college who have benefited from her work; thanks to her, Maine com-munity college students pay the lowest in-state tuition and fees in all of New England. She kept costs low while fac-ing difficult budget challenges—a task with which we here in Congress can sympathize. 
Congratulations to both Ellen and 
Barbara for their induction into the Maine Women’s Hall of Fame. With this well-deserved honor, they join the likes of Senator Margaret Chase Smith, who in 1950 courageously stood here, on the Senate floor, to denounce McCarthyism. I thank Ellen and Bar-bara for all that they have done for Maine women and for our State as a whole. Maine is fortunate to have such tireless advocates promoting education and fighting for economic oppor-tunity. ∑ 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE WELLS 
RESERVE AND LAUDHOLM TRUST 
∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, I wish to 
congratulate the Wells National Estua-rine Research Reserve and Laudholm Trust on the completion of the final stage of their solar energy project. On March 20, 2015, they will officially fin-ish the project and be 100 percent en-ergy self-sufficient. They are the first nonprofit organization in Maine to reach this milestone. 
The solar array project represents 
only the most recent environmental conservation landmark on the Wells Reserve. In fact, the land on which the Wells Reserve sits has been a key link between the community and the envi-ronment for not just decades but cen-turies. It was settled for farming in 1643 and was the largest saltwater farm in York County at one time, shipping its products to Boston weekly. By 1978, the farm was derelict, but devoted community members decided to join together to revitalize it. Laudholm Trust was soon born from that initia-tive. Officially established in 1982, the Laudholm Trust has been a vital sup-porter of stewardship, research, and education efforts surrounding Maine’s coastal communities, enabling the suc-cess of the Wells Reserve. Due in part to the Trust’s efforts, the 2,250 acres of farmland were designated a National Estuarine Research Reserve in 1984. The solar array project is an out-
standing example of what can be ac-complished when stakeholders at all levels work together. The $200,000 in funding to purchase the solar panels was made possible by the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Association, NOAA, the Mattina R. Proctor Founda-tion, the Davis Conservation Founda-tion, the Town of Wells, Efficiency Maine, and, of course, Wells Reserve and Laudholm members. A Maine com-pany, Revision Energy of Portland, ME, installed the array. Through the hard work of this community, the project was completed a full two years ahead of schedule. For such a signifi-cant project to be finished years ahead of schedule proves the dedication of the organizations and individuals involved with completing this venture. 
The local initiative and collaboration 
demonstrated on the Wells Reserve for this project represents the very best of Maine community moxie. On the occa-sion of the completion of the Wells Re-serve and Laudholm Trust solar array, I extend my congratulations to the two leading organizations and all those in-volved in making the project possible. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–926. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director, Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Secretary of De-fense, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 11, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
EC–927. A communication from the Under 
Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Strategic and Critical Materials 2015 Report on Stockpile Requirements’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–928. A communication from the Chief 
Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2015–0001)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 11, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.031 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1528 March 16, 2015 
2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, 
and Urban Affairs. 
EC–929. A communication from the Chief 
Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2015–0001)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 11, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–930. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ments to Existing Validated End-User Au-thorization in the People’s Republic of China: Samsung China Semiconductor Co. Ltd.’’ (RIN0694–AG50) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 11, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–931. A communication from the Presi-
dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report of the continuation of the national emergency with respect to Iran that was declared in Executive Order 12957 on March 15, 1995; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–932. A communication from the Assist-
ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, three (3) re-ports relative to vacancies in the Depart-ment of the Treasury, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 11, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–933. A communication from the Assist-
ant Chief Counsel for Pipeline, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Pipeline Safety: Miscellaneous Changes to Pipeline Safety Regulations’’ (RIN2137–AE59) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 11, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–934. A communication from the Deputy 
Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-grams, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Herring Fishery; Adjust-ments to 2015 Annual Catch Limits’’ (RIN0648–XD536) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 11, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–935. A communication from the Office 
of Managing Director, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Implemen-tation of Section 621(a)(1) of the Cable Com-munications Policy Act of 1984 as amended by the Cable Television Consumer Protec-tion and Competition Act of 1992’’ (MB Dock-et No. 05–311) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 12, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–936. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the annual report on the Child Support Program for fiscal year 2012; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–937. A communication from the Assist-
ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, eight (8) re-ports relative to vacancies in the Depart-ment of the Treasury, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 11, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. EC–938. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Office of Refugee Resettlement: Annual Report to Congress, FY 2013’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–939. A communication from the General 
Counsel, Institute of Museum and Library Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Director of the Institute of Museum and Library Services, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 11, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–940. A communication from the Chair, 
Advisory Council on Alzheimer’s Research, Care, and Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report that includes recommenda-tions for improving federally and privately funded Alzheimer’s programs; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Mr. 
MANCHIN ): 
S. 739. A bill to modify the treatment of 
agreements entered into by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish nursing home care, adult day health care, or other ex-tended care services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. 
W
ARNER ): 
S. 740. A bill to improve the coordination 
and use of geospatial data; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mrs. 
B
OXER , and Mr. R EID): 
S. 741. A bill to authorize the Adminis-
trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to establish a program of awarding grants to owners or operators of water sys-tems to increase the resiliency or adapt-ability of the systems to any ongoing or forecasted changes to the hydrologic condi-tions of a region of the United States; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Ms. AYOTTE (for herself, Mrs. 
M
CCASKILL , and Mrs. F ISCHER ): 
S. 742. A bill to appropriately limit the au-
thority to award bonuses to employees; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself and Mr. 
D
ONNELLY ): 
S. 743. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to recognize the service in the reserve components of the Armed Forces of certain persons by honoring them with sta-tus as veterans under law, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. B
AR-
RASSO , Mr. C OATS , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. 
JOHNSON , Mr. P ORTMAN , and Mr. 
RISCH): 
S. 744. A bill to rescind certain Federal 
funds identified by States as unwanted and use the funds to reduce the Federal debt; to the Committee on Appropriations. 
By Mr. CORNYN: 
S. 745. A bill to provide debt and tax trans-
parency to taxpayers; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. 
W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. R EED, Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. B ROWN , Mrs. C AP-
ITO, Mr. C ASEY , and Mr. F RANKEN ): 
S. 746. A bill to provide for the establish-
ment of a Commission to Accelerate the End of Breast Cancer; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. DURBIN: 
S. 747. A bill to prioritize funding for an ex-
panded and sustained national investment in basic science research; to the Committee on the Budget. 
By Mr. SASSE (for himself, Mr. S
ES-
SIONS , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. 
LEE, Mr. C RUZ, and Mr. P ERDUE ): 
S. 748. A bill to prohibit the issuance of so-
cial security numbers to individuals given deferred action under the President’s immi-gration executive actions; to the Committee on Finance. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 139 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 139, a bill to permanently allow an exclusion under the Supple-mental Security Income program and the Medicaid program for compensa-tion provided to individuals who par-ticipate in clinical trials for rare dis-eases or conditions. 
S. 148 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 148, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require State licensure and bid surety bonds for entities submitting bids under the Medicare durable medical equipment, prosthetics, orthotics, and supplies (DMEPOS) competitive acquisition program, and for other purposes. 
S. 266 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 266, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to mod-ify safe harbor requirements applicable to automatic contribution arrange-ments, and for other purposes. 
S. 288 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 288, a bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act to reform the Na-tional Labor Relations Board, the Of-fice of the General Counsel, and the process for appellate review, and for other purposes. 
S. 301 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the 
names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. R
EED), the Senator from 
Oklahoma (Mr. I NHOFE ), the Senator 
from Tennessee (Mr. A LEXANDER ), the 
Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C ASSIDY ), 
the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K AINE), 
the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ), the Senator from North Da-
kota (Mr. H OEVEN ) and the Senator 
from California (Mrs. B OXER ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 301, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR6.004 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1529 March 16, 2015 
centennial of Boys Town, and for other 
purposes. 
S. 308 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 308, a bill to reauthorize 21st century community learning centers, and for other purposes. 
S. 313 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 313, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to add phys-ical therapists to the list of providers allowed to utilize locum tenens ar-rangements under Medicare. 
S. 316 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 316, a bill to amend the charter school program under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
S. 379 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 379, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to expand and modify the credit for employee health insurance expenses of small employers. 
S. 402 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 402, a bill to establish a Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) Master Teacher Corps program. 
S. 431 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
431, a bill to permanently extend the Internet Tax Freedom Act. 
S. 477 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
477, a bill to terminate Operation Choke Point. 
S. 492 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name 
of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
492, a bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 in order to improve environmental lit-eracy to better prepare students for postsecondary education and careers, and for other purposes. 
S. 539 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
names of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) and the Senator 
from Maine (Mr. K ING) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 539, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to repeal the Medicare outpatient reha-bilitation therapy caps. 
S. 578 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
578, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more 
timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 586 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
586, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to foster more effective implementation and coordination of clinical care for people with pre-diabe-tes, diabetes, and the chronic diseases and conditions that result from diabe-tes. 
S. 605 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
605, a bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to invest in innovation for education. 
S. 609 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 609, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and increase the exclusion for benefits provided to volunteer firefighters and emergency medical responders. 
S. 628 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 628, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for the designa-tion of maternity care health profes-sional shortage areas. 
S. 637 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 637, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the railroad track mainte-nance credit. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presumptions relating to the exposure of certain veterans who served in the vicinity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes. 
S. 688 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 688, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to adjust the Medicare hospital readmission reduc-tion program to respond to patient dis-parities, and for other purposes. 
S. 698 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the names 
of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) and the Senator from 
South Carolina (Mr. G RAHAM ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 698, a bill to restore States’ sovereign rights to en-force State and local sales and use tax laws, and for other purposes. 
S. 711 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 711, a bill to amend section 520J of the Public Service Health Act to au-thorize grants for mental health first aid training programs. 
S. 712 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 712, a bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to exempt certain flights from increased aviation security serv-ice fees. 
S. 713 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
names of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) and the Senator from 
New York (Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 713, a bill to prevent international violence against women, and for other purposes. 
S. 716 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the 
name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 716, 
a bill to allow seniors to file their Fed-eral income tax on a new Form 1040SR. 
S. 729 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 729, a bill to amend title 11, United States Code, with respect to certain exceptions to discharge in bankruptcy. 
S. 736 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the names 
of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C OR-
NYN) and the Senator from Nevada (Mr. 
HELLER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 
736, a bill to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to require disclo-sure to States of the basis of deter-minations under such Act, to ensure use of information provided by State, tribal, and county governments in deci-sionmaking under such Act, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 290 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 290 intended to be proposed to S. 178, a bill to provide jus-tice for the victims of trafficking. 
AMENDMENT NO . 298 
At the request of Mr. S ESSIONS , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 298 intended to be proposed to S. 178, a bill to provide jus-tice for the victims of trafficking. 
AMENDMENT NO . 300 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
names of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ), the Senator from Mary-
land (Mr. C ARDIN ), the Senator from 
Missouri (Mrs. M CCASKILL ), the Sen-
ator from New York (Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ), 
the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ), the Senator from New Jer-
sey (Mr. B OOKER ), the Senator from Or-
egon (Mr. W YDEN ), the Senator from 
Michigan (Ms. S TABENOW ) and the Sen-
ator from California (Mrs. B OXER ) were 
added as cosponsors of amendment No. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR6.008 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1530 March 16, 2015 
300 intended to be proposed to S. 178, a 
bill to provide justice for the victims of trafficking. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mrs. 
BOXER , and Mr. R EID): 
S. 741. A bill to authorize the Admin-
istrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency to establish a program of awarding grants to owners or operators of water systems to increase the resil-iency or adaptability of the systems to any ongoing or forecasted changes to the hydrologic conditions of a region of the United States; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I come 
to the floor today to introduce the Water Infrastructure Resiliency and Sustainability Act with colleagues the Democratic Leader and the Ranking Member of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee. The con-dition of our water infrastructure is in a state of crisis that is only exacer-bated by the effects of climate change. The longer we ignore the problem, the more it costs us. The truth is that we are in a crisis that can be averted. There is no need to lose revenue from disrupted business and flooded streets. Our water infrastructure may be buried and out of sight and out of mind; but today we must elevate these systems to the priority level they deserve. 
Each year within my home State of 
Maryland I witness stark reminders of what cities across the nation are fac-ing. In July of last year, Prince George’s County, Maryland, experi-enced a breakdown of its most essen-tial public infrastructure when a water main serving 100,000 people began to fail. Mandatory water restrictions were instituted, limiting access to water for homes and businesses during an intense heat wave that saw the heat index re-peatedly reach the triple digits. At the National Harbor, one hotel evacuated three thousand guests and was forced to cancel upcoming reservations. In-cluded in the affected area is Joint Base Andrews, which publicized plans to shut down a long list of services, in-cluding appointments at its medical center. 
There are incidents like this hap-
pening across America. The reports are startling. They confirm what every water utility professional knows: we need massive reinvestment in our water infrastructure now and over the coming decades. The Nation’s drinking water infrastructure—especially the underground pipes that deliver safe drinking water to America’s homes and businesses—is aging. Like many of the roads, bridges, and other public assets on which the country relies, most of our buried drinking water infrastruc-ture was built 50 or more years ago, in the post-World War II era of rapid de-mographic change and economic growth. Some of our systems are even older; in Baltimore, where I live, many of the pipes were installed in the 1800s. 
Some of these ‘‘pipes’’ are wooden. We need investment to deal with changing population needs and changing hydrological conditions. We have no other choice but to elevate it to a pub-lic safety priority and to take action now. 
The Water Infrastructure Resiliency 
and Sustainability Act aims to help local communities meet the challenges of upgrading water infrastructure sys-tems to meet the hydrological changes we are seeing today. The bill directs the EPA to establish a Water Infra-structure Resiliency and Sustain-ability program. Grants will be award-ed to eligible water systems to make the necessary upgrades. Communities across the country will be able to com-pete for Federal matching funds, which in turn will help finance projects to help communities overcome these threats. 
Improving water conservation, ad-
justments to current infrastructure systems, and funding programs to sta-bilize communities’ existing water sup-ply are all projects WIRS grants will fund. WIRS will never grant more than 50 percent of any project’s cost, ensur-ing cooperation between local commu-nities and the federal government. The EPA will try to award funds that use new and innovative ideas as often as possible. 
It is estimated that by 2020, the fore-
casted deficit for sustaining water de-livery and wastewater treatment infra-structure, will trigger a $206 billion in-crease in costs for businesses. In a worst case scenario, a lack of water in-frastructure investment will cause the United States to lose nearly 700,000 jobs by 2020. 
A healthy water infrastructure sys-
tem is as important to America’s econ-omy as paved roads and sturdy bridges. Water and wastewater investment has been shown to spur economic growth. The U.S. Conference of Mayors has found that for every dollar invested in water infrastructure, the Gross Domes-tic Product is increased to more than $6. The Department of Commerce has found that that same dollar yields close to $3 worth of economic output in other industries. Every job created in local water and sewer industries cre-ates close to four jobs elsewhere in the national economy. 
We know that a reactive mode causes 
us to lose billions in revenue in the short-term. Let us instead take a proactive approach, making strategic investments in innovative projects de-signed to meet the current and future needs of our water systems. That is the purpose of the Water Infrastructure Resiliency and Sustainability Act. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: S. 741 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Water Infra-
structure Resiliency and Sustainability Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-
trator’’ means the Administrator of the En-vironmental Protection Agency. 
(2) H
YDROLOGIC CONDITION .—The term ‘‘hy-
drologic condition’’ means the quality, quan-tity, or reliability of the water resources of a region of the United States. 
(3) O
WNER OR OPERATOR OF A WATER SYS -
TEM.— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘owner or oper-
ator of a water system’’ means an entity (in-cluding a regional, State, tribal, local, mu-nicipal, or private entity) that owns or oper-ates a water system. 
(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘owner or oper-
ator of a water system’’ includes— 
(i) a non-Federal entity that has oper-
ational responsibilities for a federally, trib-ally, or State-owned water system; and 
(ii) an entity established by an agreement 
between— 
(I) an entity that owns or operates a water 
system; and 
(II) at least 1 other entity. (4) W
ATER SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘water sys-
tem’’ means— 
(A) a community water system (as defined 
in section 1401 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f)); 
(B) a treatment works (as defined in sec-
tion 212 of the Federal Water Pollution Con-trol Act (33 U.S.C. 1292)), including a munic-ipal separate storm sewer system (as that term is used in that Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.)); 
(C) a decentralized wastewater treatment 
system for domestic sewage; 
(D) a groundwater storage and replenish-
ment system; 
(E) a system for transport and delivery of 
water for irrigation or conservation; or 
(F) a natural or engineered system that 
manages floodwater. 
SEC. 3. WATER INFRASTRUCTURE RESILIENCY 
AND SUSTAINABILITY. 
(a) P ROGRAM .—The Administrator shall es-
tablish and implement a program, to be known as the ‘‘Water Infrastructure Resil-iency and Sustainability Program’’, under which the Administrator shall award grants for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2019 to owners or operators of water systems for the purpose of increasing the resiliency or adapt-ability of the water systems to any ongoing or forecasted changes (based on the best available research and data) to the hydro-logic conditions of a region of the United States. 
(b) U
SE OF FUNDS .—As a condition on re-
ceipt of a grant under this Act, an owner or operator of a water system shall agree to use the grant funds exclusively to assist in the planning, design, construction, implementa-tion, operation, or maintenance of a program or project that meets the purpose described in subsection (a) by— 
(1) conserving water or enhancing water 
use efficiency, including through the use of water metering and electronic sensing and control systems to measure the effectiveness of a water efficiency program; 
(2) modifying or relocating existing water 
system infrastructure made or projected to be significantly impaired by changing hydro-logic conditions; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR6.009 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1531 March 16, 2015 
(3) preserving or improving water quality, 
including through measures to manage, re-duce, treat, or reuse municipal stormwater, wastewater, or drinking water; 
(4) investigating, designing, or con-
structing groundwater remediation, recycled water, or desalination facilities or systems to serve existing communities; 
(5) enhancing water management by in-
creasing watershed preservation and protec-tion, such as through the use of natural or engineered green infrastructure in the man-agement, conveyance, or treatment of water, wastewater, or stormwater; 
(6) enhancing energy efficiency or the use 
and generation of renewable energy in the management, conveyance, or treatment of water, wastewater, or stormwater; 
(7) supporting the adoption and use of ad-
vanced water treatment, water supply man-agement (such as reservoir reoperation and water banking), or water demand manage-ment technologies, projects, or processes (such as water reuse and recycling, adaptive conservation pricing, and groundwater bank-ing) that maintain or increase water supply or improve water quality; 
(8) modifying or replacing existing systems 
or constructing new systems for existing communities or land that is being used for agricultural production to improve water supply, reliability, storage, or conveyance in a manner that— 
(A) promotes conservation or improves the 
efficiency of use of available water supplies; and 
(B) does not further exacerbate stresses on 
ecosystems or cause redirected impacts by degrading water quality or increasing net greenhouse gas emissions; 
(9) supporting practices and projects, such 
as improved irrigation systems, water bank-ing and other forms of water transactions, groundwater recharge, stormwater capture, groundwater conjunctive use, and reuse or recycling of drainage water, to improve water quality or promote more efficient 
water use on land that is being used for agri-cultural production; 
(10) reducing flood damage, risk, and vul-
nerability by— 
(A) restoring floodplains, wetland, and up-
land integral to flood management, protec-tion, prevention, and response; 
(B) modifying levees, floodwalls, and other 
structures through setbacks, notches, gates, removal, or similar means to facilitate re-connection of rivers to floodplains, reduce flood stage height, and reduce damage to properties and populations; 
(C) providing for acquisition and easement 
of flood-prone land and properties in order to reduce damage to property and risk to popu-lations; or 
(D) promoting land use planning that pre-
vents future floodplain development; 
(11) conducting and completing studies or 
assessments to project how changing hydro-logic conditions may impact the future oper-ations and sustainability of water systems; or 
(12) developing and implementing measures 
to increase the resilience of water systems and regional and hydrological basins, includ-ing the Colorado River Basin, to rapid hydro-logic change or a natural disaster (such as tsunami, earthquake, flood, or volcanic erup-tion). 
(c) A
PPLICATION .—To seek a grant under 
this Act, the owner or operator of a water system shall submit to the Administrator an application that— 
(1) includes a proposal for the program, 
strategy, or infrastructure improvement to be planned, designed, constructed, imple-mented, or maintained by the water system; 
(2) provides the best available research or 
data that demonstrate— (A) the risk to the water resources or in-
frastructure of the water system as a result of ongoing or forecasted changes to the hy-drologic system of a region, including rising sea levels and changes in precipitation pat-terns; and 
(B) the manner in which the proposed pro-
gram, strategy, or infrastructure improve-ment would perform under the anticipated hydrologic conditions; 
(3) describes the manner in which the pro-
posed program, strategy, or infrastructure improvement is expected— 
(A) to enhance the resiliency of the water 
system, including source water protection for community water systems, to the antici-pated hydrologic conditions; or 
(B) to increase efficiency in the use of en-
ergy or water of the water system; and 
(4) describes the manner in which the pro-
posed program, strategy, or infrastructure improvement is consistent with an applica-ble State, tribal, or local climate adaptation plan, if any. 
(d) P
RIORITY .— 
(1) W ATER SYSTEMS AT GREATEST AND MOST  
IMMEDIATE RISK .—In selecting grantees under 
this Act, subject to section 4(b), the Admin-istrator shall give priority to owners or oper-ators of water systems that are, based on the best available research and data, at the greatest and most immediate risk of facing significant negative impacts due to changing hydrologic conditions. 
(2) G
OALS .—In selecting among applicants 
described in paragraph (1), the Administrator shall ensure that, to the maximum extent practicable, the final list of applications 
funded for each year includes a substantial number that propose to use innovative ap-proaches to meet 1 or more of the following goals: 
(A) Promoting more efficient water use, 
water conservation, water reuse, or recy-cling. 
(B) Using decentralized, low-impact devel-
opment technologies and nonstructural ap-proaches, including practices that use, en-hance, or mimic the natural hydrological cycle or protect natural flows. 
(C) Reducing stormwater runoff or flooding 
by protecting or enhancing natural eco-system functions. 
(D) Modifying, upgrading, enhancing, or re-
placing existing water system infrastructure in response to changing hydrologic condi-tions. 
(E) Improving water quality or quantity 
for agricultural and municipal uses, includ-ing through salinity reduction. 
(F) Providing multiple benefits, including 
to water supply enhancement or demand re-duction, water quality protection or im-provement, increased flood protection, and ecosystem protection or improvement. 
(e) C
OST-SHARING REQUIREMENT .— 
(1) F EDERAL SHARE .—The share of the cost 
of any program, strategy, or infrastructure improvement that is the subject of a grant awarded by the Administrator to the owner or operator of a water system under sub-section (a) paid through funds distributed under this Act shall not exceed 50 percent of the cost of the program, strategy, or infra-structure improvement. 
(2) C
ALCULATION OF NON -FEDERAL SHARE .— 
In calculating the non-Federal share of the cost of a program, strategy, or infrastruc-ture improvement proposed by a water sys-tem in an application submitted under sub-section (c), the Administrator shall— 
(A) include the value of any in-kind serv-
ices that are integral to the completion of the program, strategy, or infrastructure im-provement, including reasonable administra-tive and overhead costs; and (B) not include any other amount that the 
water system involved receives from the Federal Government. 
(f) D
AVIS-BACON COMPLIANCE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—All laborers and mechan-
ics employed by contractors and subcontrac-tors on projects funded directly by or as-sisted in whole or in part by this Act shall be paid wages at rates not less than those pre-vailing on projects of a character similar in the locality as determined by the Secretary of Labor in accordance with subchapter IV of chapter 31 of part A of subtitle II of title 40, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Davis-Bacon Act’’). 
(2) A
UTHORITY .—With respect to the labor 
standards specified in this subsection, the Secretary of Labor shall have the authority and functions set forth in Reorganization Plan Numbered 14 of 1950 (64 Stat. 1267; 5 U.S.C. App.) and section 3145 of title 40, United States Code. 
(g) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 3 
years after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 3 years thereafter, the Ad-ministrator shall submit to Congress a re-port that— 
(1) describes the progress in implementing 
this Act; and 
(2) includes information on project applica-
tions received and funded annually under this Act. 
SEC. 4. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There is authorized to be 
appropriated to carry out this Act $50,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2019. 
(b) R
EDUCTION OF FLOOD DAMAGE , RISK, AND 
VULNERABILITY .—Of the amount made avail-
able to carry out this Act for a fiscal year, not more than 20 percent may be made avail-able to grantees for activities described in subsection (b)(10). 
By Mr. DURBIN: 
S. 747. A bill to prioritize funding for 
an expanded and sustained national in-vestment in basic science research; to the Committee on the Budget. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 747 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘American 
Innovation Act’’. 
SEC. 2. CAP ADJUSTMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 251(b)(2) of the 
Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as 
subparagraph (E); and 
(2) by inserting after subparagraph (C), the 
following: 
‘‘(D) B
ASIC SCIENCE RESEARCH .— 
‘‘(i) N ATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION .—If a 
bill or joint resolution making appropria-tions for a fiscal year is enacted that speci-fies amounts for the National Science Foun-dation, then the adjustments for that fiscal year shall be the amount of additional new budget authority provided in that Act for such programs for that fiscal year, but shall not exceed— 
‘‘(I) for fiscal year 2016, $397,000,000 in addi-
tional new budget authority; 
‘‘(II) for fiscal year 2017, $831,000,000 in ad-
ditional new budget authority; 
‘‘(III) for fiscal year 2018, $1,275,000,000 in 
additional new budget authority; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR6.010 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1532 March 16, 2015 
‘‘(IV) for fiscal year 2019, $1,765,000,000 in 
additional new budget authority; 
‘‘(V) for fiscal year 2020, $2,290,000,000 in ad-
ditional new budget authority; and 
‘‘(VI) for fiscal year 2021, $2,867,000,000 in 
additional new budget authority. 
‘‘(ii) D EPARTMENT OF ENERGY OFFICE OF  
SCIENCE .—If a bill or joint resolution making 
appropriations for a fiscal year is enacted that specifies amounts for the Office of Science of the Department of Energy, then the adjustments for that fiscal year shall be the amount of additional new budget author-ity provided in that Act for such programs for that fiscal year, but shall not exceed— 
‘‘(I) for fiscal year 2016, $275,000,000 in addi-
tional new budget authority; 
‘‘(II) for fiscal year 2017, $566,000,000 in ad-
ditional new budget authority; 
‘‘(III) for fiscal year 2018, $867,000,000 in ad-
ditional new budget authority; 
‘‘(IV) for fiscal year 2019, $1,198,000,000 in 
additional new budget authority; 
‘‘(V) for fiscal year 2020, $1,555,000,000 in ad-
ditional new budget authority; and 
‘‘(VI) for fiscal year 2021, $1,946,000,000 in 
additional new budget authority. 
‘‘(iii) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE SCIENCE AND  
TECHNOLOGY PROGRAMS .—If a bill or joint res-
olution making appropriations for a fiscal year is enacted that specifies amounts for the Department of Defense science and tech-nology programs, then the adjustments for that fiscal year shall be the amount of addi-tional new budget authority provided in that Act for such programs for that fiscal year, but shall not exceed— 
‘‘(I) for fiscal year 2016, $636,000,000 in addi-
tional new budget authority; 
‘‘(II) for fiscal year 2017, $1,309,000,000 in ad-
ditional new budget authority; 
‘‘(III) for fiscal year 2018, $2,007,000,000 in 
additional new budget authority; 
‘‘(IV) for fiscal year 2019, $2,773,000,000 in 
additional new budget authority; 
‘‘(V) for fiscal year 2020, $3,603,000,000 in ad-
ditional new budget authority; and 
‘‘(VI) for fiscal year 2021, $4,512,000,000 in 
additional new budget authority. 
‘‘(iv) N
ATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS  
AND TECHNOLOGY SCIENTIFIC AND TECHNICAL  
RESEARCH AND SERVICES .—If a bill or joint 
resolution making appropriations for a fiscal year is enacted that specifies amounts for the Scientific and Technical Research and Services within the National Institute of Standards and Technology of the Depart-ment of Commerce, then the adjustments for that fiscal year shall be the amount of addi-tional new budget authority provided in that Act for such programs for that fiscal year, but shall not exceed— 
‘‘(I) for fiscal year 2016, $31,000,000 in addi-
tional new budget authority; 
‘‘(II) for fiscal year 2017, $62,000,000 in addi-
tional new budget authority; 
‘‘(III) for fiscal year 2018, $96,000,000 in ad-
ditional new budget authority; 
‘‘(IV) for fiscal year 2019, $132,000,000 in ad-
ditional new budget authority; 
‘‘(V) for fiscal year 2020, $173,000,000 in addi-
tional new budget authority; and 
‘‘(VI) for fiscal year 2021, $216,000,000 in ad-
ditional new budget authority. 
‘‘(v) N
ATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE AD -
MINISTRATION SCIENCE DIRECTORATE .—If a bill 
or joint resolution making appropriations for a fiscal year is enacted that specifies amounts for the Science Mission Directorate of the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration, then the adjustments for that fiscal year shall be the amount of additional new budget authority provided in that Act for such program for that fiscal year, but shall not exceed— 
‘‘(I) for fiscal year 2016, $267,000,000 in addi-
tional new budget authority; ‘‘(II) for fiscal year 2017, $559,000,000 in ad-
ditional new budget authority; 
‘‘(III) for fiscal year 2018, $876,000,000 in ad-
ditional new budget authority; 
‘‘(IV) for fiscal year 2019, $1,222,000,000 in 
additional new budget authority; 
‘‘(V) for fiscal year 2020, $1,598,000,000 in ad-
ditional new budget authority; and 
‘‘(VI) for fiscal year 2021, $2,006,000,000 in 
additional new budget authority. 
‘‘(vi) D
EFINITIONS .—As used in this sub-
paragraph: 
‘‘(I) A DDITIONAL NEW BUDGET AUTHORITY .— 
The term ‘additional new budget authority’ means— 
‘‘(aa) with respect to the National Science 
Foundation, the amount provided for a fiscal year, in excess of the amount provided in fis-cal year 2015, in an appropriation Act and specified to support the National Science Foundation; 
‘‘(bb) with respect to the Department of 
Energy Office of Science, the amount pro-vided for a fiscal year, in excess of the amount provided in fiscal year 2015, in an ap-propriation Act and specified to support the Department of Energy Office of Science; 
‘‘(cc) with respect to the Department of 
Defense Science and Technology Programs, the amount provided for a fiscal year, in ex-cess of the amount provided in fiscal year 2015, in an appropriation Act and specified to support the Department of Defense Science and Technology Programs; 
‘‘(dd) with respect to the National Insti-
tute of Standards and Technology Scientific and Technical Research Services, the amount provided for a fiscal year, in excess of the amount provided in fiscal year 2015, in an appropriation Act and specified to sup-port the National Institute of Standards and Technology Scientific and Technical Re-search Services; and 
‘‘(ee) with respect to the National Aero-
nautics and Space Administration Science Directorate, the amount provided for a fiscal year, in excess of the amount provided in fis-cal year 2015, in an appropriation Act and specified to support the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration Science Directorate. 
‘‘(II) N
ATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION .—The 
term ‘National Science Foundation’ means the appropriations accounts that support the various institutes, offices, and centers that make up the National Science Foundation. 
‘‘(III) D
EPARTMENT OF ENERGY OFFICE OF  
SCIENCE .—The term ‘Department of Energy 
Office of Science’ means the appropriations accounts that support the various institutes, offices, and centers that make up the De-
partment of Energy Office of Science. 
‘‘(IV) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE SCIENCE AND  
TECHNOLOGY PROGRAMS .—The term ‘Depart-
ment of Defense Science and Technology programs’ means the appropriations ac-counts that support the various institutes, offices, and centers that make up the De-partment of Defense Science and Technology programs. 
‘‘(V) N
ATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS  
AND TECHNOLOGY SCIENTIFIC AND TECHNICAL  
RESEARCH AND SERVICES .—The term ‘National 
Institute of Standards and Technology Sci-entific and Technical Research and Services’ means the appropriations accounts that sup-port the various institutes, offices, and cen-ters that make up the National Institute of Standards and Technology Scientific and Technical Research and Services. 
‘‘(VI) N
ATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE AD -
MINISTRATION SCIENCE DIRECTORATE .—The 
term ‘National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration Science Directorate’ means the appropriations accounts that support the various institutes, offices, and centers that make up the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Science Directorate.’’. (b) F
UNDING .—There are hereby authorized 
to be appropriated— 
(1) for the National Science Foundation, 
the amounts provided for under clause (i) of such section 251(b)(2)(D) in each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, and such sums as may be necessary for each subsequent fiscal year; 
(2) for the Department of Energy Office of 
Sciences, the amounts provided for under clause (ii) of such section 251(b)(2)(D) in each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, and such sums as may be necessary for each subse-quent fiscal year; 
(3) for the Department of Defense Science 
and Technology programs, the amounts pro-vided for under clause (iii) of such section 251(b)(2)(D) in each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, and such sums as may be nec-essary for each subsequent fiscal year; 
(4) for the National Institute of Standards 
and Technology Scientific and Technical Re-search and Services, the amounts provided for under clause (iv) of such section 251(b)(2)(D) in each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, and such sums as may be nec-essary for each subsequent fiscal year; and 
(5) for the National Aeronautics and Space 
Administration Science Directorate, the amounts provided for under clause (iv) of such section 251(b)(2)(D) in each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, and such sums as may be necessary for each subsequent fiscal year. 
(c) M
INIMUM CONTINUED FUNDING REQUIRE -
MENT .—Amounts appropriated for each of the 
programs and agencies described in section 251(b)(2)(D) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (as added by subsection (a)) for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, and each subsequent fiscal year, shall not be less than the amounts appropriated for such programs and agencies for fiscal year 2015. 
(d) E
XEMPTION OF CERTAIN APPROPRIATIONS  
FROMSEQUESTRATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 255(g)(1)(A) of the 
Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act (2 U.S.C. 905(g)(1)(A)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘Advances to the Unem-ployment Trust Fund and Other Funds (16– 0327–0–1–600).’’ the following: 
‘‘Appropriations under the American Inno-
vation Act.’’. 
(2) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendment made 
by this section shall apply to any sequestra-tion order issued under the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900 et seq.) on or after the date of en-actment of this Act. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 301. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 302. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 303. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 304. Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. 
H
OEVEN , Ms. H EITKAMP , and Mr. R OUNDS ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 305. Ms. AYOTTE (for herself, Mr. 
P
ORTMAN , and Mr. R UBIO) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR6.013 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1533 March 16, 2015 
SA 306. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 307. Mr. TILLIS submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 308. Mr. CASSIDY (for himself and Mr. 
P
ETERS ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 309. Mr. GRASSLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 310. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 311. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Ms. 
A
YOTTE , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and 
Ms. B ALDWIN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 312. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 313. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 314. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 315. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 316. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 301. Mr. LEAHY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Strike all after the first word and insert 
the following: 
1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
TITLE I—JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF 
TRAFFICKING 
Sec. 101. Domestic Trafficking Victims’ 
Fund. 
Sec. 102. Clarifying the benefits and protec-
tions offered to domestic vic-tims of human trafficking. 
Sec. 103. Victim-centered child human traf-
ficking deterrence block grant program. 
Sec. 104. Direct services for victims of child 
pornography. 
Sec. 105. Increasing compensation and res-
titution for trafficking victims. 
Sec. 106. Streamlining human trafficking in-
vestigations. 
Sec. 107. Enhancing human trafficking re-
porting. 
Sec. 108. Reducing demand for sex traf-
ficking. 
Sec. 109. Sense of Congress. Sec. 110. Using existing task forces and com-
ponents to target offenders who exploit children. 
Sec. 111. Targeting child predators. Sec. 112. Monitoring all human traffickers 
as violent criminals. 
Sec. 113. Crime victims’ rights. Sec. 114. Combat Human Trafficking Act. Sec. 115. Survivors of Human Trafficking 
Empowerment Act. 
Sec. 116. Bringing Missing Children Home 
Act. 
Sec. 117. Grant accountability. 
TITLE II—COMBATING HUMAN 
TRAFFICKING 
Subtitle A—Enhancing Services for Runaway 
and Homeless Victims of Youth Trafficking 
Sec. 201. Amendments to the Runaway and 
Homeless Youth Act. 
Subtitle B—Improving the Response to 
Victims of Child Sex Trafficking 
Sec. 211. Response to victims of child sex 
trafficking. 
Subtitle C—Interagency Task Force to 
Monitor and Combat Trafficking 
Sec. 221. Victim of trafficking defined. 
Sec. 222. Interagency task force report on 
child trafficking primary pre-vention. 
Sec. 223. GAO Report on intervention. Sec. 224. Provision of housing permitted to 
protect and assist in the recov-ery of victims of trafficking. 
TITLE III—HERO ACT 
Sec. 301. Short title. 
Sec. 302. HERO Act. 
TITLE IV—RUNAWAY AND HOMELESS 
YOUTH AND TRAFFICKING PREVEN-TION ACT 
Sec. 401. Runaway and homeless youth and 
trafficking prevention. 
Sec. 402. Response to missing children and 
victims of child sex trafficking. 
TITLE V—STOP EXPLOITATION 
THROUGH TRAFFICKING ACT 
Sec. 501. Short title. 
Sec. 502. Safe Harbor Incentives. Sec. 503. Report on restitution paid in con-
nection with certain trafficking offenses. 
Sec. 504. National human trafficking hot-
line. 
Sec. 505. Job corps eligibility. Sec. 506. Clarification of authority of the 
United States Marshals Serv-ice. 
Sec. 507. Establishing a national strategy to 
combat human trafficking. 
TITLE I—JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF 
TRAFFICKING 
SEC. 101. DOMESTIC TRAFFICKING VICTIMS’ 
FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 201 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 3014. Additional special assessment 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Beginning on the date of 
enactment of the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act of 2015 and ending on September, 30 2019, in addition to the assessment im-posed under section 3013, the court shall as-sess an amount of $5,000 on any non-indigent person or entity convicted of an offense under— 
‘‘(1) chapter 77 (relating to peonage, slav-
ery, and trafficking in persons); 
‘‘(2) chapter 109A (relating to sexual 
abuse); 
‘‘(3) chapter 110 (relating to sexual exploi-
tation and other abuse of children); 
‘‘(4) chapter 117 (relating to transportation 
for illegal sexual activity and related crimes); or ‘‘(5) section 274 of the Immigration and Na-
tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324) (relating to human smuggling), unless the person in-duced, assisted, abetted, or aided only an in-dividual who at the time of such action was the alien’s spouse, parent, son, or daughter (and no other individual) to enter the United States in violation of law. 
‘‘(b) S
ATISFACTION OF OTHER COURT -OR-
DERED OBLIGATIONS .—An assessment under 
subsection (a) shall not be payable until the person subject to the assessment has satis-fied all outstanding court-ordered fines and orders of restitution arising from the crimi-nal convictions on which the special assess-ment is based. 
‘‘(c) E
STABLISHMENT OF DOMESTIC TRAF-
FICKING VICTIMS ’ FUND.—There is established 
in the Treasury of the United States a fund, to be known as the ‘Domestic Trafficking Victims’ Fund’ (referred to in this section as the ‘Fund’), to be administered by the Attor-ney General, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Homeland Security and the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services. 
‘‘(d) D
EPOSITS .—Notwithstanding section 
3302 of title 31, or any other law regarding the crediting of money received for the Gov-ernment, there shall be deposited in the Fund an amount equal to the amount of the assessments collected under this section, which shall remain available until expended. 
‘‘(e) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From amounts in the 
Fund, in addition to any other amounts available, and without further appropriation, the Attorney General, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall, for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020, use amounts available in the Fund to award grants or enhance victims’ program-ming under— 
‘‘(A) sections 202, 203, and 204 of the Traf-
ficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 14044a, 14044b, and 14044c); 
‘‘(B) subsections (b)(2) and (f) of section 107 
of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 
2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105); and 
‘‘(C) section 214(b) of the Victims of Child 
Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13002(b)). 
‘‘(2) G
RANTS .—Of the amounts in the Fund 
used under paragraph (1), not less than $2,000,000, if such amounts are available in the Fund during the relevant fiscal year, shall be used for grants to provide services for child pornography victims under section 214(b) of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13002(b)). 
‘‘(f) T
RANSFERS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Effective on the day 
after the date of enactment of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015, on Sep-tember 30 of each fiscal year, all unobligated balances in the Fund shall be transferred to the Crime Victims Fund established under section 1402 of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10601). 
‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts transferred 
under paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) shall be available for any authorized 
purpose of the Crime Victims Fund; and 
‘‘(B) shall remain available until expended. 
‘‘(g) C OLLECTION METHOD .—The amount as-
sessed under subsection (a) shall, subject to subsection (b), be collected in the manner that fines are collected in criminal cases. 
‘‘(h) D
URATION OF OBLIGATION .—Subject to 
section 3613(b), the obligation to pay an as-sessment imposed on or after the date of en-actment of the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act of 2015 shall not cease until the assessment is paid in full.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 201 
of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3013 the following: 
‘‘3014. Additional special assessment.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A16MR6.011 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1534 March 16, 2015 
SEC. 102. CLARIFYING THE BENEFITS AND PRO-
TECTIONS OFFERED TO DOMESTIC VICTIMS OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING. 
Section 107(b)(1) of the Trafficking Victims 
Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(b)(1)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraphs (F) and 
(G) as subparagraphs (G) and (H), respec-tively; 
(2) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the 
following: 
‘‘(F) N
O REQUIREMENT OF OFFICIAL CERTIFI -
CATION FOR UNITED STATES CITIZENS AND LAW -
FUL PERMANENT RESIDENTS .—Nothing in this 
section may be construed to require United States citizens or lawful permanent resi-dents who are victims of severe forms of traf-ficking to obtain an official certification from the Secretary of Health and Human Services in order to access any of the spe-cialized services described in this subsection or any other Federal benefits and protec-tions to which they are otherwise entitled.’’; and 
(3) in subparagraph (H), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘subparagraph (F)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (G)’’. 
SEC. 103. VICTIM-CENTERED CHILD HUMAN 
TRAFFICKING DETERRENCE BLOCK GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 203 of the Traf-
ficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 14044b) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 203. VICTIM-CENTERED CHILD HUMAN 
TRAFFICKING DETERRENCE BLOCK GRANT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .—The Attorney 
General may award block grants to an eligi-ble entity to develop, improve, or expand do-mestic child human trafficking deterrence programs that assist law enforcement offi-cers, prosecutors, judicial officials, and qualified victims’ services organizations in collaborating to rescue and restore the lives of victims, while investigating and pros-ecuting offenses involving child human traf-ficking. 
‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Grants 
awarded under subsection (a) may be used for— 
‘‘(1) the establishment or enhancement of 
specialized training programs for law en-forcement officers, first responders, health care officials, child welfare officials, juvenile justice personnel, prosecutors, and judicial personnel to— 
‘‘(A) identify victims and acts of child 
human trafficking; 
‘‘(B) address the unique needs of child vic-
tims of human trafficking; 
‘‘(C) facilitate the rescue of child victims 
of human trafficking; 
‘‘(D) investigate and prosecute acts of 
human trafficking, including the soliciting, patronizing, or purchasing of commercial sex acts from children, as well as training to build cases against complex criminal net-works involved in child human trafficking; and 
‘‘(E) utilize, implement, and provide edu-
cation on safe harbor laws enacted by States, aimed at preventing the criminalization and prosecution of child sex trafficking victims for prostitution offenses, and other laws aimed at the investigation and prosecution of child human trafficking; 
‘‘(2) the establishment or enhancement of 
dedicated anti-trafficking law enforcement units and task forces to investigate child human trafficking offenses and to rescue vic-tims, including— 
‘‘(A) funding salaries, in whole or in part, 
for law enforcement officers, including pa-trol officers, detectives, and investigators, except that the percentage of the salary of the law enforcement officer paid for by funds from a grant awarded under this section shall not be more than the percentage of the 
officer’s time on duty that is dedicated to working on cases involving child human traf-ficking; 
‘‘(B) investigation expenses for cases in-
volving child human trafficking, including— 
‘‘(i) wire taps; ‘‘(ii) consultants with expertise specific to 
cases involving child human trafficking; 
‘‘(iii) travel; and ‘‘(iv) other technical assistance expendi-
tures; 
‘‘(C) dedicated anti-trafficking prosecution 
units, including the funding of salaries for State and local prosecutors, including assist-ing in paying trial expenses for prosecution of child human trafficking offenders, except that the percentage of the total salary of a State or local prosecutor that is paid using an award under this section shall be not more than the percentage of the total num-ber of hours worked by the prosecutor that is spent working on cases involving child human trafficking; 
‘‘(D) the establishment of child human 
trafficking victim witness safety, assistance, and relocation programs that encourage co-operation with law enforcement investiga-tions of crimes of child human trafficking by leveraging existing resources and delivering child human trafficking victims’ services through coordination with— 
‘‘(i) child advocacy centers; ‘‘(ii) social service agencies; ‘‘(iii) State governmental health service 
agencies; 
‘‘(iv) housing agencies; ‘‘(v) legal services agencies; and ‘‘(vi) nongovernmental organizations and 
shelter service providers with substantial ex-perience in delivering wrap-around services to victims of child human trafficking; and 
‘‘(E) the establishment or enhancement of 
other necessary victim assistance programs or personnel, such as victim or child advo-cates, child-protective services, child foren-sic interviews, or other necessary service providers; and 
‘‘(3) the establishment or enhancement of 
problem solving court programs for traf-ficking victims that include— 
‘‘(A) mandatory and regular training re-
quirements for judicial officials involved in the administration or operation of the court program described under this paragraph; 
‘‘(B) continuing judicial supervision of vic-
tims of child human trafficking, including case worker or child welfare supervision in collaboration with judicial officers, who have been identified by a law enforcement or judicial officer as a potential victim of child 
human trafficking, regardless of whether the victim has been charged with a crime related to human trafficking; 
‘‘(C) the development of a specialized and 
individualized, court-ordered treatment pro-gram for identified victims of child human trafficking, including— 
‘‘(i) State-administered outpatient treat-
ment; 
‘‘(ii) life skills training; ‘‘(iii) housing placement; ‘‘(iv) vocational training; ‘‘(v) education; ‘‘(vi) family support services; and ‘‘(vii) job placement; ‘‘(D) centralized case management involv-
ing the consolidation of all of each child human trafficking victim’s cases and of-fenses, and the coordination of all traf-ficking victim treatment programs and so-cial services; 
‘‘(E) regular and mandatory court appear-
ances by the victim during the duration of the treatment program for purposes of ensur-ing compliance and effectiveness; 
‘‘(F) the ultimate dismissal of relevant 
non-violent criminal charges against the vic-tim, where such victim successfully complies 
with the terms of the court-ordered treat-ment program; and 
‘‘(G) collaborative efforts with child advo-
cacy centers, child welfare agencies, shel-ters, and nongovernmental organizations with substantial experience in delivering wrap-around services to victims of child human trafficking to provide services to vic-tims and encourage cooperation with law en-forcement. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity shall 
submit an application to the Attorney Gen-eral for a grant under this section in such form and manner as the Attorney General may require. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION .—An applica-
tion submitted under this subsection shall— 
‘‘(A) describe the activities for which as-
sistance under this section is sought; 
‘‘(B) include a detailed plan for the use of 
funds awarded under the grant; 
‘‘(C) provide such additional information 
and assurances as the Attorney General de-termines to be necessary to ensure compli-ance with the requirements of this section; and 
‘‘(D) disclose— ‘‘(i) any other grant funding from the De-
partment of Justice or from any other Fed-eral department or agency for purposes simi-lar to those described in subsection (b) for which the eligible entity has applied, and which application is pending on the date of the submission of an application under this section; and 
‘‘(ii) any other such grant funding that the 
eligible entity has received during the 5-year period ending on the date of the submission of an application under this section. 
‘‘(3) P
REFERENCE .—In reviewing applica-
tions submitted in accordance with para-graphs (1) and (2), the Attorney General shall give preference to grant applications if— 
‘‘(A) the application includes a plan to use 
awarded funds to engage in all activities de-scribed under paragraphs (1) through (3) of subsection (b); or 
‘‘(B) the application includes a plan by the 
State or unit of local government to con-tinue funding of all activities funded by the award after the expiration of the award. 
‘‘(d) D
URATION AND RENEWAL OF AWARD .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A grant under this sec-
tion shall expire 3 years after the date of award of the grant. 
‘‘(2) R
ENEWAL .—A grant under this section 
shall be renewable not more than 2 times and for a period of not greater than 2 years. 
‘‘(e) E
VALUATION .—The Attorney General 
shall— 
‘‘(1) enter into a contract with a non-
governmental organization, including an academic or nonprofit organization, that has experience with issues related to child human trafficking and evaluation of grant programs to conduct periodic evaluations of grants made under this section to determine the impact and effectiveness of programs funded with grants awarded under this sec-tion; 
‘‘(2) instruct the Inspector General of the 
Department of Justice to review evaluations issued under paragraph (1) to determine the methodological and statistical validity of the evaluations; and 
‘‘(3) submit the results of any evaluation 
conducted pursuant to paragraph (1) to— 
‘‘(A) the Committee on the Judiciary of 
the Senate; and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
House of Representatives. 
‘‘(f) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—An eligible 
entity awarded funds under this section that is found to have used grant funds for any un-authorized expenditure or otherwise unal-lowable cost shall not be eligible for any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR6.014 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1535 March 16, 2015 
grant funds awarded under the block grant 
for 2 fiscal years following the year in which the unauthorized expenditure or unallowable cost is reported. 
‘‘(g) C
OMPLIANCE REQUIREMENT .—An eligi-
ble entity shall not be eligible to receive a grant under this section if within the 5 fiscal years before submitting an application for a grant under this section, the grantee has been found to have violated the terms or conditions of a Government grant program by utilizing grant funds for unauthorized ex-penditures or otherwise unallowable costs. 
‘‘(h) A
DMINISTRATIVE CAP.—The cost of ad-
ministering the grants authorized by this section shall not exceed 5 percent of the total amount expended to carry out this sec-tion. 
‘‘(i) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
the cost of a program funded by a grant awarded under this section shall be— 
‘‘(1) 70 percent in the first year; ‘‘(2) 60 percent in the second year; and ‘‘(3) 50 percent in the third year, and in all 
subsequent years. 
‘‘(j) A
UTHORIZATION OF FUNDING ; F ULLY  
OFFSET .—For purposes of carrying out this 
section, the Attorney General, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of Health and 
Human Services, is authorized to award not more than $7,000,000 of the funds available in the Domestic Trafficking Victims’ Fund, es-tablished under section 3014 of title 18, United States Code, for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
‘‘(k) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘child’ means a person under 
the age of 18; 
‘‘(2) the term ‘child advocacy center’ 
means a center created under subtitle A of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13001 et seq.); 
‘‘(3) the term ‘child human trafficking’ 
means 1 or more severe forms of trafficking in persons (as defined in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)) involving a victim who is a child; and 
‘‘(4) the term ‘eligible entity’ means a 
State or unit of local government that— 
‘‘(A) has significant criminal activity in-
volving child human trafficking; 
‘‘(B) has demonstrated cooperation be-
tween Federal, State, local, and, where ap-plicable, tribal law enforcement agencies, prosecutors, and social service providers in addressing child human trafficking; 
‘‘(C) has developed a workable, multi-dis-
ciplinary plan to combat child human traf-ficking, including— 
‘‘(i) the establishment of a shelter for vic-
tims of child human trafficking, through ex-isting or new facilities; 
‘‘(ii) the provision of trauma-informed, 
gender-responsive rehabilitative care to vic-tims of child human trafficking; 
‘‘(iii) the provision of specialized training 
for law enforcement officers and social serv-ice providers for all forms of human traf-ficking, with a focus on domestic child human trafficking; 
‘‘(iv) prevention, deterrence, and prosecu-
tion of offenses involving child human traf-ficking, including soliciting, patronizing, or purchasing human acts with children; 
‘‘(v) cooperation or referral agreements 
with organizations providing outreach or other related services to runaway and home-less youth; 
‘‘(vi) law enforcement protocols or proce-
dures to screen all individuals arrested for prostitution, whether adult or child, for vic-timization by sex trafficking and by other crimes, such as sexual assault and domestic violence; and 
‘‘(vii) cooperation or referral agreements 
with State child welfare agencies and child advocacy centers; and ‘‘(D) provides an assurance that, under the 
plan under subparagraph (C), a victim of child human trafficking shall not be required to collaborate with law enforcement officers to have access to any shelter or services pro-vided with a grant under this section. 
‘‘(l) G
RANT ACCOUNTABILITY ; SPECIALIZED  
VICTIMS ’ SERVICE REQUIREMENT .—No grant 
funds under this section may be awarded or transferred to any entity unless such entity has demonstrated substantial experience providing services to victims of human traf-ficking or related populations (such as run-away and homeless youth), or employs staff specialized in the treatment of human traf-ficking victims.’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents in section 1(b) of the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (22 U.S.C. 7101 note) is amended by striking the item relating to section 203 and inserting the following: 
‘‘Sec. 203. Victim-centered child human traf-
ficking deterrence block grant program.’’. 
SEC. 104. DIRECT SERVICES FOR VICTIMS OF 
CHILD PORNOGRAPHY. 
The Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 
U.S.C. 13001 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 212(5) (42 U.S.C. 13001a(5)), by 
inserting ‘‘, including human trafficking and the production of child pornography’’ before the semicolon at the end; and 
(2) in section 214 (42 U.S.C. 13002)— (A) by redesignating subsections (b), (c), 
and (d) as subsections (c), (d), and (e), respec-tively; and 
(B) by inserting after subsection (a) the 
following: 
‘‘(b) D
IRECT SERVICES FOR VICTIMS OF CHILD 
PORNOGRAPHY .—The Administrator, in co-
ordination with the Director and with the Director of the Office of Victims of Crime, may make grants to develop and implement specialized programs to identify and provide direct services to victims of child pornog-raphy.’’. 
SEC. 105. INCREASING COMPENSATION AND RES-
TITUTION FOR TRAFFICKING VIC-TIMS. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO TITLE 18.—Section 1594 
of title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘that was used or’’ and in-
serting ‘‘that was involved in, used, or’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘, and any property trace-
able to such property’’ after ‘‘such viola-tion’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, or any 
property traceable to such property’’ after ‘‘such violation’’; 
(2) in subsection (e)(1)(A)— (A) by striking ‘‘used or’’ and inserting 
‘‘involved in, used, or’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘, and any property trace-
able to such property’’ after ‘‘any violation of this chapter’’; 
(3) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-
section (g); and 
(4) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(f) T
RANSFER OF FORFEITED ASSETS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the Attorney General shall transfer assets forfeited pursuant to this section, or the proceeds derived from the sale thereof, to satisfy victim restitution or-ders arising from violations of this chapter. 
‘‘(2) P
RIORITY .—Transfers pursuant to para-
graph (1) shall have priority over any other claims to the assets or their proceeds. 
‘‘(3) U
SE OF NONFORFEITED ASSETS .—Trans-
fers pursuant to paragraph (1) shall not re-duce or otherwise mitigate the obligation of a person convicted of a violation of this chapter to satisfy the full amount of a res-titution order through the use of non-for-
feited assets or to reimburse the Attorney General for the value of assets or proceeds transferred under this subsection through the use of nonforfeited assets.’’. 
(b) A
MENDMENT TO TITLE 28.—Section 
524(c)(1)(B) of title 28, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘chapter 77 of title 18,’’ after ‘‘criminal drug laws of the United States or of’’. 
(c) A
MENDMENTS TO TITLE 31.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 97 of title 31, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by redesignating section 9703 (as added 
by section 638(b)(1) of the Treasury, Postal Service, and General Government Appropria-tions Act, 1993 (Public Law 102–393; 106 Stat. 1779)) as section 9705; and 
(B) in section 9705(a), as redesignated— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in subparagraph (I)— (aa) by striking ‘‘payment’’ and inserting 
‘‘Payment’’; and 
(bb) by striking the semicolon at the end 
and inserting a period; and 
(II) in subparagraph (J), by striking ‘‘pay-
ment’’ and inserting ‘‘Payment’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) in subparagraph (B)— (aa) in clause (iii)— (AA) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘or’’ and 
inserting ‘‘of’’; and 
(BB) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(bb) in clause (iv), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(cc) by inserting after clause (iv) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(v) United States Immigration and Cus-
toms Enforcement with respect to a viola-tion of chapter 77 of title 18 (relating to human trafficking);’’; 
(II) in subparagraph (G), by adding ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; and 
(III) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘; 
and’’ and inserting a period. 
(2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(A) C ROSS REFERENCES .— 
(i) T ITLE 28 .—Section 524(c) of title 28, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(I) in paragraph (4)(C), by striking ‘‘section 
9703(g)(4)(A)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9705(g)(4)(A)’’; 
(II) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘section 
9703(p)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9705(o)’’; and 
(III) in paragraph (11), by striking ‘‘section 
9703’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9705’’. 
(ii) T
ITLE 31 .—Title 31, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(I) in section 312(d), by striking ‘‘section 
9703’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9705’’; and 
(II) in section 5340(1), by striking ‘‘section 
9703(p)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9705(o)’’. 
(iii) T ITLE 39 .—Section 2003(e)(1) of title 39, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 9703(p)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9705(o)’’. 
(B) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-
tions for chapter 97 of title 31, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘9701. Fees and charges for Government serv-
ices and things of value. 
‘‘9702. Investment of trust funds. ‘‘9703. Managerial accountability and flexi-
bility. 
‘‘9704. Pilot projects for managerial account-
ability and flexibility. 
‘‘9705. Department of the Treasury For-
feiture Fund.’’. 
SEC. 106. STREAMLINING HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
INVESTIGATIONS. 
Section 2516 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (a), by inserting a 
comma after ‘‘weapons)’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR6.014 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1536 March 16, 2015 
(B) in subparagraph (c)— 
(i) by inserting ‘‘section 1581 (peonage), 
section 1584 (involuntary servitude), section 1589 (forced labor), section 1590 (trafficking with respect to peonage, slavery, involun-tary servitude, or forced labor),’’ before ‘‘sec-tion 1591’’; 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘section 1592 (unlawful 
conduct with respect to documents in fur-therance of trafficking, peonage, slavery, in-voluntary servitude, or forced labor),’’ before ‘‘section 1751’’; 
(iii) by inserting a comma after ‘‘virus)’’; (iv) by striking ‘‘,, section’’ and inserting a 
comma; 
(v) by striking ‘‘or’’ after ‘‘misuse of pass-
ports),’’; and 
(vi) by inserting ‘‘or’’ before ‘‘section 555’’; (C) in subparagraph (j), by striking ‘‘pipe-
line,)’’ and inserting ‘‘pipeline),’’; and 
(D) in subparagraph (p), by striking ‘‘docu-
ments, section 1028A (relating to aggravated identity theft))’’ and inserting ‘‘documents), section 1028A (relating to aggravated iden-tity theft)’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘human 
trafficking, child sexual exploitation, child pornography production,’’ after ‘‘kidnap-ping’’. 
SEC. 107. ENHANCING HUMAN TRAFFICKING RE-
PORTING. 
Section 505 of title I of the Omnibus Crime 
Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3755) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(i) P
ART 1 VIOLENT CRIMES TOINCLUDE  
HUMAN TRAFFICKING .—For purposes of this 
section, the term ‘part 1 violent crimes’ shall include severe forms of trafficking in persons (as defined in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)).’’. 
SEC. 108. REDUCING DEMAND FOR SEX TRAF-
FICKING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1591 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘or 
maintains’’ and inserting ‘‘maintains, pa-tronizes, or solicits’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or ob-
tained’’ and inserting ‘‘obtained, patronized, or solicited’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or ob-
tained’’ and inserting ‘‘obtained, patronized, or solicited’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘or maintained’’ and in-
serting ‘‘, maintained, patronized, or solic-ited’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘knew that the person’’ and 
inserting ‘‘knew, or recklessly disregarded the fact, that the person’’. 
(b) D
EFINITION AMENDED .—Section 103(10) 
of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(10)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘or obtaining’’ and inserting ‘‘obtaining, patronizing, or soliciting’’. 
(c) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the amend-
ments made by this section is to clarify the range of conduct punished as sex trafficking. 
SEC. 109. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) section 1591 of title 18, United States 
Code, defines a sex trafficker as a person who ‘‘knowingly. . .recruits, entices, harbors, transports, provides, obtains, or maintains by any means a person. . .knowing, or in reckless disregard of the fact, that means of force, threats of force, fraud, coercion. . .or any combination of such means will be used to cause the person to engage in a commer-cial sex act, or that the person has not at-tained the age of 18 years and will be caused to engage in a commercial sex act’’; 
(2) while use of the word ‘‘obtains’’ in sec-
tion 1591, United States Code, has been inter-preted, prior to the date of enactment of this 
Act, to encompass those who purchase illicit sexual acts from trafficking victims, some confusion persists; 
(3) in United States vs. Jungers, 702 F.3d 
1066 (8th Cir. 2013), the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit ruled that section 1591 of title 18, United States Code, applied to persons who purchase illicit sex-ual acts with trafficking victims after the United States District Court for the District of South Dakota erroneously granted mo-tions to acquit these buyers in two separate cases; and 
(4) section 108 of this title amends section 
1591 of title 18, United States Code, to add the words ‘‘solicits or patronizes’’ to the sex trafficking statute making absolutely clear for judges, juries, prosecutors, and law en-forcement officials that criminals who pur-chase sexual acts from human trafficking victims may be arrested, prosecuted, and convicted as sex trafficking offenders when this is merited by the facts of a particular case. 
SEC. 110. USING EXISTING TASK FORCES AND 
COMPONENTS TO TARGET OFFEND-ERS WHO EXPLOIT CHILDREN. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall ensure that— 
(1) all task forces and working groups 
within the Innocence Lost National Initia-tive engage in activities, programs, or oper-ations to increase the investigative capabili-ties of State and local law enforcement offi-cers in the detection, investigation, and prosecution of persons who patronize, or so-licit children for sex; and 
(2) all components and task forces with ju-
risdiction to detect, investigate, and pros-ecute cases of child labor trafficking engage in activities, programs, or operations to in-crease the capacity of such components to deter and punish child labor trafficking. 
SEC. 111. TARGETING CHILD PREDATORS. 
(a) C LARIFYING THAT CHILD PORNOGRAPHY  
PRODUCERS AREHUMAN TRAFFICKERS .—Sec-
tion 2423(f) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘means (1) a’’ and inserting 
the following: ‘‘means— 
‘‘(1) a’’; (2) by striking ‘‘United States; or (2) any’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘United States; 
‘‘(2) any’’; and (3) by striking the period at the end and in-
serting the following: ‘‘; or 
‘‘(3) production of child pornography (as 
defined in section 2256(8)).’’. 
(b) H
OLDING SEXTRAFFICKERS ACCOUNT -
ABLE .—Section 2423(g) of title 18, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘a pre-ponderance of the evidence’’ and inserting ‘‘clear and convincing evidence’’. 
SEC. 112. MONITORING ALL HUMAN TRAF-
FICKERS AS VIOLENT CRIMINALS. 
Section 3156(a)(4)(C) of title 18, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘77,’’ after ‘‘chapter’’. 
SEC. 113. CRIME VICTIMS’ RIGHTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3771 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(9) The right to be informed in a timely 
manner of any plea bargain or deferred pros-ecution agreement. 
‘‘(10) The right to be informed of the rights 
under this section and the services described in section 503(c) of the Victims’ Rights and Restitution Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 10607(c)) and provided contact information for the Of-fice of the Victims’ Rights Ombudsman of the Department of Justice.’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)(3), in the fifth sen-
tence, by inserting ‘‘, unless the litigants, with the approval of the court, have stipu-
lated to a different time period for consider-ation’’ before the period; and 
(3) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking ‘‘this chapter, the term’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘this chapter: 
‘‘(1) C
OURT OF APPEALS .—The term ‘court of 
appeals’ means— 
‘‘(A) the United States court of appeals for 
the judicial district in which a defendant is being prosecuted; or 
‘‘(B) for a prosecution in the Superior 
Court of the District of Columbia, the Dis-trict of Columbia Court of Appeals. 
‘‘(2) C
RIME VICTIM .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘In the case’’ and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(B) M INORS AND CERTAIN OTHER VICTIMS .— 
In the case’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) D
ISTRICT COURT ; COURT .—The terms 
‘district court’ and ‘court’ include the Supe-rior Court of the District of Columbia.’’. 
(b) C
RIME VICTIMS FUND.—Section 
1402(d)(3)(A)(i) of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10601(d)(3)(A)(i)) is amended by inserting ‘‘section’’ before ‘‘3771’’. 
(c) A
PPELLATE REVIEW OF PETITIONS RE-
LATING TO CRIME VICTIMS ’ RIGHTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 3771(d)(3) of title 
18, United States Code, as amended by sub-section (a)(2) of this section, is amended by inserting after the fifth sentence the fol-lowing: ‘‘In deciding such application, the court of appeals shall apply ordinary stand-ards of appellate review.’’. 
(2) A
PPLICATION .—The amendment made by 
paragraph (1) shall apply with respect to any petition for a writ of mandamus filed under section 3771(d)(3) of title 18, United States Code, that is pending on the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 114. COMBAT HUMAN TRAFFICKING ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Combat Human Trafficking Act of 2015’’. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C OMMERCIAL SEX ACT ; SEVERE FORMS OF  
TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS ; STATE ; TASK  
FORCE .—The terms ‘‘commercial sex act’’, 
‘‘severe forms of trafficking in persons’’, ‘‘State’’, and ‘‘Task Force’’ have the mean-ings given those terms in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
(2) C
OVERED OFFENDER .—The term ‘‘covered 
offender’’ means an individual who obtains, patronizes, or solicits a commercial sex act involving a person subject to severe forms of trafficking in persons. 
(3) C
OVERED OFFENSE .—The term ‘‘covered 
offense’’ means the provision, obtaining, pa-tronizing, or soliciting of a commercial sex act involving a person subject to severe forms of trafficking in persons. 
(4) F
EDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER .— 
The term ‘‘Federal law enforcement officer’’ has the meaning given the term in section 115 of title 18, United States Code. 
(5) L
OCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER .—The 
term ‘‘local law enforcement officer’’ means any officer, agent, or employee of a unit of local government authorized by law or by a local government agency to engage in or su-pervise the prevention, detection, investiga-tion, or prosecution of any violation of criminal law. 
(6) S
TATE LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER .—The 
term ‘‘State law enforcement officer’’ means any officer, agent, or employee of a State au-thorized by law or by a State government agency to engage in or supervise the preven-tion, detection, investigation, or prosecution of any violation of criminal law. 
(c) D
EPARTMENT OF JUSTICE TRAINING AND  
POLICY FOR LAWENFORCEMENT OFFICERS , 
PROSECUTORS , ANDJUDGES .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR6.014 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1537 March 16, 2015 
(1) T RAINING .— 
(A) L AW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS .—The At-
torney General shall ensure that each anti- human trafficking program operated by the Department of Justice, including each anti- human trafficking training program for Fed-eral, State, or local law enforcement offi-cers, includes technical training on— 
(i) effective methods for investigating and 
prosecuting covered offenders; and 
(ii) facilitating the provision of physical 
and mental health services by health care providers to persons subject to severe forms of trafficking in persons. 
(B) F
EDERAL PROSECUTORS .—The Attorney 
General shall ensure that each anti-human trafficking program operated by the Depart-ment of Justice for United States attorneys or other Federal prosecutors includes train-ing on seeking restitution for offenses under chapter 77 of title 18, United States Code, to ensure that each United States attorney or other Federal prosecutor, upon obtaining a conviction for such an offense, requests a specific amount of restitution for each vic-tim of the offense without regard to whether the victim requests restitution. 
(C) J
UDGES .—The Federal Judicial Center 
shall provide training to judges relating to the application of section 1593 of title 18, United States Code, with respect to ordering restitution for victims of offenses under chapter 77 of such title. 
(2) P
OLICY FOR FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT  
OFFICERS .—The Attorney General shall en-
sure that Federal law enforcement officers are engaged in activities, programs, or oper-ations involving the detection, investiga-tion, and prosecution of covered offenders. 
(d) M
INIMUM PERIOD OF SUPERVISED RE-
LEASE FOR CONSPIRACY TOCOMMIT COMMER -
CIAL CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING .—Section 
3583(k) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘1594(c),’’ after ‘‘1591,’’. 
(e) B
UREAU OF JUSTICE STATISTICS REPORT  
ONSTATE ENFORCEMENT OF HUMAN TRAF-
FICKING PROHIBITIONS .—The Director of the 
Bureau of Justice Statistics shall— 
(1) prepare an annual report on— (A) the rates of— (i) arrest of individuals by State law en-
forcement officers for a covered offense; 
(ii) prosecution (including specific charges) 
of individuals in State court systems for a covered offense; and 
(iii) conviction of individuals in State 
court systems for a covered offense; and 
(B) sentences imposed on individuals con-
victed in State court systems for a covered offense; and 
(2) submit the annual report prepared 
under paragraph (1) to— 
(A) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
House of Representatives; 
(B) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
Senate; 
(C) the Task Force; (D) the Senior Policy Operating Group es-
tablished under section 105(g) of the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(g)); and 
(E) the Attorney General. 
SEC. 115. SURVIVORS OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
EMPOWERMENT ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Survivors of Human Traf-ficking Empowerment Act’’. 
(b) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
the United States Advisory Council on Human Trafficking (referred to in this sec-
tion as the ‘‘Council’’), which shall provide advice and recommendations to the Senior Policy Operating Group established under section 105(g) of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(g)) (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Group’’) and the President’s Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking established under section 105(a) of such Act (referred to 
in this section as the ‘‘Task Force’’). 
(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
(1) C OMPOSITION .—The Council shall be 
composed of not less than 8 and not more than 14 individuals who are survivors of human trafficking. 
(2) R
EPRESENTATION OF SURVIVORS .—To the 
extent practicable, members of the Council shall be survivors of trafficking, who shall accurately reflect the diverse backgrounds of survivors of trafficking, including— 
(A) survivors of sex trafficking and sur-
vivors of labor trafficking; and 
(B) survivors who are United States citi-
zens and survivors who are aliens lawfully present in the United States. 
(3) A
PPOINTMENT .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the President shall appoint the members of the Council. 
(4) T
ERM; REAPPOINTMENT .—Each member 
of the Council shall serve for a term of 2 years and may be reappointed by the Presi-dent to serve 1 additional 2-year term. 
(d) F
UNCTIONS .—The Council shall— 
(1) be a nongovernmental advisory body to 
the Group; 
(2) meet, at its own discretion or at the re-
quest of the Group, not less frequently than annually to review Federal Government pol-icy and programs intended to combat human trafficking, including programs relating to the provision of services for victims and serve as a point of contact for Federal agen-cies reaching out to human trafficking sur-vivors for input on programming and policies relating to human trafficking in the United States; 
(3) formulate assessments and rec-
ommendations to ensure that policy and pro-gramming efforts of the Federal Government conform, to the extent practicable, to the best practices in the field of human traf-ficking prevention; and 
(4) meet with the Group not less frequently 
than annually, and not later than 45 days be-fore a meeting with the Task Force, to for-mally present the findings and recommenda-tions of the Council. 
(e) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act and each year thereafter until the date described in subsection (h), the Council shall submit a re-port that contains the findings derived from the reviews conducted pursuant to sub-section (d)(2) to— 
(1) the chair of the Task Force; (2) the members of the Group; (3) the Committees on Foreign Affairs, 
Homeland Security, Appropriations, and the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; and 
(4) the Committees on Foreign Relations, 
Appropriations, Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs, and the Judiciary of the Senate. 
(f) E
MPLOYEE STATUS .—Members of the 
Council— 
(1) shall not be considered employees of the 
Federal Government for any purpose; and 
(2) shall not receive compensation other 
than reimbursement of travel expenses and per diem allowance in accordance with sec-tion 5703 of title 5, United States Code. 
(g) N
ONAPPLICABILITY OF FACA.—The 
Council shall not be subject to the require-ments under the Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). 
(h) S
UNSET .—The Council shall terminate 
on September 30, 2020. 
SEC. 116. BRINGING MISSING CHILDREN HOME 
ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Bringing Missing Children Home Act’’. 
(b) C
RIME CONTROL ACTAMENDMENTS .—Sec-
tion 3702 of the Crime Control Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 5780) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and 
(C) as subparagraphs (C) and (D), respec-tively; and 
(B) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following: 
‘‘(B) a recent photograph of the child, if 
available;’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (4)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraph (3)’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘60 days’’ and inserting ‘‘30 
days’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘and a photograph taken 
during the previous 180 days’’ after ‘‘dental records’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(D) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as 
subparagraph (D); 
(E) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the 
following: 
‘‘(C) notify the National Center for Missing 
and Exploited Children of each report re-ceived relating to a child reported missing from a foster care family home or childcare institution;’’; 
(F) in subparagraph (D), as redesignated— (i) by inserting ‘‘State and local child wel-
fare systems and’’ before ‘‘the National Cen-ter for Missing and Exploited Children’’; and 
(ii) by striking the period at the end and 
inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(G) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) grant permission to the National 
Crime Information Center Terminal Con-tractor for the State to update the missing person record in the National Crime Infor-mation Center computer networks with addi-
tional information learned during the inves-tigation relating to the missing person.’’. 
SEC. 117. GRANT ACCOUNTABILITY. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘covered grant’’ means a grant awarded by the Attorney General under section 203 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Reau-thorization Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 14044b), as amended by section 103. 
(b) A
CCOUNTABILITY .—All covered grants 
shall be subject to the following account-ability provisions: 
(1) A
UDIT REQUIREMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Beginning in the first fis-
cal year beginning after the date of enact-ment of this Act, and in each fiscal year thereafter, the Inspector General of the De-partment of Justice shall conduct audits of recipients of a covered grant to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds by grantees. The Inspector General shall determine the appropriate number of grantees to be audited each year. 
(B) D
EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the 
term ‘‘unresolved audit finding’’ means a finding in the final audit report of the In-spector General that the audited grantee has utilized grant funds for an unauthorized ex-penditure or otherwise unallowable cost that is not closed or resolved within 12 months from the date when the final audit report is issued. 
(C) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—A recipient of 
a covered grant that is found to have an un-resolved audit finding shall not be eligible to receive a covered grant during the following 2 fiscal years. 
(D) P
RIORITY .—In awarding covered grants 
the Attorney General shall give priority to eligible entities that did not have an unre-solved audit finding during the 3 fiscal years prior to submitting an application for a cov-ered grant. 
(E) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—If an entity is award-
ed a covered grant during the 2-fiscal-year 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR6.014 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1538 March 16, 2015 
period in which the entity is barred from re-
ceiving grants under subparagraph (C), the Attorney General shall— 
(i) deposit an amount equal to the grant 
funds that were improperly awarded to the grantee into the General Fund of the Treas-ury; and 
(ii) seek to recoup the costs of the repay-
ment to the fund from the grant recipient that was erroneously awarded grant funds. 
(2) N
ONPROFIT ORGANIZATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
(A) D EFINITION .—For purposes of this para-
graph and covered grants, the term ‘‘non-profit organization’’ means an organization that is described in section 501(c)(3) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 and is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. 
(B) P
ROHIBITION .—The Attorney General 
may not award a covered grant to a non-profit organization that holds money in off-shore accounts for the purpose of avoiding paying the tax described in section 511(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
(C) D
ISCLOSURE .—Each nonprofit organiza-
tion that is awarded a covered grant and uses the procedures prescribed in regulations to create a rebuttable presumption of reason-ableness for the compensation of its officers, directors, trustees and key employees, shall disclose to the Attorney General, in the ap-plication for the grant, the process for deter-mining such compensation, including the independent persons involved in reviewing and approving such compensation, the com-parability data used, and contemporaneous substantiation of the deliberation and deci-sion. Upon request, the Attorney General shall make the information disclosed under this subsection available for public inspec-tion. 
(3) C
ONFERENCE EXPENDITURES .— 
(A) L IMITATION .—No amounts transferred 
to the Department of Justice under this title, or the amendments made by this title, may be used by the Attorney General, or by any individual or organization awarded dis-cretionary funds through a cooperative agreement under this title, or the amend-ments made by this title, to host or support any expenditure for conferences that uses more than $20,000 in Department funds, un-less the Deputy Attorney General or such Assistant Attorney Generals, Directors, or principal deputies as the Deputy Attorney General may designate, provides prior writ-ten authorization that the funds may be ex-pended to host a conference. 
(B) W
RITTEN APPROVAL .—Written approval 
under subparagraph (A) shall include a writ-
ten estimate of all costs associated with the conference, including the cost of all food and beverages, audiovisual equipment, honoraria for speakers, and any entertainment. 
(C) R
EPORT .—The Deputy Attorney General 
shall submit an annual report to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on all approved con-ference expenditures referenced in this para-graph. 
(D) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATION .—Beginning in 
the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this title, the Attorney Gen-eral shall submit, to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives, an annual certification that— 
(i) all audits issued by the Office of the In-
spector General under paragraph (1) have been completed and reviewed by the appro-priate Assistant Attorney General or Direc-tor; 
(ii) all mandatory exclusions required 
under paragraph (1)(C) have been issued; (iii) all reimbursements required under 
paragraph (1)(E) have been made; and 
(iv) includes a list of any grant recipients 
excluded under paragraph (1) from the pre-vious year. 
(4) P
ROHIBITION ON LOBBYING ACTIVITY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Amounts awarded under 
this title, or any amendments made by this title, may not be utilized by any grant re-cipient to— 
(i) lobby any representative of the Depart-
ment of Justice regarding the award of grant funding; or 
(ii) lobby any representative of a Federal, 
State, local, or tribal government regarding the award of grant funding. 
(B) P
ENALTY .—If the Attorney General de-
termines that any recipient of a covered grant has violated subparagraph (A), the At-torney General shall— 
(i) require the grant recipient to repay the 
grant in full; and 
(ii) prohibit the grant recipient from re-
ceiving another covered grant for not less than 5 years. 
TITLE II—COMBATING HUMAN 
TRAFFICKING 
Subtitle A—Enhancing Services for Runaway 
and Homeless Victims of Youth Trafficking 
SEC. 201. AMENDMENTS TO THE RUNAWAY AND 
HOMELESS YOUTH ACT. 
The Runaway and Homeless Youth Act (42 
U.S.C. 5701 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 343(b)(5) (42 U.S.C. 5714– 
23(b)(5))— 
(A) in subparagraph (A) by inserting ‘‘, se-
vere forms of trafficking in persons (as de-fined in section 103(9) of the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9))), and sex trafficking (as defined in section 103(10) of such Act (22 U.S.C. 7102(10)))’’ before the semicolon at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (B) by inserting ‘‘, se-
vere forms of trafficking in persons (as de-fined in section 103(9) of the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9))), or sex trafficking (as defined in sec-tion 103(10) of such Act (22 U.S.C. 7102(10)))’’ after ‘‘assault’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (C) by inserting ‘‘, in-
cluding such youth who are victims of traf-ficking (as defined in section 103(15) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(15)))’’ before the semicolon at the end; and 
(2) in section 351(a) (42 U.S.C. 5714–41(a)) by 
striking ‘‘or sexual exploitation’’ and insert-ing ‘‘sexual exploitation, severe forms of trafficking in persons (as defined in section 103(9) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9))), or sex traf-ficking (as defined in section 103(10) of such Act (22 U.S.C. 7102(10)))’’. 
Subtitle B—Improving the Response to 
Victims of Child Sex Trafficking 
SEC. 211. RESPONSE TO VICTIMS OF CHILD SEX 
TRAFFICKING. 
Section 404(b)(1)(P)(iii) of the Missing Chil-
dren’s Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5773(b)(1)(P)(iii)) is amended by striking ‘‘child prostitution’’ and inserting ‘‘child sex trafficking, including child prostitution’’. 
Subtitle C—Interagency Task Force to 
Monitor and Combat Trafficking 
SEC. 221. VICTIM OF TRAFFICKING DEFINED. 
In this subtitle, the term ‘‘victim of traf-
ficking’’ has the meaning given such term in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
SEC. 222. INTERAGENCY TASK FORCE REPORT ON 
CHILD TRAFFICKING PRIMARY PRE-VENTION. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Interagency Task Force 
to Monitor and Combat Trafficking, estab-lished under section 105 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103), shall conduct a review that, with re-
gard to trafficking in persons in the United States— 
(1) in consultation with nongovernmental 
organizations that the Task Force deter-mines appropriate, surveys and catalogs the activities of the Federal Government and State governments— 
(A) to deter individuals from committing 
trafficking offenses; and 
(B) to prevent children from becoming vic-
tims of trafficking; 
(2) surveys academic literature on— (A) deterring individuals from committing 
trafficking offenses; 
(B) preventing children from becoming vic-
tims of trafficking; 
(C) the commercial sexual exploitation of 
children; and 
(D) other similar topics that the Task 
Force determines to be appropriate; 
(3) identifies best practices and effective 
strategies— 
(A) to deter individuals from committing 
trafficking offenses; and 
(B) to prevent children from becoming vic-
tims of trafficking; and 
(4) identifies current gaps in research and 
data that would be helpful in formulating ef-fective strategies— 
(A) to deter individuals from committing 
trafficking offenses; and 
(B) to prevent children from becoming vic-
tims of trafficking. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking shall provide to Con-gress, and make publicly available in elec-tronic format, a report on the review con-ducted pursuant to subparagraph (a). 
SEC. 223. GAO REPORT ON INTERVENTION. 
On the date that is 1 year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to Congress that includes information on— 
(1) the efforts of Federal and select State 
law enforcement agencies to combat human trafficking in the United States; and 
(2) each Federal grant program, a purpose 
of which is to combat human trafficking or assist victims of trafficking, as specified in an authorizing statute or in a guidance docu-ment issued by the agency carrying out the grant program. 
SEC. 224. PROVISION OF HOUSING PERMITTED 
TO PROTECT AND ASSIST IN THE RE-COVERY OF VICTIMS OF TRAF-FICKING. 
Section 107(b)(2)(A) of the Trafficking Vic-
tims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(b)(2)(A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding programs that provide housing to victims of trafficking’’ before the period at the end. 
TITLE III—HERO ACT 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Human Ex-
ploitation Rescue Operations Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘HERO Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 302. HERO ACT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The illegal market for the production 
and distribution of child abuse imagery is a growing threat to children in the United States. International demand for this mate-rial creates a powerful incentive for the rape, abuse, and torture of children within the United States. 
(2) The targeting of United States children 
by international criminal networks is a threat to the homeland security of the United States. This threat must be fought with trained personnel and highly specialized counter-child-exploitation strategies and technologies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR6.014 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1539 March 16, 2015 
(3) The United States Immigration and 
Customs Enforcement of the Department of Homeland Security serves a critical national security role in protecting the United States from the growing international threat of child exploitation and human trafficking. 
(4) The Cyber Crimes Center of the United 
States Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment is a vital national resource in the ef-fort to combat international child exploi-tation, providing advanced expertise and as-sistance in investigations, computer forensics, and victim identification. 
(5) The returning military heroes of the 
United States possess unique and valuable skills that can assist law enforcement in combating global sexual and child exploi-tation, and the Department of Homeland Se-curity should use this national resource to the maximum extent possible. 
(6) Through the Human Exploitation Res-
cue Operative (HERO) Child Rescue Corps program, the returning military heroes of the United States are trained and hired to investigate crimes of child exploitation in order to target predators and rescue children from sexual abuse and slavery. 
(b) C
YBER CRIMES CENTER , CHILD EXPLOI -
TATION INVESTIGATIONS UNIT, AND COMPUTER  
FORENSICS UNIT.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subtitle H of title VIII of 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 451 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 890A. CYBER CRIMES CENTER, CHILD EX-
PLOITATION INVESTIGATIONS UNIT, COMPUTER FORENSICS UNIT, AND CYBER CRIMES UNIT. 
‘‘(a) C YBER CRIMES CENTER .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall op-
erate, within United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement, a Cyber Crimes Cen-ter (referred to in this section as the ‘Cen-ter’). 
‘‘(2) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the Center 
shall be to provide investigative assistance, training, and equipment to support United States Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment’s domestic and international investiga-tions of cyber-related crimes. 
‘‘(b) C
HILD EXPLOITATION INVESTIGATIONS  
UNIT.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall op-
erate, within the Center, a Child Exploi-tation Investigations Unit (referred to in this subsection as the ‘CEIU’). 
‘‘(2) F
UNCTIONS .—The CEIU— 
‘‘(A) shall coordinate all United States Im-
migration and Customs Enforcement child exploitation initiatives, including investiga-tions into— 
‘‘(i) child exploitation; ‘‘(ii) child pornography; ‘‘(iii) child victim identification; ‘‘(iv) traveling child sex offenders; and ‘‘(v) forced child labor, including the sex-
ual exploitation of minors; 
‘‘(B) shall, among other things, focus on— ‘‘(i) child exploitation prevention; ‘‘(ii) investigative capacity building; ‘‘(iii) enforcement operations; and ‘‘(iv) training for Federal, State, local, 
tribal, and foreign law enforcement agency personnel, upon request; 
‘‘(C) shall provide training, technical ex-
pertise, support, or coordination of child ex-ploitation investigations, as needed, to co-operating law enforcement agencies and per-sonnel; 
‘‘(D) shall provide psychological support 
and counseling services for United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement per-sonnel engaged in child exploitation preven-tion initiatives, including making available other existing services to assist employees who are exposed to child exploitation mate-rial during investigations; ‘‘(E) is authorized to collaborate with the 
Department of Defense and the National As-sociation to Protect Children for the purpose of the recruiting, training, equipping and hiring of wounded, ill, and injured veterans and transitioning service members, through the Human Exploitation Rescue Operative (HERO) Child Rescue Corps program; and 
‘‘(F) shall collaborate with other govern-
mental, nongovernmental, and nonprofit en-tities approved by the Secretary for the sponsorship of, and participation in, out-reach and training activities. 
‘‘(3) D
ATA COLLECTION .—The CEIU shall col-
lect and maintain data concerning— 
‘‘(A) the total number of suspects identi-
fied by United States Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement; 
‘‘(B) the number of arrests by United 
States Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment, disaggregated by type, including— 
‘‘(i) the number of victims identified 
through investigations carried out by United States Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment; and 
‘‘(ii) the number of suspects arrested who 
were in positions of trust or authority over children; 
‘‘(C) the number of cases opened for inves-
tigation by United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement; and 
‘‘(D) the number of cases resulting in a 
Federal, State, foreign, or military prosecu-tion. 
‘‘(4) A
VAILABILITY OF DATA TO CONGRESS .— 
In addition to submitting the reports re-quired under paragraph (7), the CEIU shall make the data collected and maintained under paragraph (3) available to the commit-tees of Congress described in paragraph (7). 
‘‘(5) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—The CEIU 
is authorized to enter into cooperative agree-ments to accomplish the functions set forth in paragraphs (2) and (3). 
‘‘(6) A
CCEPTANCE OF GIFTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary is author-
ized to accept monies and in-kind donations from the Virtual Global Taskforce, national laboratories, Federal agencies, not-for-profit organizations, and educational institutions to create and expand public awareness cam-paigns in support of the functions of the CEIU. 
‘‘(B) E
XEMPTION FROM FEDERAL ACQUISITION  
REGULATION .—Gifts authorized under sub-
paragraph (A) shall not be subject to the Federal Acquisition Regulation for competi-tion when the services provided by the enti-ties referred to in such subparagraph are do-nated or of minimal cost to the Department. 
‘‘(7) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of the HERO Act of 2015, and annually for the following 4 years, the CEIU shall— 
‘‘(A) submit a report containing a sum-
mary of the data collected pursuant to para-graph (3) during the previous year to— 
‘‘(i) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; 
‘‘(ii) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
Senate; 
‘‘(iii) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the Senate; 
‘‘(iv) the Committee on Homeland Security 
of the House of Representatives; 
‘‘(v) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
House of Representatives; and 
‘‘(vi) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the House of Representatives; and 
‘‘(B) make a copy of each report submitted 
under subparagraph (A) publicly available on the website of the Department. 
‘‘(c) C
OMPUTER FORENSICS UNIT.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall op-
erate, within the Center, a Computer Forensics Unit (referred to in this subsection as the ‘CFU’). 
‘‘(2) F
UNCTIONS .—The CFU— ‘‘(A) shall provide training and technical 
support in digital forensics to— 
‘‘(i) United States Immigration and Cus-
toms Enforcement personnel; and 
‘‘(ii) Federal, State, local, tribal, military, 
and foreign law enforcement agency per-sonnel engaged in the investigation of crimes within their respective jurisdictions, upon request and subject to the availability of funds; 
‘‘(B) shall provide computer hardware, 
software, and forensic licenses for all com-puter forensics personnel within United States Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment; 
‘‘(C) shall participate in research and de-
velopment in the area of digital forensics, in coordination with appropriate components of the Department; and 
‘‘(D) is authorized to collaborate with the 
Department of Defense and the National As-sociation to Protect Children for the purpose of recruiting, training, equipping, and hiring wounded, ill, and injured veterans and transitioning service members, through the Human Exploitation Rescue Operative (HERO) Child Rescue Corps program. 
‘‘(3) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—The CFU 
is authorized to enter into cooperative agree-ments to accomplish the functions set forth in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(4) A
CCEPTANCE OF GIFTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary is author-
ized to accept monies and in-kind donations from the Virtual Global Task Force, na-tional laboratories, Federal agencies, not- for-profit organizations, and educational in-stitutions to create and expand public aware-ness campaigns in support of the functions of the CFU. 
‘‘(B) E
XEMPTION FROM FEDERAL ACQUISITION  
REGULATION .—Gifts authorized under sub-
paragraph (A) shall not be subject to the Federal Acquisition Regulation for competi-tion when the services provided by the enti-ties referred to in such subparagraph are do-nated or of minimal cost to the Department. 
‘‘(d) C
YBER CRIMES UNIT.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall op-
erate, within the Center, a Cyber Crimes Unit (referred to in this subsection as the ‘CCU’). 
‘‘(2) F
UNCTIONS .—The CCU— 
‘‘(A) shall oversee the cyber security strat-
egy and cyber-related operations and pro-grams for United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement; 
‘‘(B) shall enhance United States Immigra-
tion and Customs Enforcement’s ability to combat criminal enterprises operating on or through the Internet, with specific focus in the areas of— 
‘‘(i) cyber economic crime; ‘‘(ii) digital theft of intellectual property; ‘‘(iii) illicit e-commerce (including hidden 
marketplaces); 
‘‘(iv) Internet-facilitated proliferation of 
arms and strategic technology; and 
‘‘(v) cyber-enabled smuggling and money 
laundering; 
‘‘(C) shall provide training and technical 
support in cyber investigations to— 
‘‘(i) United States Immigration and Cus-
toms Enforcement personnel; and 
‘‘(ii) Federal, State, local, tribal, military, 
and foreign law enforcement agency per-sonnel engaged in the investigation of crimes within their respective jurisdictions, upon request and subject to the availability of funds; 
‘‘(D) shall participate in research and de-
velopment in the area of cyber investiga-tions, in coordination with appropriate com-ponents of the Department; and 
‘‘(E) is authorized to recruit participants 
of the Human Exploitation Rescue Operative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR6.014 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1540 March 16, 2015 
(HERO) Child Rescue Corps program for in-
vestigative and forensic positions in support of the functions of the CCU. 
‘‘(3) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—The CCU 
is authorized to enter into cooperative agree-ments to accomplish the functions set forth in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary such sums as are necessary to carry out this section.’’. 
(2) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The 
table of contents in section 1(b) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 note) is amended by adding after the item relating to section 890 the following: 
‘‘Sec. 890A. Cyber crimes center, child ex-
ploitation investigations unit, computer forensics unit, and cyber crimes unit.’’. 
(c) HERO C
ORPS HIRING .—It is the sense of 
Congress that Homeland Security Investiga-tions of the United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement should hire, recruit, train, and equip wounded, ill, or injured mili-tary veterans (as defined in section 101, title 38, United States Code) who are affiliated with the HERO Child Rescue Corps program for investigative, intelligence, analyst, and forensic positions. 
(d) I
NVESTIGATING CHILD EXPLOITATION .— 
Section 307(b)(3) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 187(b)(3)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) conduct research and development for 
the purpose of advancing technology for the investigation of child exploitation crimes, including child victim identification, traf-ficking in persons, and child pornography, and for advanced forensics.’’. 
TITLE IV—RUNAWAY AND HOMELESS 
YOUTH AND TRAFFICKING PREVENTION ACT 
SEC. 401. RUNAWAY AND HOMELESS YOUTH AND 
TRAFFICKING PREVENTION. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Runaway and Homeless Youth and Trafficking Prevention Act’’. 
(b) R
EFERENCES .—Except as otherwise spe-
cifically provided, whenever in this section an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a provision, the amendment or repeal shall be considered to be made to a provision of the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act (42 U.S.C. 5701 et seq.). 
(c) F
INDINGS .—Section 302 (42 U.S.C. 5701) is 
amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘age, gen-
der, and culturally and’’ before ‘‘linguis-tically appropriate’’; 
(2) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘outside 
the welfare system and the law enforcement system’’ and inserting ‘‘, in collaboration with public assistance systems, the law en-forcement system, and the child welfare sys-tem’’; 
(3) in paragraph (5)— (A) by inserting ‘‘a safe place to live and’’ 
after ‘‘youth need’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (4) in paragraph (6), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) runaway and homeless youth are at a 
high risk of becoming victims of sexual ex-ploitation and trafficking in persons.’’. 
(d) B
ASIC CENTER GRANT PROGRAM .— 
(1) G RANTS FOR CENTERS AND SERVICES .— 
Section 311(a) (42 U.S.C. 5711(a)) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘services’’ 
and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘safe shelter and services, includ-ing trauma-informed services, for runaway 
and homeless youth and, if appropriate, serv-ices for the families of such youth, including (if appropriate) individuals identified by such youth as family.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘men-
tal health,’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘21 days; and’’ 
and inserting ‘‘30 days;’’; 
(II) in clause (ii)— (aa) by inserting ‘‘age, gender, and cul-
turally and linguistically appropriate to the extent practicable’’ before ‘‘individual’’; 
(bb) by inserting ‘‘, as appropriate,’’ after 
‘‘group’’; and 
(cc) by striking ‘‘as appropriate’’ and in-
serting ‘‘including (if appropriate) coun-seling for individuals identified by such youth as family’’; and 
(III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) suicide prevention services; and’’; 
and 
(iii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘age, gender, 
and culturally and linguistically appropriate to the extent practicable’’ before ‘‘home- based services’’; 
(II) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(III) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘diseases.’’ 
and inserting ‘‘infections;’’; and 
(IV) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) trauma-informed and gender-respon-
sive services for runaway or homeless youth, including such youth who are victims of traf-ficking in persons or sexual exploitation; and 
‘‘(vi) an assessment of family engagement 
in support and reunification (if reunification is appropriate), interventions, and services for parents or legal guardians of such youth, or (if appropriate) individuals identified by such youth as family.’’. 
(2) E
LIGIBILITY ; PLAN REQUIREMENTS .—Sec-
tion 312 (42 U.S.C. 5712) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘, or (if 
appropriate) individuals identified by such youth as family,’’ after ‘‘parents or legal guardians’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘cultural 
minority and persons with limited ability to speak English’’ and inserting ‘‘cultural mi-nority, persons with limited ability to speak English, and runaway or homeless youth who are victims of trafficking in persons or sex-ual exploitation’’; 
(iii) by striking paragraph (7) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(7) shall keep adequate statistical records 
profiling the youth and family members of such youth whom the applicant serves, in-cluding demographic information on and the number of— 
‘‘(A) such youth who are not referred to 
out-of-home shelter services; 
‘‘(B) such youth who are members of vul-
nerable or underserved populations; 
‘‘(C) such youth who are victims of traf-
ficking in persons or sexual exploitation, disaggregated by— 
‘‘(i) such youth who have been coerced or 
forced into a commercial sex act, as defined in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102); 
‘‘(ii) such youth who have been coerced or 
forced into other forms of labor; and 
‘‘(iii) such youth who have engaged in a 
commercial sex act, as so defined, for any reason other than by coercion or force; 
‘‘(D) such youth who are pregnant or par-
enting; 
‘‘(E) such youth who have been involved in 
the child welfare system; and 
‘‘(F) such youth who have been involved in 
the juvenile justice system;’’; (iv) by redesignating paragraphs (8) 
through (13) as paragraphs (9) through (14); 
(v) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(8) shall ensure that— ‘‘(A) the records described in paragraph (7), 
on an individual runaway or homeless youth, shall not be disclosed without the consent of the individual youth and of the parent or legal guardian of such youth or (if appro-priate) an individual identified by such youth as family, to anyone other than an-other agency compiling statistical records or a government agency involved in the disposi-tion of criminal charges against an indi-vidual runaway or homeless youth; and 
‘‘(B) reports or other documents based on 
the statistics described in paragraph (7) shall not disclose the identity of any individual runaway or homeless youth;’’; 
(vi) in paragraph (9), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘statistical summaries’’ and insert-ing ‘‘statistics’’; 
(vii) in paragraph (13)(C), as so redesig-
nated— 
(I) by striking clause (i) and inserting: ‘‘(i) the number and characteristics of run-
away and homeless youth, and youth at risk of family separation, who participate in the project, including such information on— 
‘‘(I) such youth (including both types of 
such participating youth) who are victims of trafficking in persons or sexual exploitation, disaggregated by— 
‘‘(aa) such youth who have been coerced or 
forced into a commercial sex act, as defined in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102); 
‘‘(bb) such youth who have been coerced or 
forced into other forms of labor; and 
‘‘(cc) such youth who have engaged in a 
commercial sex act, as so defined, for any reason other than by coercion or force; 
‘‘(II) such youth who are pregnant or par-
enting; 
‘‘(III) such youth who have been involved 
in the child welfare system; and 
‘‘(IV) such youth who have been involved 
in the juvenile justice system; and’’; and 
(II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(viii) in paragraph (14), as so redesignated, 
by striking the period and inserting ‘‘for nat-ural disasters, inclement weather, and men-tal health emergencies;’’; and 
(ix) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(15) shall provide age, gender, and cul-
turally and linguistically appropriate serv-ices to the extent practicable to runaway and homeless youth; and 
‘‘(16) shall assist youth in completing the 
Free Application for Federal Student Aid de-scribed in section 483 of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1090).’’; and 
(B) in subsection (d)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by inserting ‘‘age, gender, and cul-
turally and linguistically appropriate to the extent practicable’’ after ‘‘provide’’; 
(II) by striking ‘‘families (including unre-
lated individuals in the family households) of such youth’’ and inserting ‘‘families of such youth (including unrelated individuals in the family households of such youth and, if appropriate, individuals identified by such youth as family)’’; and 
(III) by inserting ‘‘suicide prevention,’’ 
after ‘‘physical health care,’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘, includ-
ing training on trauma-informed and youth- centered care’’ after ‘‘home-based services’’. 
(3) A
PPROVAL OF APPLICATIONS .—Section 
313(b) (42 U.S.C. 5713(b)) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘priority to’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘who’’ and inserting ‘‘pri-ority to eligible applicants who’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a pe-
riod; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR6.014 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1541 March 16, 2015 
(C) by striking paragraph (2). 
(e) T RANSITIONAL LIVING GRANT PRO-
GRAM .—Section 322(a) (42 U.S.C. 5714–2(a)) is 
amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by inserting ‘‘age, gender, and cul-
turally and linguistically appropriate to the extent practicable’’ before ‘‘information and counseling services’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘job attainment skills, and 
mental and physical health care’’ and insert-ing ‘‘job attainment skills, mental and phys-ical health care, and suicide prevention serv-ices’’; 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through 
(8) and (9) through (16) as paragraphs (5) through (10) and (12) through (19), respec-tively; 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) to provide counseling to homeless 
youth and to encourage, if appropriate, the involvement in such counseling of their par-ents or legal guardians, or (if appropriate) individuals identified by such youth as fam-ily; 
‘‘(4) to provide aftercare services, if pos-
sible, to homeless youth who have received shelter and services from a transitional liv-ing youth project, including (to the extent practicable) such youth who, after receiving such shelter and services, relocate to a State other than the State in which such project is located;’’; 
(4) in paragraph (9), as so redesignated— (A) by inserting ‘‘age, gender, and cul-
turally and linguistically appropriate to the extent practicable’’ after ‘‘referral of home-less youth to’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘and health care programs’’ 
and inserting ‘‘mental health service and health care programs, including programs providing wrap-around services to victims of trafficking in persons or sexual exploi-tation,’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘such services for youths;’’ 
and inserting ‘‘such programs described in this paragraph;’’; 
(5) by inserting after paragraph (10), as so 
redesignated, the following: 
‘‘(11) to develop a plan to provide age, gen-
der, and culturally and linguistically appro-priate services to the extent practicable that address the needs of homeless and street youth;’’; 
(6) in paragraph (12), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘the applicant and statistical’’ through ‘‘who participate in such project,’’ and inserting ‘‘the applicant, statistical summaries describing the number, the char-acteristics, and the demographic informa-tion of the homeless youth who participate in such project, including the prevalence of trafficking in persons and sexual exploi-tation of such youth,’’; and 
(7) in paragraph (19), as so redesignated, by 
inserting ‘‘regarding responses to natural disasters, inclement weather, and mental health emergencies’’ after ‘‘management plan’’. 
(f) C
OORDINATING , TRAINING , RESEARCH , AND 
OTHER ACTIVITIES .— 
(1) C OORDINATION .—Section 341 (42 U.S.C. 
5714–21) is amended— 
(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by inserting ‘‘safety, well-being,’’ after ‘‘health,’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘other 
Federal entities’’ and inserting ‘‘the Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development, the Department of Education, the Depart-ment of Labor, and the Department of Jus-tice’’. 
(2) G
RANTS FOR TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND  
TRAINING .—Section 342 (42 U.S.C. 5714–22) is 
amended by inserting ‘‘, including onsite and web-based techniques, such as on-demand and online learning,’’ before ‘‘to public and 
private entities’’. 
(3) G
RANTS FOR RESEARCH , EVALUATION , 
DEMONSTRATION , AND SERVICE PROJECTS .— 
Section 343 (42 U.S.C. 5714–23) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (5)— (I) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘vio-
lence, trauma, and’’ before ‘‘sexual abuse and assault’’; 
(II) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘sex-
ual abuse and assault; and’’ and inserting ‘‘sexual abuse or assault, trafficking in per-sons, or sexual exploitation;’’; 
(III) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘who 
have been sexually victimized’’ and inserting ‘‘who are victims of sexual abuse or assault, trafficking in persons, or sexual exploi-tation’’; and 
(IV) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) best practices for identifying and pro-
viding age, gender, and culturally and lin-guistically appropriate services to the extent practicable to— 
‘‘(i) vulnerable and underserved youth pop-
ulations; and 
‘‘(ii) youth who are victims of trafficking 
in persons or sexual exploitation; and 
‘‘(E) verifying youth as runaway or home-
less to complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid described in section 483 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1090);’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(iii) in paragraph (10), by striking the pe-
riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(11) examining the intersection between 
the runaway and homeless youth populations and trafficking in persons, including noting whether such youth who are victims of traf-ficking in persons were previously involved in the child welfare or juvenile justice sys-tems.’’; and 
(B) in subsection (c)(2)(B), by inserting ‘‘, 
including such youth who are victims of traf-ficking in persons or sexual exploitation’’ after ‘‘runaway or homeless youth’’. 
(4) P
ERIODIC ESTIMATE OF INCIDENCE AND  
PREVALENCE OF YOUTH HOMELESSNESS .—Sec-
tion 345 (42 U.S.C. 5714–25) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking ‘‘13’’ and inserting ‘‘12’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking the period 
and inserting a semicolon; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) that includes demographic informa-
tion about and characteristics of runaway or 
homeless youth, including such youth who are victims of trafficking in persons or sex-ual exploitation; and 
‘‘(4) that does not disclose the identity of 
any runaway or homeless youth.’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b)(1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘13’’ and inserting ‘‘12’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(iii) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as 
subparagraph (C); 
(iv) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following: 
‘‘(B) incidences, if any, of— ‘‘(i) such individuals who are victims of 
trafficking in persons; or 
‘‘(ii) such individuals who are victims of 
sexual exploitation; and’’; and 
(v) in subparagraph (C), as so redesig-
nated— 
(I) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and in-
serting ‘‘, including mental health serv-ices;’’; and 
(II) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) access to education and job training; 
and’’. (g) S
EXUAL ABUSE PREVENTION PROGRAM .— 
Section 351 (42 U.S.C. 5714–41) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by inserting ‘‘public and’’ before ‘‘non-
profit’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘prostitution, or sexual ex-
ploitation.’’ and inserting ‘‘violence, traf-ficking in persons, or sexual exploitation.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) E
LIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS .—To be eli-
gible to receive a grant under subsection (a), an applicant shall certify to the Secretary that such applicant has systems in place to ensure that such applicant can provide age, gender, and culturally and linguistically ap-propriate services to the extent practicable to all youth described in subsection (a).’’. 
(h) G
ENERAL PROVISIONS .— 
(1) R EPORTS .—Section 382(a) (42 U.S.C. 
5715(a)) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) 
through (D) as subparagraphs (C) through (E), respectively; and 
(ii) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following: 
‘‘(B) collecting data on trafficking in per-
sons and sexual exploitation of runaway and homeless youth;’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking subparagraph (A) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(A) the number and characteristics of 
homeless youth served by such projects, in-
cluding— 
‘‘(i) such youth who are victims of traf-
ficking in persons or sexual exploitation; 
‘‘(ii) such youth who are pregnant or par-
enting; 
‘‘(iii) such youth who have been involved in 
the child welfare system; and 
‘‘(iv) such youth who have been involved in 
the juvenile justice system;’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (F), by striking 
‘‘intrafamily problems’’ and inserting ‘‘prob-lems within the family, including (if appro-priate) individuals identified by such youth as family,’’. 
(2) N
ONDISCRIMINATION .—Part F is amended 
by inserting after section 386A (42 U.S.C. 5732–1) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 386B. NONDISCRIMINATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—No person in the United 
States shall, on the basis of actual or per-ceived race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity (as defined in section 249(c)(4) of title 18, United States Code), sex-ual orientation, or disability, be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of, or be subjected to discrimination under any program or activity funded in whole or in part with funds made available under this title, or any other program or activity fund-ed in whole or in part with amounts appro-priated for grants, cooperative agreements, or other assistance administered under this title. 
‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION .—If sex segregation or sex- 
specific programming is necessary to the es-sential operation of a program, nothing in this section shall prevent any such program or activity from consideration of an individ-ual’s sex. In such circumstances, grantees may meet the requirements of this section by providing comparable services to individ-uals who cannot be provided with the sex- segregated or sex-specific programming. 
‘‘(c) D
ISQUALIFICATION .—The authority of 
the Secretary to enforce this section shall be the same as that provided for with respect to section 654 of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9849). 
‘‘(d) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sec-
tion shall be construed, interpreted, or ap-plied to supplant, displace, preempt, or oth-erwise limit the responsibilities and liabil-ities under other Federal or State civil rights laws.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR6.014 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1542 March 16, 2015 
(3) D EFINITIONS .—Section 387 (42 U.S.C. 
5732a) is amended— 
(A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) 
through (6), and paragraphs (7) and (8), as paragraphs (2) through (7), and paragraphs (9) and (10), respectively; 
(B) by inserting before paragraph (2), as so 
redesignated, the following: 
‘‘(1) C
ULTURALLY AND LINGUISTICALLY AP -
PROPRIATE .—The term ‘culturally and lin-
guistically appropriate’, with respect to services, has the meaning given the term ‘culturally and linguistically appropriate services’ in the ‘National Standards for Cul-turally and Linguistically Appropriate Serv-ices in Health and Health Care’, issued in April 2013, by the Office of Minority Health of the Department of Health and Human Services.’’; 
(C) in paragraph (6)(B)(v), as so redesig-
nated— 
(i) by redesignating subclauses (II) through 
(IV) as subclauses (III) through (V), respec-tively; 
(ii) by inserting after subclause (I), the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(II) trafficking in persons;’’; (iii) in subclause (IV), as so redesignated— (I) by striking ‘‘diseases’’ and inserting 
‘‘infections’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (iv) in subclause (V), as so redesignated, by 
striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(v) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(VI) suicide.’’; (D) in paragraph (7)(B), as so redesignated, 
by striking ‘‘prostitution,’’ and inserting ‘‘trafficking in persons,’’; 
(E) by inserting after paragraph (7), as so 
redesignated, the following: 
‘‘(8) T
RAFFICKING IN PERSONS .—The term 
‘trafficking in persons’ has the meaning given the term ‘severe forms of trafficking in persons’ in section 103 of the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102).’’; 
(F) in paragraph (9), as so redesignated— (i) by inserting ‘‘to homeless youth’’ after 
‘‘provides’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘, to establish a stable 
family or community supports,’’ after ‘‘self- sufficient living’’; and 
(G) in paragraph (10)(B), as so redesig-
nated— 
(i) in clause (ii)— (I) by inserting ‘‘or able’’ after ‘‘willing’’; 
and 
(II) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (ii) in clause (iii), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) who is involved in the child welfare or 
juvenile justice system, but who is not re-ceiving government-funded housing.’’. 
(4) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Section 388(a) (42 U.S.C. 5751(a)) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘for fiscal 
year 2009,’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking ‘‘such 
sums as may be necessary for fiscal years 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, and 2013.’’ and inserting ‘‘$2,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘for fiscal 
year 2009’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’. 
SEC. 402. RESPONSE TO MISSING CHILDREN AND 
VICTIMS OF CHILD SEX TRAF-FICKING. 
(a) M ISSING CHILDREN ’SASSISTANCE ACT.— 
Section 404(b)(1)(P)(iii) of the Missing Chil-dren’s Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5773(b)(1)(P)(iii)) is amended by striking ‘‘child prostitution’’ and inserting ‘‘child sex trafficking’’. (b) C
RIME CONTROL ACT OF 1990.—Section 
3702 of the Crime Control Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 5780) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and 
(C) as subparagraphs (C) and (D), respec-tively; and 
(B) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following: 
‘‘(B) a recent photograph of the child, if 
available;’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘60 
days’’ and inserting ‘‘30 days’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(C) in subparagraph (C)— (i) by inserting ‘‘State and local child wel-
fare systems and’’ before ‘‘the National Cen-ter for Missing and Exploited Children’’; and 
(ii) by striking the period at the end and 
inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) grant permission to the National 
Crime Information Center Terminal Con-tractor for the State to update the missing person record in the National Crime Infor-mation Center computer networks with addi-tional information learned during the inves-tigation relating to the missing person.’’. 
TITLE V—STOP EXPLOITATION THROUGH 
TRAFFICKING ACT 
SEC. 501. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Stop Ex-
ploitation Through Trafficking Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 502. SAFE HARBOR INCENTIVES. 
Part Q of title I of the Omnibus Crime Con-
trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796dd et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 1701(c), by striking ‘‘where 
feasible’’ and all that follows, and inserting the following: ‘‘where feasible, to an applica-tion— 
‘‘(1) for hiring and rehiring additional ca-
reer law enforcement officers that involves a non-Federal contribution exceeding the 25 percent minimum under subsection (g); or 
‘‘(2) from an applicant in a State that has 
in effect a law that— 
‘‘(A) treats a minor who has engaged in, or 
has attempted to engage in, a commercial sex act as a victim of a severe form of traf-ficking in persons; 
‘‘(B) discourages or prohibits the charging 
or prosecution of an individual described in subparagraph (A) for a prostitution or sex trafficking offense, based on the conduct de-scribed in subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(C) encourages the diversion of an indi-
vidual described in subparagraph (A) to ap-propriate service providers, including child welfare services, victim treatment programs, child advocacy centers, rape crisis centers, or other social services.’’; and 
(2) in section 1709, by inserting at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(5) ‘commercial sex act’ has the meaning 
given the term in section 103 of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
‘‘(6) ‘minor’ means an individual who has 
not attained the age of 18 years. 
‘‘(7) ‘severe form of trafficking in persons’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the Victims of Trafficking and Vio-lence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102).’’. 
SEC. 503. REPORT ON RESTITUTION PAID IN CON-
NECTION WITH CERTAIN TRAF-FICKING OFFENSES. 
Section 105(d)(7)(Q) of the Victims of Traf-
ficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(d)(7)(Q)) is amended— 
(1) by inserting after ‘‘1590,’’ the following: 
‘‘1591,’’; (2) by striking ‘‘and 1594’’ and inserting 
‘‘1594, 2251, 2251A, 2421, 2422, and 2423’’; 
(3) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(4) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; and 
(5) by inserting after clause (v) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(vi) the number of individuals required by 
a court order to pay restitution in connec-tion with a violation of each offense under title 18, United States Code, the amount of restitution required to be paid under each such order, and the amount of restitution ac-tually paid pursuant to each such order; and 
‘‘(vii) the age, gender, race, country of ori-
gin, country of citizenship, and description of the role in the offense of individuals con-victed under each offense; and’’. 
SEC. 504. NATIONAL HUMAN TRAFFICKING HOT-
LINE. 
Section 107(b)(1)(B) of the Victims of Crime 
Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(b)(1)(B)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Subject’’ and inserting ‘‘(i) 
I
N GENERAL .—Subject’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) N
ATIONAL HUMAN TRAFFICKING HOT -
LINE.—Beginning in fiscal year 2017 and each 
fiscal year thereafter, of amounts made available for grants under paragraph (2), the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall make grants for a national communica-tion system to assist victims of severe forms of trafficking in persons in communicating with service providers. The Secretary shall give priority to grant applicants that have experience in providing telephone services to victims of severe forms of trafficking in per-sons.’’. 
SEC. 505. JOB CORPS ELIGIBILITY. 
Section 144(a)(3) of the Workforce Innova-
tion and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3194(a)(3)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(F) A victim of a severe form of traf-
ficking in persons (as defined in section 103 of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)). Not-withstanding paragraph (2), an individual de-scribed in this subparagraph shall not be re-quired to demonstrate eligibility under such paragraph.’’. 
SEC. 506. CLARIFICATION OF AUTHORITY OF THE 
UNITED STATES MARSHALS SERV-ICE. 
Section 566(e)(1) of title 28, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by inserting after subparagraph (C), the 
following: 
‘‘(D) assist State, local, and other Federal 
law enforcement agencies, upon the request of such an agency, in locating and recovering missing children.’’. 
SEC. 507. ESTABLISHING A NATIONAL STRATEGY 
TO COMBAT HUMAN TRAFFICKING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Attorney General 
shall implement and maintain a National Strategy for Combating Human Trafficking (referred to in this section as the ‘‘National Strategy’’) in accordance with this section. 
(b) R
EQUIRED CONTENTS OF NATIONAL  
STRATEGY .—The National Strategy shall in-
clude the following: 
(1) Integrated Federal, State, local, and 
tribal efforts to investigate and prosecute human trafficking cases, including— 
(A) the development by each United States 
attorney, in consultation with State, local, and tribal government agencies, of a dis-trict-specific strategic plan to coordinate the identification of victims and the inves-tigation and prosecution of human traf-ficking crimes; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR6.014 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1543 March 16, 2015 
(B) the appointment of not fewer than 1 as-
sistant United States attorney in each dis-trict dedicated to the prosecution of human trafficking cases or responsible for imple-menting the National Strategy; 
(C) the participation in any Federal, State, 
local, or tribal human trafficking task force operating in the district of the United States attorney; and 
(D) any other efforts intended to enhance 
the level of coordination and cooperation, as determined by the Attorney General. 
(2) Case coordination within the Depart-
ment of Justice, including specific integra-tion, coordination, and collaboration, as ap-propriate, on human trafficking investiga-tions between and among the United States attorneys, the Human Trafficking Prosecu-tion Unit, the Child Exploitation and Ob-scenity Section, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. 
(3) Annual budget priorities and Federal ef-
forts dedicated to preventing and combating human trafficking, including resources dedi-cated to the Human Trafficking Prosecution Unit, the Child Exploitation and Obscenity Section, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and all other entities that receive Federal support that have a goal or mission to com-bat the exploitation of adults and children. 
(4) An ongoing assessment of the future 
trends, challenges, and opportunities, includ-ing new investigative strategies, techniques, and technologies, that will enhance Federal, State, local, and tribal efforts to combat human trafficking. 
(5) Encouragement of cooperation, coordi-
nation, and mutual support between private sector and other entities and organizations and Federal agencies to combat human traf-ficking, including the involvement of State, local, and tribal government agencies to the extent Federal programs are involved. 
SA 302. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide jus-tice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
TITLE IV—PROTECTING STUDENTS FROM 
SEXUAL AND VIOLENT PREDATORS 
SEC. 401. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting 
Students from Sexual and Violent Predators Act’’. 
SEC. 402. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title— 
(1) the terms ‘‘elementary school’’, ‘‘local 
educational agency’’, ‘‘secondary school’’, ‘‘State’’, and ‘‘State educational agency’’ have the meanings given the terms in sec-tion 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801); 
(2) the term ‘‘covered local educational 
agency’’ means a local educational agency that receives funds under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.); 
(3) the term ‘‘covered school’’ means an el-
ementary school or secondary school that re-ceives funds under the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.); 
(4) the term ‘‘covered State’’ means a 
State that receives funds under the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.); 
(5) the term ‘‘covered State educational 
agency’’ means a State educational agency that receives funds under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.); 
(6) the term ‘‘current school employee’’ 
means a school employee who has begun em-ployment with a covered school, covered 
State educational agency, or covered local educational agency or an employee of any person or company who has a contract or agreement to provide services with a covered school, covered local educational agency, or covered State educational agency before the effective date of this title; 
(7) the term ‘‘designated State agency’’ 
means the agency designated in section 403(d)(1)(A); and 
(8) the term ‘‘school employee’’ means— (A) an employee of, or a person seeking 
employment with, a covered school, covered local educational agency, or covered State educational agency and who, as a result of such employment, has (or, in the case of a person seeking employment, will have) a job duty that includes unsupervised contact or interaction with elementary school or sec-ondary school students; or 
(B) any person, or an employee of any per-
son, who has a contract or agreement to pro-vide services with a covered school, covered local educational agency, or covered State educational agency, and such person or em-ployee, as a result of such contract or agree-ment, has a job duty that includes unsuper-vised contact or interaction with elementary school or secondary school students. 
SEC. 403. BACKGROUND CHECKS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Each covered State shall 
ensure that the State has in effect laws, reg-ulations, or policies and procedures requiring that— 
(1) a criminal background check be con-
ducted for each school employee in a manner that is consistent with title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq.) and otherwise meets the requirements of this section, including— 
(A) a search of the State criminal registry 
or repository of the State in which the school employee resides; 
(B) a search of State-based child abuse and 
neglect registries and databases of the State in which the school employee resides; 
(C) a Federal Bureau of Investigation fin-
gerprint check using the Integrated Auto-mated Fingerprint Identification System, conducted in accordance with section 406; and 
(D) a search of the National Sex Offender 
Registry established under section 119 of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16919); and 
(2) each criminal background check con-
ducted under paragraph (1) be periodically repeated or updated in accordance with State law or the policies of the covered State educational agency or the covered local edu-cational agencies in the State. 
(b) T
IMING OF BACKGROUND CHECKS .— 
(1) C URRENT SCHOOL EMPLOYEES .—For a 
current school employee— 
(A) the criminal background check re-
quired under subsection (a) shall be com-pleted by not later than 3 years after the ef-fective date of this title or by the date of the current school employee’s next scheduled performance review as provided by State law (including regulations), whichever is first; and 
(B) the employment of the current school 
employee shall not be terminated by reason of this title while the criminal background check is being conducted. 
(2) A
LL OTHER SCHOOL EMPLOYEES .—For any 
school employee who is not a current school employee, the criminal background check re-quired under subsection (a) shall be com-pleted before the school employee begins em-ployment. 
(c) E
XCEPTION FOR CURRENT SCHOOL EM-
PLOYEES WITHPRIOR BACKGROUND CHECKS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A covered State shall not 
be required to obtain a criminal background check under subsection (a)(1) for a current 
school employee if— 
(A)(i) the current school employee has re-
ceived 1 or more criminal background checks (whether on one occasion or on separate oc-casions) that included— 
(I) a search of the State criminal registry 
or repository of the State in which the cur-rent school employee resides; 
(II) a search of the State-based child abuse 
and neglect registries and databases of the State in which the current school employee resides; 
(III) a Federal Bureau of Investigation fin-
gerprint check using the Integrated Auto-mated Fingerprint Identification System, conducted in accordance with section 406; and 
(IV) a search of the National Sex Offender 
Registry established under section 119 of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act 
of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16919); or 
(ii) the current school employee has re-
ceived 1 or more criminal background checks (whether on one occasion or on separate oc-casions) that included 1 or more of the searches and checks described in subclauses (I) through (IV) of clause (i), and the des-ignated State agency ensures that a criminal background check including all of the re-maining searches and checks described in such subclauses is conducted for the current school employee within the timeframe estab-lished by subsection (b)(1)(A); 
(B) each of the searches and checks de-
scribed in subclauses (I) through (IV) of sub-paragraph (A)(i) were conducted for the school employee, whether as part of 1 crimi-nal background check or on separate occa-sions, on or after the date that is 5 years be-fore the effective date of this title; 
(C) the appropriate Federal, State, or local 
agency provides the results of all the searches and checks described in subclauses (I) through (IV) of subparagraph (A)(i) to the appropriate body, as designated by State law or the policies of the covered State edu-cational agency or the employing covered local educational agency; and 
(D) the appropriate body, as designated by 
State law or the policies of the covered State agency or covered local educational agency, takes steps to verify all criminal background checks in accordance with State law or the policies of the covered State educational agency or the employing covered local edu-cational agency. 
(2) C
ONTINUED EMPLOYMENT DURING  
VERIFICATION PERIOD .— 
(A) C ONTINUED EMPLOYMENT .—During any 
period during which the requirements of paragraph (1) are being verified for a current school employee— 
(i) the employing covered State edu-
cational agency, covered local educational agency, or covered school shall not termi-nate the employment of the covered school employee or reduce the employee’s pay or benefits by reason of this title; and 
(ii) nothing in this title shall be construed 
to prohibit the covered State educational agency, covered local educational agency, or covered school from transferring the em-ployee to a position not meeting the criteria of section 402(8) during such period of verification. 
(3) P
ERIODIC UPDATING .—Each covered 
State shall ensure that the State has in ef-fect laws, regulations, or policies and proce-dures requiring that, for each current school employee who meets the requirements of this title through paragraph (1), all of the searches and checks described in paragraph (1)(A)(i) be periodically repeated or updated through a criminal background check, in ac-cordance with State law or the policies of the covered State educational agency or the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR6.014 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1544 March 16, 2015 
covered local educational agencies in the 
State. 
(d) C ONFIDENTIALITY OF AND ACCESS TO  
BACKGROUND CHECKS .— 
(1) C ONFIDENTIALITY .—Each covered State 
shall have in effect laws, regulations, or poli-cies and procedures that— 
(A) designate a single State agency to ad-
minister the criminal background checks re-quired under subsection (a) and paragraphs (1)(A)(ii) and (3) of subsection (c); and 
(B) require that information obtained 
through a criminal background check under subsection (a) or (c) shall only be revealed to the school employee, the designated rep-
resentative of the school employee, and per-sons authorized by the State to receive the information in order to make employment decisions. 
(2) C
OPY OF BACKGROUND CHECK RESULTS .— 
(A) U PON REQUEST .—Upon a request by a 
school employee, the designated State agen-cy shall directly provide a copy of the results of the criminal background check conducted pursuant to subsection (a) or (c) to the school employee or to the school employee’s designated representative. 
(B) U
PON TERMINATION OR DISQUALIFICA -
TION.—If a school employee is terminated or 
disqualified from employment under sub-paragraphs (B) through (D) of section 404(a)(3), the designated State agency shall provide the school employee with a copy of the results of any criminal background check conducted under this title. 
(e) A
PPEALS PROCESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Each covered State shall 
have in effect laws, regulations, or policies and procedures— 
(A) providing for a process by which a 
school employee may appeal the results of a criminal background check conducted pursu-ant to subsection (a) or (c) to challenge the accuracy or completeness of the information yielded by the criminal background check; and 
(B) ensuring that— (i) each school employee shall be given 
prompt notice of the opportunity to appeal; 
(ii) each school employee will receive in-
structions about how to complete the ap-peals process; and 
(iii) the appeals process is completed no 
later than 30 days after the appeal is filed for each school employee. 
(2) E
MPLOYMENT STATUS OF CURRENT SCHOOL  
EMPLOYEES FILING AN APPEAL .—If a current 
school employee is disqualified from employ-ment under section 404(a) but files an appeal under this subsection, during the pendency of the appeal, such employee shall not lose employment or face a reduction in pay or benefits. During the pendency of the appeal, the employing covered State educational agency, covered local educational agency, or covered school may place the school em-ployee in a capacity where the school em-ployee’s job duties do not include unsuper-vised contact or interaction with children. 
(f) P
UBLICATION OF POLICIES AND PROCE -
DURES .—Each covered State shall ensure 
that the laws, regulations, or policies and procedures required under this section are published on the website of the covered State educational agency and the website of each covered local educational agency that has a website as of the effective date of this title. 
(g) F
EES FOR BACKGROUND CHECKS .— 
(1) R EQUIREMENT FOR REASONABLE FEES .— 
The Attorney General of the United States, and the State Attorney General or other State law enforcement official of a covered State, may charge a fee for conducting a criminal background check under subsection (a) or (c) if the amount of the fee does not ex-ceed the actual costs to the Federal Govern-ment or the State, as the case may be, for processing and administration. (2) A
DMINISTRATIVE FUNDS .—A covered 
State educational agency or covered local educational agency may use administrative funds received under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) to pay any reasonable fees charged for conducting criminal background checks under subsection (a) or (c). 
SEC. 404. PROHIBITION ON HIRING & TRANSFER. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON HIRING .—Each covered 
State shall have in effect laws, regulations, or policies and procedures that prohibit any covered State educational agency, covered local educational agency, or covered school from employing an individual as a school employee if such employee— 
(1) refuses to consent to a criminal back-
ground check under section 403; 
(2) makes a knowingly false statement in 
connection with a criminal background check under section 403; or 
(3) has been convicted of a felony con-
sisting of— 
(A) murder, as described in section 1111 of 
title 18, United States Code; 
(B) child abuse; (C) child pornography; or (D) a crime involving rape or sexual as-
sault, except for statutory rape where the victim and perpetrator engaged in consen-sual sexual conduct, the victim and perpe-trator were both under the age of 21, and the victim and perpetrator differed in age by not more than 3 years at the time of the offense. 
(b) R
EVIEW .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Each covered State shall 
have in effect laws, regulations, or policies and procedures that establish a timely re-view process, not to exceed 30 days from the date that an appeal is received by the State, through which the State may determine that, notwithstanding paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (a), a school employee identified under paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (a) is eligible for employment with the covered State educational agency, covered local edu-cational agency, or covered school. The re-view process shall be an individualized as-sessment consistent with title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq.) and may include consideration of the following factors: 
(A) Nature and seriousness of the offense. (B) Circumstances under which the offense 
was committed. 
(C) Lapse of time since the offense was 
committed or the individual was released from prison. 
(D) Individual’s age at the time of the of-
fense. 
(E) Social conditions that may have fos-
tered the offense. 
(F) Relationship of the nature of the of-
fense to the position sought. 
(G) Number of criminal convictions. (H) Honesty and transparency of the can-
didate in admitting the conviction record. 
(I) Individual’s work history, including evi-
dence that the individual performed the same or similar work, post-conviction, with the same or different employer, with no known incidents of criminal conduct. 
(J) Evidence of rehabilitation, as dem-
onstrated by the individual’s good conduct while in correctional custody or in the com-munity, counseling or psychiatric treatment received, acquisition of additional academic or career or technical schooling, successful participation in a correctional work-release program, or the recommendation of a cur-rent or former supervisor of the individual. 
(K) Whether the individual is bonded under 
a Federal, State, or local bonding program. 
(L) Any other factor that may lead to the 
conclusion that the individual does not pose a risk to children. 
(2) E
MPLOYMENT DURING REVIEW .—During 
the pendency of the review described in para-graph (1) of a school employee, the employ-
ing covered State educational agency, cov-ered local educational agency, or covered school may place the school employee in a capacity where the employee’s job duties do not include unsupervised contact or inter-action with children. 
(c) P
ROHIBITION ON TRANSFER .—A covered 
State educational agency, covered local edu-cational agency, covered school, or any em-ployee or agent of a covered State edu-
cational agency, covered local educational agency, or covered school, shall not know-ingly transfer or facilitate the transfer of any school employee if the agency, school, employee, or agent knows or has reasonable cause to believe that the school employee engaged in abuse of a child, unless— 
(1) the allegations of abuse have been prop-
erly reported as required by Federal, State, or local law, including title IX of the Edu-cation Amendments of 1972 (20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.) and the regulations implementing such title under part 106 of title 34, Code of Fed-eral Regulations; and 
(2) with respect to the allegations— (A) no prosecution is undertaken by local 
or Federal prosecutors within 1 year of the report; 
(B) the local prosecutors have indicated 
that the individual will not be charged; or 
(C) the school employee has been charged 
and exonerated of the charges, as defined by law or by regulations or policies of the State, covered State educational agency, or applicable covered local educational agency. 
SEC. 405. REPORTING OF ABUSE ALLEGATIONS. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON AGREEMENTS TO WITH-
HOLD ALLEGATIONS .—Each covered State 
shall have laws, regulations, or policies and procedures that— 
(1) prohibit any State educational agency, 
local educational agency, elementary school, secondary school, or employee or agent of any State educational agency, local edu-cational agency, elementary school, or sec-ondary school, from making any agree-ment— 
(A) to withhold, from any law enforcement 
authority, State educational agency, local educational agency, elementary school, or secondary school, the reporting of the fact that an allegation of child abuse in an edu-cational setting has been made against a school employee or volunteer; or 
(B) to waive any portion of subsection (c); 
and 
(2) provide that the punishment for any 
violation of paragraph (1) is not less than the punishment for a violation of the State’s law requiring mandatory reporting of concerns of child abuse and neglect. 
(b) I
MMUNITY FROM LIABILITY FOR REPORT -
ING.—Each covered State shall have laws, 
regulations, or policies and procedures en-suring that, notwithstanding any other Fed-eral, State, or local law or any agreement or contract, any State educational agency, local educational agency, elementary school, secondary school, or employee or agent of any State educational agency, local edu-cational agency, elementary school, or sec-ondary school who reasonably and in good faith reports to law enforcement officials in-formation regarding allegations of child abuse or a resignation or voluntary suspen-sion due to circumstances described in sub-section (a)(1) shall have immunity from any civil or criminal liability. 
(c) W
ARNINGS TO OTHER EDUCATIONAL AGEN-
CIES AND SCHOOLS .—Each covered State shall 
have in effect laws, regulations, or policies and procedures ensuring that, notwith-standing any other Federal, State, or local law or any agreement or contract, if the State educational agency or any local edu-cational agency, elementary school, sec-ondary school, or employee or agent of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR6.012 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1545 March 16, 2015 
State educational agency, local educational 
agency, elementary school, or secondary school, has reasonably and in good faith re-ported to law enforcement officials informa-tion regarding allegations of child abuse in an educational setting made against a school employee, and the circumstances described in section 404(c)(2) do not apply to such alle-gations, the agency, school, employee, or agent may share the report with any other State educational agency, local educational agency, elementary school, or secondary school that is considering hiring that school employee. 
(d) T
RAINING .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of this title, a local educational agency may use funds provided under part A of title II of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6601 et seq.) to train school employees in— 
(1) recognizing signs of abuse, neglect, or 
sexual abuse in students; 
(2) properly identifying and reporting sus-
pected child physical or sexual abuse, includ-ing appropriate behaviors by school per-sonnel and inappropriate behaviors, such as grooming behaviors (defined as actions delib-erately undertaken with the aim of befriend-ing and establishing an emotional connec-tion with a child to lower the child’s inhibi-tions in order to sexually abuse the child); and 
(3) effectively responding to incidents of 
child physical and sexual abuse, including linking students and families to law enforce-ment, school, community, mental health, or medical supports. 
SEC. 406. FBI REQUIREMENTS FOR FINGERPRINT 
CHECKS. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, if a fingerprint check by the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation, conducted pursuant to section 403(a) or in accordance with section 403(c) after the effective date of this title, re-veals a record that indicates that an indi-vidual was arrested or criminal proceedings were instituted against an individual, but that does not include the final disposition of the arrest or proceeding, the Federal Bureau of Investigation shall— 
(1) further investigate the school employ-
ee’s criminal history until the earlier of— 
(A) the date on which the Bureau is able to 
determine whether a final disposition was reached and what the final disposition was; or 
(B) 3 business days (exclusive of the day on 
which the initial request is made) after the date of the initial request; 
(2) notify the State through the designated 
State agency of the results of the further in-vestigation; and 
(3) promptly correct the record, including 
by making deletions to the record, if the Federal Bureau of Investigations determined that the record was inaccurate. 
SEC. 407. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this title shall be construed 
to— 
(1) alter or otherwise affect the rights and 
remedies provided for school employees re-siding in a State that disqualifies individuals for employment as a school employee based on convictions for crimes not specifically listed in this title; 
(2) prevent a State or locality from apply-
ing the requirements of this title to State educational agencies, local educational agen-cies, elementary schools, or secondary schools that do not receive funds under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.); or 
(3) create a private right of action against 
a State educational agency, local edu-cational agency, elementary school, sec-ondary school, or an employee or agent of a State educational agency, local educational agency, elementary school, or secondary 
school that is in compliance with this title and with any laws, regulations, or policies and procedures promulgated pursuant to this title. 
SEC. 408. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This title shall take effect on the date that 
is 2 years from the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 303. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE ___—HUMAN TRAFFICKING SUR-
VIVORS RELIEF AND EMPOWERMENT ACT 
SECTION __01. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Human 
Trafficking Survivors Relief and Empower-ment Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. l02. PROTECTIONS FOR HUMAN TRAF-
FICKING SURVIVORS. 
Section 1701(c) of title I of the Omnibus 
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796dd(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘where feasible’’ and all that follows, and in-serting the following: ‘‘where feasible, to an application— 
‘‘(1) for hiring and rehiring additional ca-
reer law enforcement officers that involves a non-Federal contribution exceeding the 25 percent minimum under subsection (g); or 
‘‘(2) from an applicant in a State that has 
in effect a law— 
‘‘(A) that— ‘‘(i) provides a process by which an indi-
vidual who is a human trafficking survivor can move to vacate any arrest or conviction records for a non-violent offense committed as a direct result of human trafficking, in-cluding prostitution or lewdness; 
‘‘(ii) establishes a rebuttable presumption 
that any arrest or conviction of an indi-vidual for an offense associated with human trafficking is a result of being trafficked, if the individual— 
‘‘(I) is a person granted nonimmigrant sta-
tus pursuant to section 101(a)(15)(T)(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(T)(i)); 
‘‘(II) is the subject of a certification by the 
Secretary of Health and Human Services under section 107(b)(1)(E) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(b)(1)(E)); or 
‘‘(III) has other similar documentation of 
trafficking, which has been issued by a Fed-eral, State, or local agency; and 
‘‘(iii) protects the identity of individuals 
who are human trafficking survivors in pub-lic and court records; and 
‘‘(B) that does not require an individual 
who is a human trafficking survivor to pro-vide official documentation as described in subclause (I), (II), or (III) of subparagraph (A)(ii) in order to receive protection under the law.’’. 
SA 304. Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. 
HOEVEN , Ms. H EITKAMP , and Mr. 
ROUNDS ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 103 and insert the following: 
SEC. 103. VICTIM-CENTERED CHILD HUMAN 
TRAFFICKING DETERRENCE BLOCK GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 203 of the Traf-
ficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 14044b) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 203. VICTIM-CENTERED CHILD HUMAN 
TRAFFICKING DETERRENCE BLOCK GRANT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .—The Attorney 
General may award block grants to an eligi-ble entity to develop, improve, or expand do-mestic child human trafficking deterrence programs that assist law enforcement offi-cers, prosecutors, judicial officials, and qualified victims’ services organizations in collaborating to rescue and restore the lives of victims, while investigating and pros-ecuting offenses involving child human traf-ficking. 
‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Grants 
awarded under subsection (a) may be used for— 
‘‘(1) the establishment or enhancement of 
specialized training programs for law en-forcement officers, first responders, health care officials, child welfare officials, juvenile justice personnel, prosecutors, and judicial personnel to— 
‘‘(A) identify victims and acts of child 
human trafficking; 
‘‘(B) address the unique needs of child vic-
tims of human trafficking; 
‘‘(C) facilitate the rescue of child victims 
of human trafficking; 
‘‘(D) investigate and prosecute acts of 
human trafficking, including the soliciting, patronizing, or purchasing of commercial sex acts from children, as well as training to build cases against complex criminal net-works involved in child human trafficking; and 
‘‘(E) utilize, implement, and provide edu-
cation on safe harbor laws enacted by States, aimed at preventing the criminalization and prosecution of child sex trafficking victims for prostitution offenses, and other laws aimed at the investigation and prosecution of child human trafficking; 
‘‘(2) the establishment or enhancement of 
dedicated anti-trafficking law enforcement units and task forces to investigate child human trafficking offenses and to rescue vic-tims, including— 
‘‘(A) funding salaries, in whole or in part, 
for law enforcement officers, including pa-trol officers, detectives, and investigators, except that the percentage of the salary of the law enforcement officer paid for by funds from a grant awarded under this section shall not be more than the percentage of the officer’s time on duty that is dedicated to working on cases involving child human traf-ficking; 
‘‘(B) investigation expenses for cases in-
volving child human trafficking, including— 
‘‘(i) wire taps; ‘‘(ii) consultants with expertise specific to 
cases involving child human trafficking; 
‘‘(iii) travel; and ‘‘(iv) other technical assistance expendi-
tures; 
‘‘(C) dedicated anti-trafficking prosecution 
units, including the funding of salaries for State and local prosecutors, including assist-ing in paying trial expenses for prosecution of child human trafficking offenders, except that the percentage of the total salary of a State or local prosecutor that is paid using an award under this section shall be not more than the percentage of the total num-ber of hours worked by the prosecutor that is spent working on cases involving child human trafficking; 
‘‘(D) the establishment of child human 
trafficking victim witness safety, assistance, and relocation programs that encourage co-operation with law enforcement investiga-tions of crimes of child human trafficking by leveraging existing resources and delivering child human trafficking victims’ services through coordination with— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR6.012 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1546 March 16, 2015 
‘‘(i) child advocacy centers; 
‘‘(ii) social service agencies; ‘‘(iii) Federal, tribal, or State govern-
mental health service agencies; 
‘‘(iv) housing agencies; ‘‘(v) legal services agencies; and ‘‘(vi) nongovernmental organizations and 
shelter service providers with substantial ex-perience in delivering wrap-around services to victims of child human trafficking; and 
‘‘(E) the establishment or enhancement of 
other necessary victim assistance programs or personnel, such as victim or child advo-cates, child-protective services, child foren-sic interviews, or other necessary service providers; and 
‘‘(3) the establishment or enhancement of 
problem solving court programs for traf-ficking victims that include— 
‘‘(A) mandatory and regular training re-
quirements for judicial officials involved in the administration or operation of the court program described under this paragraph; 
‘‘(B) continuing judicial supervision of vic-
tims of child human trafficking, including case worker or child welfare supervision in collaboration with judicial officers, who have been identified by a law enforcement or judicial officer as a potential victim of child human trafficking, regardless of whether the victim has been charged with a crime related to human trafficking; 
‘‘(C) the development of a specialized and 
individualized, court-ordered treatment pro-gram for identified victims of child human trafficking, including— 
‘‘(i) State-administered outpatient treat-
ment; 
‘‘(ii) life skills training; ‘‘(iii) housing placement; ‘‘(iv) vocational training; ‘‘(v) education; ‘‘(vi) family support services; and ‘‘(vii) job placement; ‘‘(D) centralized case management involv-
ing the consolidation of all of each child human trafficking victim’s cases and of-fenses, and the coordination of all traf-ficking victim treatment programs and so-cial services; 
‘‘(E) regular and mandatory court appear-
ances by the victim during the duration of the treatment program for purposes of ensur-
ing compliance and effectiveness; 
‘‘(F) the ultimate dismissal of relevant 
non-violent criminal charges against the vic-tim, where such victim successfully complies with the terms of the court-ordered treat-ment program; and 
‘‘(G) collaborative efforts with child advo-
cacy centers, child welfare agencies, shel-ters, tribal services, where appropriate, and nongovernmental organizations with sub-stantial experience in delivering wrap- around services to victims of child human trafficking to provide services to victims and encourage cooperation with law enforce-ment. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity shall 
submit an application to the Attorney Gen-eral for a grant under this section in such form and manner as the Attorney General may require. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION .—An applica-
tion submitted under this subsection shall— 
‘‘(A) describe the activities for which as-
sistance under this section is sought; 
‘‘(B) include a detailed plan for the use of 
funds awarded under the grant; 
‘‘(C) provide such additional information 
and assurances as the Attorney General de-termines to be necessary to ensure compli-ance with the requirements of this section; and 
‘‘(D) disclose— ‘‘(i) any other grant funding from the De-
partment of Justice or from any other Fed-eral department or agency for purposes simi-
lar to those described in subsection (b) for which the eligible entity has applied, and which application is pending on the date of the submission of an application under this section; and 
‘‘(ii) any other such grant funding that the 
eligible entity has received during the 5-year period ending on the date of the submission of an application under this section. 
‘‘(3) P
REFERENCE .—In reviewing applica-
tions submitted in accordance with para-graphs (1) and (2), the Attorney General shall give preference to grant applications if— 
‘‘(A) the application includes a plan to use 
awarded funds to engage in all activities de-scribed under paragraphs (1) through (3) of subsection (b); 
‘‘(B) the application includes a plan by the 
State or unit of local government to con-tinue funding of all activities funded by the award after the expiration of the award; or 
‘‘(C) the application includes a plan by an 
Indian tribe, State, or unit of local govern-ment to reduce the occurrence of trafficking of Indian children or provide support services to Indian children who are victims of human trafficking. 
‘‘(d) D
URATION AND RENEWAL OF AWARD .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A grant under this sec-
tion shall expire 3 years after the date of award of the grant. 
‘‘(2) R
ENEWAL .—A grant under this section 
shall be renewable not more than 2 times and for a period of not greater than 2 years. 
‘‘(e) E
VALUATION .—The Attorney General 
shall— 
‘‘(1) enter into a contract with a non-
governmental organization, including an academic or nonprofit organization, that has experience with issues related to child human trafficking and evaluation of grant programs to conduct periodic evaluations of grants made under this section to determine the impact and effectiveness of programs funded with grants awarded under this sec-tion; 
‘‘(2) instruct the Inspector General of the 
Department of Justice to review evaluations issued under paragraph (1) to determine the methodological and statistical validity of the evaluations; and 
‘‘(3) submit the results of any evaluation 
conducted pursuant to paragraph (1) to— 
‘‘(A) the Committee on the Judiciary of 
the Senate; and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
House of Representatives. 
‘‘(f) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—An eligible 
entity awarded funds under this section that is found to have used grant funds for any un-authorized expenditure or otherwise unal-lowable cost shall not be eligible for any grant funds awarded under the block grant for 2 fiscal years following the year in which the unauthorized expenditure or unallowable cost is reported. 
‘‘(g) C
OMPLIANCE REQUIREMENT .—An eligi-
ble entity shall not be eligible to receive a grant under this section if within the 5 fiscal years before submitting an application for a grant under this section, the grantee has been found to have violated the terms or conditions of a Government grant program by utilizing grant funds for unauthorized ex-penditures or otherwise unallowable costs. 
‘‘(h) A
DMINISTRATIVE CAP.—The cost of ad-
ministering the grants authorized by this section shall not exceed 5 percent of the total amount expended to carry out this sec-tion. 
‘‘(i) F
EDERAL SHARE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Federal share of the 
cost of a program funded by a grant awarded under this section shall be— 
‘‘(A) 70 percent in the first year; ‘‘(B) 60 percent in the second year; and ‘‘(C) 50 percent in the third year, and in all 
subsequent years. ‘‘(2) A
WARDS TO INDIAN TRIBES .—The Attor-
ney General may waive the cost sharing re-quirements in paragraph (1) for a grant awarded under this section to an Indian tribe. 
‘‘(j) A
UTHORIZATION OF FUNDING ; F ULLY  
OFFSET .—For purposes of carrying out this 
section, the Attorney General, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, is authorized to award not more than $7,000,000 of the funds available in the Domestic Trafficking Victims’ Fund, es-tablished under section 3014 of title 18, United States Code, for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
‘‘(k) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘child’ means a person under 
the age of 18; 
‘‘(2) the term ‘child advocacy center’ 
means a center created under subtitle A of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13001 et seq.); 
‘‘(3) the term ‘child human trafficking’ 
means 1 or more severe forms of trafficking in persons (as defined in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)) involving a victim who is a child; 
‘‘(4) the term ‘eligible entity’ means a 
State, Indian tribe, or unit of local govern-ment that— 
‘‘(A) has significant criminal activity in-
volving child human trafficking; 
‘‘(B) has demonstrated cooperation be-
tween Federal, State, local, and, where ap-plicable, tribal law enforcement agencies, prosecutors, and social service providers in addressing child human trafficking; 
‘‘(C) has developed a workable, multi-dis-
ciplinary plan to combat child human traf-ficking, including— 
‘‘(i) the establishment of a shelter for vic-
tims of child human trafficking, through ex-isting or new facilities; 
‘‘(ii) the provision of trauma-informed, 
gender-responsive rehabilitative care to vic-tims of child human trafficking; 
‘‘(iii) the provision of specialized training 
for law enforcement officers and social serv-ice providers for all forms of human traf-ficking, with a focus on domestic child human trafficking; 
‘‘(iv) prevention, deterrence, and prosecu-
tion of offenses involving child human traf-ficking, including soliciting, patronizing, or purchasing human acts with children; 
‘‘(v) cooperation or referral agreements 
with organizations providing outreach or other related services to runaway and home-less youth; 
‘‘(vi) law enforcement protocols or proce-
dures to screen all individuals arrested for prostitution, whether adult or child, for vic-timization by sex trafficking and by other crimes, such as sexual assault and domestic violence; and 
‘‘(vii) cooperation or referral agreements 
with State child welfare agencies and child advocacy centers; and 
‘‘(D) provides an assurance that, under the 
plan under subparagraph (C), a victim of child human trafficking shall not be required to collaborate with law enforcement officers to have access to any shelter or services pro-vided with a grant under this section; 
‘‘(5) the term ‘Indian child’ has the mean-
ing given the term in section 4 of the Indian Child Welfare Act (25 U.S.C. 1903); and 
‘‘(6) the term ‘Indian tribe’ has the mean-
ing given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assist-ance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). 
‘‘(l) G
RANT ACCOUNTABILITY ; SPECIALIZED  
VICTIMS ’ SERVICE REQUIREMENT .—No grant 
funds under this section may be awarded or transferred to any entity unless such entity has demonstrated substantial experience 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR6.015 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1547 March 16, 2015 
providing services to victims of human traf-
ficking or related populations (such as run-away and homeless youth), or employs staff specialized in the treatment of human traf-ficking victims.’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents in section 1(b) of the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (22 U.S.C. 7101 note) is amended by striking the item relating to section 203 and inserting the following: 
‘‘Sec. 203. Victim-centered child human traf-
ficking deterrence block grant program.’’. 
SA 305. Ms. AYOTTE (for herself, Mr. 
PORTMAN , and Mr. R UBIO) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. MENTAL HEALTH FIRST AID TRAINING 
GRANTS. 
Section 520J of the Public Health Service 
Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb-41) is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by inserting 
‘‘MENTAL HEALTH AWARENESS ’’ before ‘‘ TRAIN -
ING’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘I
LLNESS ’’ and inserting ‘‘H EALTH ’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and 
other categories of individuals, as deter-mined by the Secretary,’’ after ‘‘emergency services personnel’’; 
(C) in paragraph (5)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘grant to—’’ and inserting ‘‘grant for evidence-based programs for the purpose of—’’; and 
(ii) by striking subparagraphs (A) through 
(C) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) recognizing the signs and symptoms 
of mental illness; and 
‘‘(B)(i) providing education to personnel re-
garding resources available in the commu-nity for individuals with a mental illness and other relevant resources; or 
‘‘(ii) the safe de-escalation of crisis situa-
tions involving individuals with a mental ill-ness.’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘, 
$25,000,000’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘$20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’. 
SA 306. Ms. HIRONO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 118. INCREASE IN U VISA ANNUAL LIMIT. 
Section 214(p)(2)(A) of the Immigration and 
Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(p)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘10,000’’ and inserting ‘‘30,000’’. 
SA 307. Mr. TILLIS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. l. REVOCATION OF IMMIGRATION BENE-
FITS FOR ALIENS CONVICTED OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—If an alien is convicted of 
human trafficking or any conspiracy related to human trafficking, the Secretary of 
Homeland Security shall— 
(1) revoke any immigration benefit granted 
to such alien, including deferred action or other relief from removal provided pursuant to policies implemented under, or substan-tially similar to policies implemented under, an Executive action set out under subsection (b); and 
(2) place such alien in expedited pro-
ceedings for removal from the United States after the alien completes any term of impris-onment for such a conviction. 
(b) E
XECUTIVE ACTIONS .—The Executive ac-
tions set out under this subsection are the following: 
(1) The memorandum from the Director of 
United States Immigration and Customs En-forcement entitled ‘‘Civil Immigration En-forcement: Priorities for the Apprehension, Detention, and Removal of Aliens’’ dated March 2, 2011. 
(2) The memorandum from the Director of 
United States Immigration and Customs En-forcement entitled ‘‘Exercising Prosecu-torial Discretion Consistent with the Civil Immigration Enforcement Priorities of the Agency for the Apprehension, Detention, and Removal of Aliens’’ dated June 17, 2011. 
(3) The memorandum from the Principal 
Legal Advisor of United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement entitled ‘‘Case-by- Case Review of Incoming and Certain Pend-ing Cases’’ dated November 17, 2011. 
(4) The memorandum from the Director of 
United States Immigration and Customs En-forcement entitled ‘‘Civil Immigration En-forcement: Guidance on the Use of Detainers in the Federal, State, Local, and Tribal Criminal Justice Systems’’ dated December 21, 2012. 
(5) The memorandum from the Secretary of 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Southern Bor-der and Approaches Campaign’’ dated No-vember 20, 2014. 
(6) The memorandum from the Secretary of 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Policies for the Apprehension, Detention and Removal of Un-documented Immigrants’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
(7) The memorandum from the Secretary of 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Secure Com-munities’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
(8) The memorandum from the Secretary of 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Exercising Prosecutorial Discretion with Respect to In-dividuals Who Came to the United States as Children and with Respect to Certain Indi-viduals Who Are the Parents of U.S. Citizens or Permanent Residents’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
(9) The memorandum from the Secretary of 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Expansion of the Provisional Waiver Program’’ dated No-vember 20, 2014. 
(10) The memorandum from the Secretary 
of Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Policies Supporting U.S. High-Skilled Businesses and Workers’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
(11) The memorandum from the Secretary 
of Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Families of U.S. Armed Forces Members and Enlistees’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
(12) The memorandum from the Secretary 
of Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Directive to Provide Consistency Regarding Advance Pa-role’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
(13) The memorandum from the Secretary 
of Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Policies to Promote and Increase Access to U.S. Citizen-ship’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
(14) The memorandum from the President 
entitled ‘‘Modernizing and Streamlining the U.S. Immigrant Visa System for the 21st Century’’ dated November 21, 2014. 
(15) The memorandum from the President 
entitled ‘‘Creating Welcoming Communities and Fully Integrating Immigrants and Refu-
gees’’ dated November 21, 2014. 
SA 308. Mr. CASSIDY (for himself 
and Mr. P ETERS ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
TITLE ___—TRAFFICKING AWARENESS 
TRAINING FOR HEALTH CARE 
SEC. l01. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Trafficking 
Awareness Training for Health Care Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. ll02. DEVELOPMENT OF BEST PRACTICES. 
(a) G RANT OR CONTRACT FOR DEVELOPMENT  
OFBESTPRACTICES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services acting through the Administrator of the Health Re-sources and Services Administration, and in consultation with the Administration on Children and Families and other agencies with experience in serving victims of human trafficking, shall award, on a competitive basis, a grant or contract to an eligible enti-ty to train health care professionals to rec-ognize and respond to victims of a severe form of trafficking. 
(2) D
EVELOPMENT OF EVIDENCE -BASED BEST  
PRACTICES .—An entity receiving a grant 
under paragraph (1) shall develop evidence- based best practices for health care profes-sionals to recognize and respond to victims of a severe form of trafficking, including— 
(A) consultation with law enforcement of-
ficials, social service providers, health pro-fessionals, experts in the field of human traf-ficking, and other experts, as appropriate, to inform the development of such best prac-tices; 
(B) the identification of any existing best 
practices or tools for health professionals to recognize potential victims of a severe form of trafficking; and 
(C) the development of educational mate-
rials to train health care professionals on the best practices developed under this sub-section. 
(3) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Best practices devel-
oped under this subsection shall address— 
(A) risk factors and indicators to recognize 
victims of a severe form of trafficking; 
(B) patient safety and security; (C) the management of medical records of 
patients who are victims of a severe form of trafficking; 
(D) public and private social services avail-
able for rescue, food, clothing, and shelter referrals; 
(E) the hotlines for reporting human traf-
ficking maintained by the National Human Trafficking Resource Center and the Depart-ment of Homeland Security; 
(F) validated assessment tools for the iden-
tification of victims of a severe form of traf-ficking; and 
(G) referral options and procedures for 
sharing information on human trafficking with a patient and making referrals for legal and social services as appropriate. 
(4) P
ILOT PROGRAM .—An entity receiving a 
grant under paragraph (1) shall design and implement a pilot program to test the best practices and educational materials identi-fied or developed with respect to the recogni-tion of victims of human trafficking by health professionals at health care sites lo-cated near an established anti-human traf-ficking task force initiative in each of the 10 administrative regions of the Department of Health and Human Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR6.015 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1548 March 16, 2015 
(5) A NALYSIS AND REPORT .—Not later than 
24 months after the date on which an entity implements a pilot program under paragraph (4), the entity shall— 
(A) analyze the results of the pilot pro-
grams, including through an assessment of— 
(i) changes in the skills, knowledge, and 
attitude of health care professionals result-ing from the implementation of the program; 
(ii) the number of victims of a severe form 
of trafficking who were identified under the program; 
(iii) of those victims identified, the number 
who received information or referrals for services offered; and 
(iv) of those victims who received such in-
formation or referrals— 
(I) the number who participated in follow 
up services; and 
(II) the type of follow up services received; (B) determine, using the results of the 
analysis conducted under subparagraph (A), the extent to which the best practices devel-oped under this subsection are evidence- based; and 
(C) submit to the Secretary of Health and 
Human Services a report concerning the pilot program and the analysis of the pilot program under subparagraph (A), including an identification of the best practices that were identified as effective and those that require further review. 
(b) D
ISSEMINATION .—Not later than 30 
months after date on which a grant is award-ed to an eligible entity under subsection (a), the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall— 
(1) collaborate with appropriate profes-
sional associations and health care profes-sional schools to disseminate best practices identified or developed under subsection (a) for purposes of recognizing potential victims of a severe form of trafficking; and 
(2) post on the public website of the De-
partment of Health and Human Services the best practices that are identified by the as effective under subsection (a)(5). 
SEC. l03. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: 
(1) The term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means an ac-
credited school of medicine or nursing with experience in the study or treatment of vic-tims of a severe form of trafficking. 
(2) The term ‘‘eligible site’’ means a health 
center that is receiving assistance under sec-tion 330, 399Z–1, or 1001 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254b, 280h-5, and 300). 
(3) The term ‘‘health care professional’’ 
means a person employed by a health care provider who provides to patients informa-tion (including information not related to medical treatment), scheduling, services, or referrals. 
(4) The term ‘‘HIPAA privacy and security 
law’’ has the meaning given to such term in section 3009 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300jj–19). 
(5) The term ‘‘victim of a severe form of 
trafficking’’ has the meaning given to such term in section 103 of the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
SEC. l04. NO ADDITIONAL AUTHORIZATION OF 
APPROPRIATIONS. 
No additional funds are authorized to be 
appropriated to carry out this title, and this title shall be carried out using amounts oth-
erwise available for such purpose. 
SA 309. Mr. GRASSLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Beginning on page 101, strike line 1 and all 
the follows through page 112, line 24 and in-sert the following: SEC. 302. HERO ACT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The illegal market for the production 
and distribution of child abuse imagery is a 
growing threat to children in the United States. International demand for this mate-rial creates a powerful incentive for the rape, abuse, and torture of children within the United States. 
(2) The targeting of United States children 
by transnational criminal networks is a threat to the homeland security of the United States. This threat must be fought with trained personnel and highly specialized counter-child-exploitation strategies and technologies. 
(3) The United States Immigration and 
Customs Enforcement of the Department of Homeland Security serves a critical national security role in protecting the United States from the growing international threat of child exploitation and human trafficking. 
(4) The Cyber Crimes Center of the United 
States Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment is a vital national resource in the ef-fort to combat international child exploi-tation, providing advanced expertise and as-sistance in investigations, computer forensics, and victim identification. 
(5) The returning military heroes of the 
United States possess unique and valuable skills that can assist law enforcement in combating global sexual and child exploi-tation, and the Department of Homeland Se-curity should use this national resource to the maximum extent possible. 
(6) Through the Human Exploitation Res-
cue Operative (HERO) Child Rescue Corps program, the returning military heroes of the United States are trained and hired to investigate crimes of child exploitation in order to target predators and rescue children from sexual abuse and slavery. 
(b) C
YBER CRIMES CENTER , CHILD EXPLOI -
TATION INVESTIGATIONS UNIT, AND COMPUTER  
FORENSICS UNIT.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subtitle H of title VIII of 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 451 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 890A. CYBER CRIMES CENTER, CHILD EX-
PLOITATION INVESTIGATIONS UNIT, COMPUTER FORENSICS UNIT, AND CYBER CRIMES UNIT. 
‘‘(a) C YBER CRIMES CENTER .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may oper-
ate, within United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement, a Cyber Crimes Cen-ter (referred to in this section as the ‘Cen-ter’). 
‘‘(2) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the Center 
shall be to provide investigative assistance, training, and equipment to support United States Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment’s domestic and international investiga-tions of cyber-related crimes. 
‘‘(b) C
HILD EXPLOITATION INVESTIGATIONS  
UNIT.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may oper-
ate, within the Center, a Child Exploitation Investigations Unit (referred to in this sub-section as the ‘CEIU’). 
‘‘(2) F
UNCTIONS .—The CEIU— 
‘‘(A) shall coordinate all United States Im-
migration and Customs Enforcement child exploitation initiatives, including investiga-tions into— 
‘‘(i) child exploitation; ‘‘(ii) child pornography; ‘‘(iii) child victim identification; ‘‘(iv) traveling child sex offenders; and ‘‘(v) forced child labor, including the sex-
ual exploitation of minors; 
‘‘(B) shall, among other things, focus on— ‘‘(i) child exploitation prevention; ‘‘(ii) investigative capacity building; ‘‘(iii) enforcement operations; and ‘‘(iv) training for Federal, State, local, 
tribal, and foreign law enforcement agency personnel, upon request and subject to the availability of funds; 
‘‘(C) may provide training, technical exper-
tise, support, or coordination of child exploi-tation investigations, as needed, to cooper-ating law enforcement agencies and per-sonnel; 
‘‘(D) shall provide psychological support 
and counseling services for United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement per-sonnel engaged in child exploitation preven-tion initiatives, including making available other existing services to assist employees who are exposed to child exploitation mate-rial during investigations; 
‘‘(E) is authorized to collaborate with the 
Department of Defense and the National As-sociation to Protect Children for the purpose of the recruiting, training, equipping and hiring of wounded, ill, and injured veterans and transitioning service members, through the Human Exploitation Rescue Operative (HERO) Child Rescue Corps program; and 
‘‘(F) shall collaborate with other govern-
mental, nongovernmental, and nonprofit en-tities approved by the Secretary for the sponsorship of, and participation in, out-reach and training activities. 
‘‘(3) D
ATA COLLECTION .—The CEIU shall col-
lect and maintain data concerning— 
‘‘(A) the total number of suspects identi-
fied by United States Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement; 
‘‘(B) the number of arrests by United 
States Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment, disaggregated by type, including— 
‘‘(i) the number of victims identified 
through investigations carried out by United States Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment; and 
‘‘(ii) the number of suspects arrested who 
were in positions of trust or authority over children; 
‘‘(C) the number of cases opened for inves-
tigation by United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement; and 
‘‘(D) the number of cases resulting in a 
Federal, State, foreign, or military prosecu-tion. 
‘‘(4) A
VAILABILITY OF DATA TO CONGRESS .— 
In addition to submitting the reports re-quired under paragraph (7), the CEIU shall make the data collected and maintained under paragraph (3) available to the commit-tees of Congress described in paragraph (7). 
‘‘(5) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—The CEIU 
is authorized to enter into cooperative agree-ments to accomplish the functions set forth in paragraphs (2) and (3). 
‘‘(6) A
CCEPTANCE OF GIFTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary is author-
ized to accept monies and in-kind donations from the Virtual Global Taskforce, national laboratories, Federal agencies, not-for-profit organizations, and educational institutions to create and expand public awareness cam-paigns in support of the functions of the CEIU. 
‘‘(B) E
XEMPTION FROM FEDERAL ACQUISITION  
REGULATION .—Gifts authorized under sub-
paragraph (A) shall not be subject to the Federal Acquisition Regulation for competi-tion when the services provided by the enti-ties referred to in such subparagraph are do-nated or of minimal cost to the Department. 
‘‘(7) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of the HERO Act of 2015, and annually for the following 4 years, the CEIU shall— 
‘‘(A) submit a report containing a sum-
mary of the data collected pursuant to para-graph (3) during the previous year to— 
‘‘(i) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; 
‘‘(ii) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
Senate; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR6.016 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1549 March 16, 2015 
‘‘(iii) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the Senate; 
‘‘(iv) the Committee on Homeland Security 
of the House of Representatives; 
‘‘(v) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
House of Representatives; and 
‘‘(vi) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the House of Representatives; and 
‘‘(B) make, to the extent feasible, a copy of 
each report submitted under subparagraph (A) publicly available on the website of the Department. 
‘‘(c) C
OMPUTER FORENSICS UNIT.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may oper-
ate, within the Center, a Computer Forensics Unit (referred to in this subsection as the ‘CFU’). 
‘‘(2) F
UNCTIONS .—The CFU— 
‘‘(A) shall provide training and technical 
support in digital forensics to— 
‘‘(i) United States Immigration and Cus-
toms Enforcement personnel; and 
‘‘(ii) Federal, State, local, tribal, military, 
and foreign law enforcement agency per-sonnel engaged in the investigation of crimes within their respective jurisdictions, upon request and subject to the availability of funds; 
‘‘(B) shall provide computer hardware, 
software, and forensic licenses for all com-puter forensics personnel within United States Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment; 
‘‘(C) shall participate in research and de-
velopment in the area of digital forensics, in coordination with appropriate components of the Department; and 
‘‘(D) is authorized to collaborate with the 
Department of Defense and the National As-sociation to Protect Children for the purpose of recruiting, training, equipping, and hiring wounded, ill, and injured veterans and transitioning service members, through the Human Exploitation Rescue Operative (HERO) Child Rescue Corps program. 
‘‘(3) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—The CFU 
is authorized to enter into cooperative agree-ments to accomplish the functions set forth in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(4) A
CCEPTANCE OF GIFTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary is author-
ized to accept monies and in-kind donations from the Virtual Global Task Force, na-tional laboratories, Federal agencies, not- for-profit organizations, and educational in-stitutions to create and expand public aware-ness campaigns in support of the functions of the CFU. 
‘‘(B) E
XEMPTION FROM FEDERAL ACQUISITION  
REGULATION .—Gifts authorized under sub-
paragraph (A) shall not be subject to the Federal Acquisition Regulation for competi-tion when the services provided by the enti-ties referred to in such subparagraph are do-nated or of minimal cost to the Department. 
‘‘(d) C
YBER CRIMES UNIT.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may oper-
ate, within the Center, a Cyber Crimes Unit (referred to in this subsection as the ‘CCU’). 
‘‘(2) F
UNCTIONS .—The CCU— 
‘‘(A) shall oversee the cyber security strat-
egy and cyber-related operations and pro-grams for United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement; 
‘‘(B) shall enhance United States Immigra-
tion and Customs Enforcement’s ability to combat criminal enterprises operating on or through the Internet, with specific focus in the areas of— 
‘‘(i) cyber economic crime; ‘‘(ii) digital theft of intellectual property; ‘‘(iii) illicit e-commerce (including hidden 
marketplaces); 
‘‘(iv) Internet-facilitated proliferation of 
arms and strategic technology; and 
‘‘(v) cyber-enabled smuggling and money 
laundering; ‘‘(C) shall provide training and technical 
support in cyber investigations to— 
‘‘(i) United States Immigration and Cus-
toms Enforcement personnel; and 
‘‘(ii) Federal, State, local, tribal, military, 
and foreign law enforcement agency per-sonnel engaged in the investigation of crimes within their respective jurisdictions, upon request and subject to the availability of funds; 
‘‘(D) shall participate in research and de-
velopment in the area of cyber investiga-tions, in coordination with appropriate com-ponents of the Department; and 
‘‘(E) is authorized to recruit participants 
of the Human Exploitation Rescue Operative (HERO) Child Rescue Corps program for in-vestigative and forensic positions in support of the functions of the CCU. 
‘‘(3) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—The CCU 
is authorized to enter into cooperative agree-ments to accomplish the functions set forth in paragraph (2).’’. 
(2) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The 
table of contents in section 1(b) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 note) is amended by adding after the item relating to section 890 the following: 
‘‘Sec. 890A. Cyber crimes center, child ex-
ploitation investigations unit, computer forensics unit, and cyber crimes unit.’’. 
(c) HERO C
ORPS HIRING .—It is the sense of 
Congress that Homeland Security Investiga-tions of the United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement should, to the max-imum extent possible, hire, recruit, train, and equip wounded, ill, or injured military veterans (as defined in section 101, title 38, United States Code) who are affiliated with the HERO Child Rescue Corps program for investigative, analyst, and forensic posi-tions. 
(d) I
NVESTIGATING CHILD EXPLOITATION .— 
Section 307(b)(3) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 187(b)(3)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) conduct research and development for 
the purpose of advancing technology for the investigation of child exploitation crimes, including child victim identification, traf-ficking in persons, and child pornography, and for advanced forensics.’’. 
TITLE IV—COMPLIANCE WITH 
STATUTORY PAY-AS-YOU-GO ACT 
SEC. 401. BUDGET COMPLIANCE. 
The budgetary effects of this Act, for the 
purpose of complying with the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go-Act of 2010, shall be deter-mined by reference to the latest statement titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legisla-tion’’ for this Act, submitted for printing in the Congressional Record by the Chairman of the Senate Budget Committee, provided that such statement has been submitted prior to the vote on passage. 
SA 310. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 57, between lines 2 and 3, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(3) activities of law enforcement agencies 
to find homeless and runaway youth, includ-ing salaries and associated expenses for re-tired Federal law enforcement officers as-sisting the law enforcement agencies in find-ing homeless and runaway youth; and SA 311. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Ms. 
AYOTTE , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , and Ms. B ALDWIN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
TITLE ll—RAPE SURVIVOR CHILD 
CUSTODY 
SEC. ll01. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Rape Sur-
vivor Child Custody Act’’. 
SEC. ll02. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: 
(1) C OVERED FORMULA GRANT .—The term 
‘‘covered formula grant’’ means a grant under— 
(A) part T of title I of the Omnibus Crime 
Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796gg et seq.) (commonly referred to as the ‘‘STOP Violence Against Women For-mula Grant Program’’); or 
(B) section 41601 of the Violence Against 
Women Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 14043g) (com-monly referred to as the ‘‘Sexual Assault Services Program’’). 
(2) T
ERMINATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘termination’’ 
means, when used with respect to parental rights, a complete and final termination of the parent’s right to custody of, guardian-ship of, visitation with, access to, and inher-itance from a child. 
(B) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this paragraph shall be construed to require a State, in order to receive an increase in the amount provided to the State under the cov-ered formula grants under this title, to have in place a law that terminates any obliga-tion of a person who fathered a child through rape to support the child. 
SEC. ll03. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: 
(1) Men who father children through rape 
should be prohibited from visiting or having custody of those children. 
(2) Thousands of rape-related pregnancies 
occur annually in the United States. 
(3) A substantial number of women choose 
to raise their child conceived through rape and, as a result, may face custody battles with their rapists. 
(4) Rape is one of the most under-pros-
ecuted serious crimes, with estimates of criminal conviction occurring in less than 5 percent of rapes. 
(5) The clear and convincing evidence 
standard is the most common standard for termination of parental rights among the 50 States, territories, and the District of Co-lumbia. 
(6) The Supreme Court established that the 
clear and convincing evidence standard sat-isfies due process for allegations to termi-nate or restrict parental rights in Santosky v. Kramer (455 U.S. 745 (1982)). 
(7) Currently only 10 States have statutes 
allowing rape survivors to petition for the termination of parental rights of the rapist based on clear and convincing evidence that the child was conceived through rape. 
(8) A rapist pursuing parental or custody 
rights causes the survivor to have continued interaction with the rapist, which can have traumatic psychological effects on the sur-vivor, and can make it more difficult for her to recover. 
(9) These traumatic effects on the mother 
can severely negatively impact her ability to raise a healthy child. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR6.017 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1550 March 16, 2015 
(10) Rapists may use the threat of pursuing 
custody or parental rights to coerce sur-vivors into not prosecuting rape, or other-wise harass, intimidate, or manipulate them. 
SEC. ll04. INCREASED FUNDING FOR FORMULA 
GRANTS AUTHORIZED. 
The Attorney General shall increase the 
amount provided to a State under the cov-ered formula grants in accordance with this title if the State has in place a law that al-lows the mother of any child that was con-ceived through rape to seek court-ordered termination of the parental rights of her rap-ist with regard to that child, which the court is authorized to grant upon clear and con-vincing evidence of rape. 
SEC. ll05. APPLICATION. 
A State seeking an increase in the amount 
provided to the State under the covered for-mula grants shall include in the application of the State for each covered formula grant such information as the Attorney General may reasonably require, including informa-tion about the law described in section ll04. 
SEC. ll06. GRANT INCREASE. 
The amount of the increase provided to a 
State under the covered formula grants under this title shall be equal to not more than 10 percent of the average of the total amount of funding provided to the State under the covered formula grants under the 3 most recent awards to the State. 
SEC. ll07. PERIOD OF INCREASE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Attorney General 
shall provide an increase in the amount pro-vided to a State under the covered formula grants under this title for a 2-year period. 
(b) L
IMIT.—The Attorney General may not 
provide an increase in the amount provided to a State under the covered formula grants under this title more than 4 times. 
SEC. ll08. ALLOCATION OF INCREASED FOR-
MULA GRANT FUNDS. 
The Attorney General shall allocate an in-
crease in the amount provided to a State under the covered formula grants under this title such that— 
(1) 25 percent the amount of the increase is 
provided under the program described in sec-tion ll02(1)(A); and 
(2) 75 percent the amount of the increase is 
provided under the program described in sec-tion ll02(1)(B). 
SEC. ll09. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated to 
carry out this title $5,000,000 for each of fis-cal years 2015 through 2019. 
SA 312. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of title II, add the following: 
Subtitle D—Expanded Training 
SEC. 231. EXPANDED TRAINING RELATING TO 
TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS. 
Section 105(c)(4) of the Trafficking Victims 
Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(c)(4)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Appropriate personnel’’ 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Appropriate personnel’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (A), as redesignated, by 
inserting ‘‘, including members of the Serv-ice (as such term is defined in section 103 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3903))’’ after ‘‘Department of State’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) T
RAINING COMPONENTS .—Training 
under this paragraph shall include— 
‘‘(i) a distance learning course on traf-
ficking-in-persons issues and the Depart-ment of State’s obligations under this Act, 
which shall be designed for embassy report-ing officers, regional bureaus’ trafficking-in- persons coordinators, and their superiors; 
‘‘(ii) specific trafficking-in-persons brief-
ings for all ambassadors and deputy chiefs of mission before such individuals depart for their posts; and 
‘‘(iii) at least annual reminders to all per-
sonnel referred to in clauses (i) and (ii), in-cluding appropriate personnel from other Federal departments and agencies, at each diplomatic or consular post of the Depart-ment of State located outside the United States of— 
‘‘(I) key problems, threats, methods, and 
warning signs of trafficking in persons spe-cific to the country or jurisdiction in which each such post is located; and 
‘‘(II) appropriate procedures to report in-
formation that any such personnel may ac-quire about possible cases of trafficking in persons.’’. 
SA 313. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of title II, add the following: 
Subtitle D—Prioritization Within the 
Department of State 
SEC. 231. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Office to Monitor and Combat Traf-
ficking of the Department of State will be more effective in carrying out duties man-dated by Congress in the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 if the Office status is changed to that of a Bureau within the De-partment hierarchy; 
(2) the change in status from Office to 
Monitor and Combat Trafficking to a Bureau can be accomplished without increasing the number of personnel or the budget of the current Office; 
(3) a Bureau to Monitor and Combat Traf-
ficking would be more effective in carrying out duties mandated by Congress in the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 if the Bureau were headed by an Assistant Sec-retary with direct access to the Secretary of State, rather than an Ambassador-at-Large; and 
(4) the Secretary of State should review 
the current use of the 24 Assistant Secretary positions authorized by section 1(c)(1) of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2651a(c)(1)) and make appro-priate revisions, consolidations, and elimi-nations, to ensure that those positions re-flect the highest Departmental needs and foreign policy priorities of the United States, including efforts to combat traf-ficking in persons. 
SEC. 232. BUREAU TO COMBAT TRAFFICKING IN 
PERSONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 105(e) of the Traf-
ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(e)) is amended— 
(1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘Office to 
Monitor and Combat Trafficking’’ and in-serting ‘‘Bureau To Combat Trafficking in Persons’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘Of-
fice to Monitor and Combat Trafficking’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau to Combat Trafficking in Persons’’; 
(B) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘Of-
fice’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau’’; and 
(C) in the sixth sentence, by striking ‘‘Of-
fice’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau’’; and 
(3) in subparagraph (A) of paragraph (2), by 
striking ‘‘Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau to Com-
bat Trafficking in Persons’’. 
(b) R
EFERENCE .—Any reference in the Traf-
ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 or in any other Act to the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking shall be deemed to be a reference to the Bureau to Combat Traf-ficking in Persons. 
SEC. 233. REPORT REGARDING DESIGNATION OF 
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF STATE TO COMBAT TRAFFICKING IN PER-SONS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit, to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, a report detailing— 
(1) for each current Assistant Secretary of 
State position— 
(A) the title of that Assistant Secretary of 
State; 
(B) how long that particular Assistant Sec-
retary designation has been in existence; and 
(C) whether that particular Assistant Sec-
retary designation was legislatively man-dated or authorized and, if so, the relevant statutory citation for such mandate or au-thorization; and 
(2) whether the Secretary intends to des-
ignate 1 of the Assistant Secretary of State positions authorized under section 1(c)(1) of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2651a(c)(1)) as the Assistant Secretary of State to Combat Trafficking in Persons, and the reasons for that decision. 
SEC. 234. COST LIMITATION. 
No additional funds are authorized to be 
appropriated for ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’ to carry out the provisions of this subtitle. 
SA 314. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of title II, add the following: 
Subtitle D—Prioritization Within the 
Department of State 
SEC. 231. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Office to Monitor and Combat Traf-
ficking of the Department of State will be more effective in carrying out duties man-dated by Congress in the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 if the Office status is changed to that of a Bureau within the De-partment hierarchy; 
(2) the change in status from Office to 
Monitor and Combat Trafficking to a Bureau can be accomplished without increasing the number of personnel or the budget of the current Office; 
(3) a Bureau to Monitor and Combat Traf-
ficking would be more effective in carrying out duties mandated by Congress in the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 if the Bureau were headed by an Assistant Sec-retary with direct access to the Secretary of State, rather than an Ambassador-at-Large; and 
(4) the Secretary of State should review 
the current use of the 24 Assistant Secretary positions authorized by section 1(c)(1) of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2651a(c)(1)) and make appro-priate revisions, consolidations, and elimi-nations, to ensure that those positions re-flect the highest Departmental needs and foreign policy priorities of the United States, including efforts to combat traf-ficking in persons. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR6.017 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1551 March 16, 2015 
SEC. 232. BUREAU TO COMBAT TRAFFICKING IN 
PERSONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 105(e) of the Traf-
ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(e)) is amended— 
(1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘Office to 
Monitor and Combat Trafficking’’ and in-serting ‘‘Bureau To Combat Trafficking in Persons’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘Of-
fice to Monitor and Combat Trafficking’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau to Combat Trafficking in Persons’’; 
(B) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘Of-
fice’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau’’; and 
(C) in the sixth sentence, by striking ‘‘Of-
fice’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau’’; and 
(3) in subparagraph (A) of paragraph (2), by 
striking ‘‘Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau to Com-bat Trafficking in Persons’’. 
(b) R
EFERENCE .—Any reference in the Traf-
ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 or in any other Act to the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking shall be deemed to be a reference to the Bureau to Combat Traf-ficking in Persons. 
SEC. 233. REPORT REGARDING DESIGNATION OF 
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF STATE TO COMBAT TRAFFICKING IN PER-SONS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit, to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, a report detailing— 
(1) for each current Assistant Secretary of 
State position— 
(A) the title of that Assistant Secretary of 
State; 
(B) how long that particular Assistant Sec-
retary designation has been in existence; and 
(C) whether that particular Assistant Sec-
retary designation was legislatively man-dated or authorized and, if so, the relevant statutory citation for such mandate or au-thorization; and 
(2) whether the Secretary intends to des-
ignate 1 of the Assistant Secretary of State positions authorized under section 1(c)(1) of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2651a(c)(1)) as the Assistant Secretary of State to Combat Trafficking in Persons, and the reasons for that decision. 
SEC. 234. COST LIMITATION. 
No additional funds are authorized to be 
appropriated for ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’ to carry out the provisions of this subtitle. 
SA 315. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of title II, add the following: 
Subtitle D—Special Watch List 
SEC. 231. COUNTRIES ON SPECIAL WATCH LIST 
FOR 4 CONSECUTIVE YEARS THAT ARE DOWNGRADED AND REIN-STATED ON SPECIAL WATCH LIST. 
Section 110(b)(2) of the Trafficking Victims 
Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7107(b)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(F) C
OUNTRIES ON SPECIAL WATCH LIST FOR  
4 CONSECUTIVE YEARS THAT ARE DOWNGRADED  
AND REINSTATED ON SPECIAL WATCH LIST .— 
Notwithstanding subparagraphs (D) and (E), a country that— 
‘‘(i) was included on the special watch list 
described in subparagraph (A) for 4 consecu-tive years after the date of the enactment of the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008; and ‘‘(ii) was subsequently included on the list 
of countries described in paragraph (1)(C), may not thereafter be included on the spe-cial watch list described in subparagraph (A) for more than 1 consecutive year.’’. 
SA 316. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of title II, add the following: 
Subtitle D—Special Watch List 
SEC. 231. COUNTRIES ON SPECIAL WATCH LIST 
FOR 4 CONSECUTIVE YEARS THAT ARE DOWNGRADED AND REIN-STATED ON SPECIAL WATCH LIST. 
Section 110(b)(2) of the Trafficking Victims 
Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7107(b)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(F) C
OUNTRIES ON SPECIAL WATCH LIST FOR  
4 CONSECUTIVE YEARS THAT ARE DOWNGRADED  
AND REINSTATED ON SPECIAL WATCH LIST .— 
Notwithstanding subparagraphs (D) and (E), a country that— 
‘‘(i) was included on the special watch list 
described in subparagraph (A) for 4 consecu-tive years after the date of the enactment of the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008; and 
‘‘(ii) was subsequently included on the list 
of countries described in paragraph (1)(C), may not thereafter be included on the spe-cial watch list described in subparagraph (A) for more than 1 consecutive year.’’. 
f 
NOTICE OF HEARING 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. ALEXANDER. The Committee 
on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions will meet during the session of the Senate on March 24, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Continuing Amer-ica’s Leadership: Advancing Research and Development for Patients.’’ 
For further information regarding 
this meeting, please contact Jamie Garden of the committee staff on (202) 224–1409. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 16, 2015, at 4 p.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Federal Improper Payments and the Death Master File.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGE OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that privileges of the floor be granted to the following member of my staff: Francis Cissna, during the pendency of the remainder of the 114th Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
APPOINTMENTS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Chair, on behalf of the President of the Senate, pursuant to Public Law 106–286, hereby notifies the Senate of an amendment to the majority member-ship appointment made in the Senate on February 25, 2015, to serve on the Congressional-Executive Commission on the People’s Republic of China: the Honorable M
ARCO RUBIO of Florida, Co- 
Chair. 
The Chair, on behalf of the Vice 
President, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 276d– 276g, as amended, appoints the fol-lowing Senator as vice chairman of the Senate delegation to the Canada-U.S. Interparliamentary Group Conference during the 114th Congress: the Honor-able A
MYKLOBUCHAR of Minnesota. 
The Chair, on behalf of the President 
pro tempore, and upon the rec-ommendation of the Democratic lead-er, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 276l, appoints the following Senator as vice chairman of the Senate delegation to the British- American Interparliamentary Group Conference during the 114th Congress: the Honorable P
ATRICK J. L EAHY of 
Vermont. 
The Chair, on behalf of the President 
pro tempore, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 276n, as amended, appoints the fol-lowing Senator as vice chairman of the U.S.-China Interparliamentary Group Conference during the 114th Congress: the Honorable M
AZIE K. H IRONO of Ha-
waii. 
The Chair, on behalf of the Vice 
President, and upon the recommenda-tion of the Democratic leader, pursu-ant to 22 U.S.C. 276h–276k, as amended, appoints the following Senator as vice chairman of the Senate delegation to the Mexico-U.S. Interparliamentary Group Conference during the 114th Con-gress: the Honorable T
IMKAINE of Vir-
ginia. 
f 
FILING DEADLINE—S. 178 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the filing deadline for second-degree amendments to S. 178 be set for 10:30 a.m. tomorrow, March 17. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, MARCH 17, 
2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, March 17; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consider-ation of S. 178, with the time until the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR6.019 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1552 March 16, 2015 
cloture vote at 11 a.m. equally divided 
between the two leaders or their des-ignees; finally, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROGRAM 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, at 
11 a.m. tomorrow, the Senate will vote on cloture on the committee substitute to the antitrafficking bill. If cloture is not invoked, there will be a second im-mediate vote on cloture on the under-lying bill. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator C
OTTON for up to 45 minutes 
and Senator B ROWN for up to 15 min-
utes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Arkansas. 
f 
AMERICA’S MILITARY STRENGTH 
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I speak 
for the first time from the Senate floor with a simple message: The world is growing ever more dangerous and our defense spending is wholly inadequate to confront the danger. To be exact: 
During the last four or five years the world 
has grown gravely darker. . . . We have steadily disarmed, partly with a sincere de-sire to give a lead to other countries, and partly through the severe financial pressure of the time. But a change must now be made. We must not continue longer on a course in which we alone are growing weaker while every other nation is growing stronger. 
I wish I could take credit for those 
eloquent and ominous words, but I can-not. Winston Churchill sounded that warning in 1933, as Adolph Hitler had taken power in Germany. 
Tragically, Great Britain and the 
West did not heed this warning when they might have strangled that mon-ster in his crib. 
Rather than let the locusts continue 
to eat away at the common defense, the Axis Powers were stronger and the West weaker, conciliating with and ap-peasing them, hoping their appetite for conquest and death might be sated. As we all know, however, that appetite only grew until it launched the most terrible war in human history. 
Today, perhaps more tragically be-
cause we ought to benefit from those lessons of history, the United States is again engaged in something of a grand experiment of the kind we saw in the 1930s. As then, military strength is seen in many quarters as a cause of military adventurism. Strength and confidence in the defense of our inter-ests, alliances, and liberties is not seen to deter aggression but to provoke it. Rather than confront our adver-
saries, our President apologizes for our supposed transgressions. The adminis-tration is harsh and unyielding to our friends, soothing and suffocating to our enemies. The President minimizes the threat we confront, in the face of terri-tory seized, weapons of mass destruc-tion used and proliferated, and inno-cents murdered. 
The concrete expression of this ex-
periment is our collapsing defense budget. For years, we have systemati-cally underfunded our military, marrying this philosophy of retreat with a misplaced understanding of our larger budgetary burdens. We have strained our fighting forces today to the breaking point, even as we have eaten away at our investments in fu-ture forces, creating our own ‘‘locust years,’’ as Churchill would have put it. Meanwhile, our long-term debt crisis looks hardly any better, even as we ask our troops to shoulder the burden of deficit reduction, rather than shoulder 
the arms necessary to keep the peace. 
The results of this experiment, it 
should come as no surprise, are little different from the results from the same experiment in the 1930s. Amer-ican weakness and leading from behind have produced nothing but a more dan-gerous world. When we take stock of that world and our position in it, there can be no doubt a change must now be made. 
An alarm should be sounding in our 
ears. Our enemies, sensing weakness and hence opportunity, have become steadily more aggressive. Our allies, uncertain of our commitment and ca-pability, have begun to conclude that they must look out for themselves, even where it is unhelpful to stability and order. Our military, suffering from years of neglect, has seen its relative strength decline to historic levels. 
Let’s start with the enemy who at-
tacked us on September 11: radical Islamists. During his last campaign, the President was fond of saying Al Qaeda was ‘‘on the run.’’ In a fashion, I suppose this was true. Al Qaeda was and is running wild around the world, now in control of more territory than ever before. This global network of Is-
lamic jihadists continues to plot at-tacks against America and the West. They sow the seeds of conflict in failed states and maintain active affiliates throughout Africa, the Arabian Penin-sula, the Greater Middle East, and South Asia. 
Further, Al Qaeda in Iraq was let off 
the mat when the President dis-regarded its commanders’ best military judgment and withdrew all troops from Iraq in 2011. Given a chance to regroup, it morphed into the Islamic State, which now controls much of Syria and Iraq. The Islamic State cuts the heads off of Americans, burns alive hostages from allied countries, executes Chris-tians, and enslaves women and girls. The Islamic State aspires and actively plots to attack us here at home, wheth-er by foreign plots or by recruiting a lone wolf in our midst. The President’s suggestions, in other 
words, that the war on terror is over or ending, are far from true. Indeed, the Director of National Intelligence re-cently testified that ‘‘when the final accounting is done, 2014 will have been the most lethal year for global ter-rorism in the 45 years such data has been compiled.’’ Yet the President will not even speak our enemy’s name. 
The threat of radical Islamic ter-
rorism brings us to Iran, the world’s worst state sponsor of terrorism. My objections to the ongoing nuclear nego-tiations are well known and need not be rehearsed at length here. I will sim-ply note that the deal foreshadowed by the President, allowing Iran to have uranium enrichment capabilities and accepting an expiration date on any agreement—to quote Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu—‘‘doesn’t block Iran’s path to the bomb; it paves Iran’s path to the bomb.’’ If you think, as I do, the Islamic State is dangerous, a nuclear-armed Islamic Republic is even more so. 
Recall, after all, what Iran already 
does without the bomb. Iran is an out-law regime that has been killing Amer-icans for 35 years, from Lebanon to Saudi Arabia, to Iraq. Unsurprisingly, Iran is only growing bolder and more aggressive as America retreats from the Middle East. Ayatollah Khamenei continues to call for Israel’s elimi-nation. Iranian-backed Shiite militias now control much of Iraq, led by Qassem Suleimani, the commander of the Quds Force, a man with the blood of hundreds of American solders on his hands. 
Iran continues to prop up Bashar al- 
Assad’s outlaw regime in Syria. Ira-nian-aligned Shiite militants recently seized Sana’a, the capital of Yemen. Hezbollah remains Iran’s cat’s paw in Lebanon. Put simply, Iran dominates or controls five capitals in its drive for regional hegemony. Moreover, Iran has rapidly increased the size and capa-bility of its ballistic missile arsenal, recently launching new a satellite. Just 2 weeks ago, Iran blew up a mock U.S. aircraft carrier in naval exercises and publicized it with great fanfare. 
Iran does all of these things without 
the bomb. Just imagine what it will do with the bomb. Imagine the United States further down the road of ap-peasement, largely defenseless against this tyranny. 
You do not have to imagine much, 
though; simply look to North Korea. Because of a naive and failed nuclear agreement, that outlaw state acquired nuclear weapons. Now America is largely handcuffed, watching as this rogue regime builds more bombs and missiles capable of striking the U.S. homeland and endangering our allies. 
But perhaps an even more obvious re-
sult of this experiment with retreat is the resurgence or Russia. The Presi-dent aspired for a reset with Russia and made one-sided concessions such as withdrawing ballistic missile defenses from Poland and the Czech Republic. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.034 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1553 March 16, 2015 
So Vladimir Putin saw these conces-
sions as weakness and continues to vio-late the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty. The West refused to as-sist the new Ukranian President, so Putin invaded and stole Crimea. The Western response was modest sanc-tions. So Russian-supplied rebels shot a civilian airliner out of the sky in the heart of Europe. The President dithers in providing defensive weapons to Ukraine, so Putin reignites the war, takes Debaltseve, and stages outside Mariupol. When bombs and bullets were called for, blankets were rushed to the frontline. 
That is just in Ukraine. Putin is also 
testing NATO’s resolve. Russia has tested a ballistic missile with multiple warheads, designed to threaten our Eu-ropean allies in direct violation of the INF treaty. Russian bombers recently flew over the English Channel, dis-rupting British civil aviation. Estonia asserts that Russia kidnapped an Esto-nian security officer on its Russian border. And Russia continues to in-timidate and harass other NATO part-ners such as Sweden, Moldova, and Georgia. 
Finally, Russia’s ability to continue 
its aggression will only grow because its defense spending has more than quadrupled over the last 15 years. Moreover, the Russian military today is qualitatively better than the old So-viet military, despite its smaller size, as Admiral Bill Gortney, Commander of NORAD testified just last week. 
Some say that falling oil prices will 
restrain Putin. In fact, Russia’s Fi-nance Minister recently announced 10 percent across-the-board budget cuts to all departments of their government— except defense. This should give us some insights into Putin’s intentions and ambitions. 
Among major nation-state competi-
tors, Russia’s military buildup is ex-ceeded only by China’s. Over the same period of the last 15 years, China’s military spending has increased by 600 percent. Moreover, the bulk of the spending is directed quite clearly against the United States as China pur-sues its anti-access and area denial strategy. This strategy is designed to keep American forces outside the so- called first island chain and give China regional hegemony from the Korean Peninsula to the Indonesian archi-pelago. Thus, China is on a spending spree for more submarines, aircraft carriers, antiship ballistic missiles, and other air and naval systems. 
The impact of China’s rapid military 
expansion is clear. China has chal-lenged Japan’s control of the Senkaku Islands and purported to establish an exclusive air defense zone over the East China Sea. By expanding its activities in the Spratlys, China is precipitating a confrontation with the Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, and Taiwan. Fur-ther, China’s repressive actions against protesters in Hong Kong only serve to undermine Taiwanese support of reuni-fication, which itself could spark fur-ther Chinese aggression. All of this is 
to say nothing of China’s cyber theft and economic espionage against Amer-ican interests or its atrocious record on human rights. 
While America has retreated, not 
only have our enemies been on the march, our allies, anxious for years 
about American resolve, now worry in-creasingly about American capabili-ties. With the enemy on their borders, many have begun to conclude they have no choice but to take matters into their own hands, sometimes in ways unhelpful to our interests. 
Even our core NATO allies appear un-
settled by our recent experiment with retreat. The French intervened in Mali to confront Islamic insurgents, but without adequate advance coordina-tion, they quickly found themselves in need of emergency logistical support from our Air Force. 
Turkey just announced a new missile 
defense system that will not be inter-operable with NATO systems. Greece has a new governing coalition that is hinting at greater cooperation with Russia. 
The picture is no better outside 
NATO. Japan has significantly in-creased its defense budget because of a rising China and may feel compelled to reinterpret its post-war constitutional ban on overseas ‘‘collective self-de-fense.’’ Saudi Arabia just entered a nu-
clear pact with South Korea, likely a response to Iran’s nuclear program. Similarly, the Persian Gulf States have increased defense spending by 44 per-cent in the last 2 years. While we should encourage our partners to carry their share of the defense load, the Sunni states are building up their de-fenses, not to help us, but because they fear we won’t help them against Iran. 
We should never take our allies for 
granted, but we also shouldn’t take for granted the vast influence our security guarantees give us with our allies’ be-havior. Germany and Japan are not nu-clear powers today because of our nu-clear umbrella. Israel didn’t retaliate against Hussein’s Scud missile attacks in the gulf war, and thus we preserved the war coalition because we asked them for restraint and committed sig-nificant resources to hunting down Scud launchers. This kind of influence has been essential for American secu-rity throughout the postwar period, yet it has begun to wane as our allies doubt our commitment and our capa-bilities. 
Make no mistake, our military capa-
bilities have declined. In recent years, we have dramatically underfunded our military to the detriment of our secu-rity. To fully understand the military aspect of our experiment with retreat, some historical perspective is needed. 
Defense spending reached its peak in 
2008, when the base budget and wartime spending combined was $760 billion. In-credibly, the total defense budget plummeted by $200 billion in the last year. 
Today, defense spending is only 16 
percent of all Federal spending, a his-toric low rivaled only by the post-Cold 
War period. To give some context, dur-ing the Cold War, defense spending reg-ularly accounted for 60 percent of Fed-eral spending. But if we don’t end the experiment of retreat, this President will leave office with a mere 12 percent of all Federal dollars spent on defense. 
The picture is no prettier when cast 
in the light of our economy. In the early Cold War, defense spending was approximately 9 percent of gross do-mestic product. Today, it sits at a pal-try 3.5 percent. But our defense budget isn’t just about numbers and arith-metic. It is about our ability to accom-plish the mission of defending our country from all threats. 
The consequences of these cuts are 
real, concrete, and immediate. As former Secretary of Defense Leon Pa-netta explained, these cuts to defense spending have put us on the path to the smallest Army since before World War II, the smallest Navy since World War, and the smallest Air Force ever. Let’s look more closely at each service. 
Our Army has shrunk by nearly 
100,000 troops. The Army has lost 13 combat brigades, and only a third of the remaining brigades are fully ready to meet America’s threats. Further, in-vestments in modernization have fallen by 25 percent. If we continue on the current path, the Army will lose an-other 70,000 soldiers, and every mod-ernization program designed to pre-serve the Army’s technological advan-tage will be eviscerated. 
The Navy, meanwhile, has had to 
cancel five ship deployments and sig-nificantly delay the deployment of a carrier strike group. The Navy’s mis-sion requires it to keep three carrier strike groups and amphibious readiness groups prepared to respond to a major crisis within 30 years, but the Navy can only fulfill a third of its mission be-cause of cuts to maintenance and training. 
Similarly, the Air Force is less than 
one-third of its size 25 years ago. More-over, the Air Force depends upon mod-ernization to preserve its technological edge, perhaps more than any other service, but current funding levels could require cancellation of airborne- refueling tankers and surveillance air-craft, set back fighter and nuclear weapons modernization, and shorten the life of tactical airlift and weapons recovery programs. 
Nor are these impacts just imme-
diate; they will be felt long into the fu-ture. Key programs, once divested, will be difficult to restart. Manufacturing competencies will be lost, the skilled- labor pool will shrink, and the defense manufacturing base will atrophy. To-day’s weapons systems and equipment will begin to age and break down. Our troops won’t be able to train, and their weapons and equipment won’t be ready to fight. In short, we will have a hollow force incapable of defending our na-tional security. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.035 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1554 March 16, 2015 
What is to be done then? Our experi-
ment with retreat must end. This Con-gress must again recognize that our na-tional security is the first priority of this government. Our national security strategy must drive our military budg-et rather than the budget setting our strategy. The military budget must re-flect the threats we face rather than the budget defining those threats. 
In the face of these threats and after 
years of improvident defense cuts, we must significantly increase our defense spending. After hundreds of billions of dollars of these cuts, the base defense budget next year is set to be only $498 billion. That is wholly inadequate. Sec-retary of Defense Ash Carter recently testified: ‘‘I want to be clear about this—parts of our nation’s defense strategy cannot be executed under se-questration.’’ All four of the military service chiefs, in addition, have testi-fied that these cuts put American lives at risk. 
The President has proposed a modest 
increase to $534 billion, which is better than nothing. Senators J
OHN MCCAIN 
and J ACKREEDhave called for the full 
repeal of sequestration, which would raise the base defense budget to $577 billion. I applaud and thank these vet-erans of both the Senate and our mili-tary for this correct and clear-eyed rec-ommendation. 
Yet I also want to highlight their 
support for the recommendation of the National Defense Panel, which esti-mated that base defense spending for fiscal year 2016 should be $611 billion at a minimum. 
The National Defense Panel was a bi-
partisan group of eminent national se-curity experts convened by Congress to analyze the Quadrennial Defense Re-view. They unanimously concluded that then-Secretary of Defense Bob Gates’ fiscal year 2012 budget was the proper starting point to analyze our current defense needs—for at least two reasons. 
First, Secretary Gates had already 
initiated significant defense cuts and reforms totaling $478 billion. It is hard to say, given those efforts, that his 2012 budget had left much fat in the Depart-ment of Defense. 
Second, Secretary Gates and the De-
partment assembled and submitted this budget in late January 2010 and early 2011, or just months before the Budget Control Act with its draconian defense cuts became law. That budget, there-fore, was the last time the Defense De-partment was able to submit a threat- and strategy-based budget, instead of the budget-based strategies we have seen over the last 4 years. 
This logic is compelling, even unas-
sailable. Thus, I agree we should spend not merely $611 billion on the base de-fense budget next year but substan-tially more than that. After all, as we have seen earlier, and as the National Defense Panel has noted, the world has become much more dangerous since 2011. Islamic terrorism, Iranian aggres-sion, Russian revisionism, and Chinese interventionism have all worsened—to 
say nothing of other challenges. The $611 billion is necessary, but it is not sufficient. 
What then should our defense budget 
be next year? I will readily admit we cannot be sure how much is needed 
above $611 billion. As the National De-fense Panel explained, ‘‘because of the highly constrained and unstable budget environment under which the Depart-ment has been working,’’ the Quadren-nial Review ‘‘is not adequate as a com-prehensive long-term planning docu-ment.’’ Thus, the panel recommends that Congress ‘‘should ask the Depart-ment for such a plan, which should be developed without undue emphasis on current budgetary restraints.’’ 
I endorse this recommendation. In 
the meantime, though, even if we can’t specify a precise dollar amount, we can identify the critical needs on which to spend the additional money. 
First, our military faces a readiness 
crisis from budget cuts and a decade of war. Our young soldiers, sailors, air-men, and marines are the greatest weapons systems our country could ever have, but they need training—live- fire exercises, flight time, and so forth. Their weapons, equipment, and vehi-cles need maintenance and reset. If we faced a major crisis today, our troops would no doubt suffer more casualties and greater likelihood of mission fail-
ure. Of course, they know all of this, and morale suffers because of it. 
Second and related, our military is 
shrinking rapidly to historically small levels. This decline must be reversed. Our Navy probably needs 350-plus ships, not a budget-dictated 260 ships. The Army needs to maintain its pre-9/11 end strength of 490,000 Active-Duty sol-diers, as the Marine Corps needs 182,000 marines. The Air Force needs more air-craft of virtually every type—bomber, fighter, airlift, and surveillance. It is the deepest folly to reduce our military below its 1990s size as the world has grown considerably more dangerous since that quiet decade. 
Third, we should increase research, 
development, and procurement funds to ensure our military retains its historic technological advantage, particularly as our adversaries gain more access to advanced, low-cost technologies. This should start with the essential tools of command and control: cyber space, space, and intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance. The Air Force needs to modernize its bomber and mo-bility aircraft, in particular. The Navy needs to continue to improve its sur-face-ship and especially its submarine capabilities. 
These critical priorities will no doubt 
be expensive, probably tens of billions of dollars more than the $611 billion baseline suggested by the National De-fense Panel. Because the massive cuts to our defense budget resulted in part from record deficits, the question arises, however: Can we afford all of this? 
The answer is yes—without question 
and without doubt, yes. The facts here, as we have seen, are indisputable. The 
defense budget has been slashed by hundreds of billions of dollars over the last 6 years. The defense budget is only 16 percent of all Federal spending, a historic low and heading much lower if we don’t act. And using the broadest measure of affordability and national priorities, defense spending as a per-centage of our economy, last year we spent only 3.5 percent of our national income on defense, which is approach-ing historic lows and may surpass them by 2019. 
Let us assume, for the sake of argu-
ment, that our military needs $700 bil-lion in the coming year, an immediate increase of $200 billion. To some, that may sound staggering and unrealistic, yet it would still be barely 4 percent of our economy—a full 1 percent lower than the 5 percent from which Presi-dent Reagan started his buildup. If we increased spending merely to that level—which both President Reagan and a Democratic House considered dangerously low—we would spend $885 billion on defense next year. 
Furthermore, trying to balance the 
budget through defense cuts is both counterproductive and impossible. First, the threats we face will eventu-ally catch up with us, as they did on September 11, and we will have no choice but to increase our defense budget. When we do, it will cost more to achieve the same end state of readi-ness and modernization than it would have without the intervening cuts. This was the lesson we learned in the 1980s after the severe cuts to defense in the 1970s. 
Second, we need a healthy, growing 
economy to generate the government revenue necessary to fund our military and balance the budget. In our globalized world, our domestic pros-perity depends heavily on the world economy, which, of course, requires stability and order. Who provides that stability and order? The U.S. military. 
Finally, in the short term, ephemeral 
gains in deficit reduction from defense cuts merely mask the genuine driver of our long-term debt crisis: retirement and health care programs. The Budget Control Act ultimately failed to con-trol these programs—a failure not only of promises made to our citizens but also because the deficit-reduction de-fault became annual discretionary funding, particularly the defense budg-et. In the 4 years since, relative deficits have declined, alleviating the impera-tive to reform these programs yet doing nothing to solve their long-term insolvency and our debt crisis. 
A better question to ask is: Can we 
afford to continue our experiment in retreat? I suggest we cannot. Imagine a world in which we continue our current trajectory, where America remains in retreat and our military loses even more of its edge. What would such a world look like? 
It is not a pretty picture. Russia 
might soon possess the entire north shore of the Black Sea. An emboldened 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.037 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1555 March 16, 2015 
Putin, sensing Western weakness for 
what it is, could be tempted to replay his Ukrainian playbook in Estonia or Latvia, forcing NATO into war or obso-lescence. 
China could escalate its island con-
flicts in the East and South China Seas. Without an adequate American response—or worse, with China denying American forces access to those seas— countries as diverse as South Korea, Japan, Taiwan, and the Philippines would feel compelled to conciliate or confront regional stability. 
While North Korea already possesses 
nuclear weapons, Iran appears to be on the path to a nuclear bomb, whether it breaks or upholds a potential nuclear agreement. Not only might Iran use its weapon, but its nuclear umbrella would also embolden its drive for regional he-gemony. Moreover, Iran could provide its terrorist proxies with nuclear mate-rials. 
And does anyone doubt that Saudi 
Arabia and other Sunni states will fol-low Iran down this path? Nuclear tripwires may soon ring the world’s most volatile region, increasing the risk of nuclear war, as well as the pos-sibility that Islamist insurgents might seize nuclear materials if they can top-ple the right government. 
Islamic terrorists, meanwhile, will 
continue to rampage throughout Syria and Iraq, aspiring always for more at-tacks in Europe and on American soil. Emboldened by America’s retreat and by their own battlefield successes, they will continue to attract thousands of hateful fighters from around the world, all eager for the chance to kill Ameri-cans. 
All these are nightmare scenarios, 
but sadly not unrealistic ones. The al-ternative, however, is not war. No lead-er—whether a President, a general or platoon leader—wishes to put his troops in harm’s way. War is an awful thing, and it takes an unimaginable toll on the men and women who fight it and their families. 
But the best way to avoid war is to 
be willing and prepared to fight a war in the first place. That is the alter-native: military strength and moral confidence in the defense of America’s national security. Our enemies and al-lies alike must know that aggressors will pay an unspeakable price for chal-lenging the United States. 
The best way to impose that price is 
global military dominance. When it comes to war, narrow margins are not enough, for they are nothing more than an invitation to war. We must have such hegemonic strength that no sane adversary would ever imagine chal-lenging the United States. ‘‘Good enough’’ is not and will never be good enough. 
We can look to a very recent historic 
example to prove this point. Just 25 years ago, a dominant American mili-tary ended the Cold War without firing a shot. If we return to the dominance of that era, aggressive despots such as Vladimir Putin, rising powers such as China, and state sponsors of terrorism 
such as Iran’s Ayatollahs will think long and hard before crossing us. And while we may not deter terrorist groups such as the Islamic State, Al Qaeda, and Hezbollah, we will kill their adherents more effectively, while also sending a needed lesson to their sympa-thizers: Join and you too will die. 
Bringing about this future by being 
prepared for war will no doubt take a lot of money. But what could be a high-er priority than a safe and prosperous America, leading a stable and orderly world? What better use of precious tax-payer dollars? What more lessons from history do we need? 
I began with Churchill’s prescient 
words from 1933. Alas, the West did not take his advice, did not rearm and pre-pare to deter Nazi Germany. The pre-dictable result was the German remili-tarization of the Rhineland and the long march to war. Now let me close with his regretful words from 1936: 
The era of procrastination, of half-meas-
ures, of soothing and baffling expedients, of delays, is coming to its close. In its place we are entering a period of consequences. 
Churchill later called World War II 
the unnecessary war because it could have been stopped so easily with West-ern strength and confidence in the 1930s. I know many of you in this Chamber stand with me, and I humbly urge you all—Democrat and Repub-lican alike—to join in rebuilding our common defense, so that we will not face our own unnecessary war, our own period of consequences. 
I will now yield the floor, but I will 
never yield in the defense of America’s national security on any front or at any time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
f 
CONGRATULATING SENATOR 
COTTON 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, we 
just had an opportunity to hear from our new colleague from Arkansas, who has laid out the national security re-quirements of our country quite effec-tively. As someone who has served in the military himself in recent con-flicts, he speaks with extra authority. I want to congratulate the junior Sen-ator from Arkansas for an extraor-dinary initial speech and look forward to his leadership on all of these issues in the coming years. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
L
ANKFORD ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. CHILDREN’S HEALTH INSURANCE 
PROGRAM 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, time is 
running out for us to extend the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program, a program that began almost 20 years ago in this body and the other body and that right now is taking care of 10 mil-lion children—the children of parents who in most cases have full-time jobs that don’t offer insurance and full-time jobs that don’t pay enough so these families can buy insurance for their children. 
We know that CHIP works. It works 
for parents, and it works for children. We know that if we don’t act now, States will start rolling back the CHIP programs. Legislatures are adjourning almost as we speak. We need to provide States with certainty so they can budget for CHIP now and 4 years into the future. 
Unfortunately, the deal currently 
being floated in the House would not fund CHIP for a full 4 years. Instead, if reports are true, it would permanently repeal the sustainable growth rate—the so-called doctors fix—while failing to provide much needed certainty to chil-dren’s health care. I want to take care of doctors. I want to make sure this is done right because it affects doctors. It affects doctors’ ability to deliver care. It affects those patients whom doctors 
serve. But how do we leave here taking care of the doctors permanently and shortchanging children, only giving them 2 years of health insurance? It is past time we fix SGR. 
In 2001, when I was a member of the 
House, Congressman B
ILIRAKIS as the 
Republican chair of the Health Sub-committee of the Energy and Com-merce Committee and I as the Demo-cratic ranking member wrote the first SGR fix, so I have been fixing the SGR for a long time. But we shouldn’t be fo-cused in this body and that body on paying doctors at the cost of short-changing our children. Our priority must be passing a full 4-year, clean ex-tension of the current CHIP program, on which 130,000 children in my State depend—again, sons and daughters of working Oklahoma families and work-ing Ohio families who are working in jobs where they simply don’t get insur-ance and don’t get paid enough that they can buy insurance. These 10 mil-lion children in our Nation depend on this. 
A 4-year extension of CHIP will pro-
vide Congress, the administration, and our States with the necessary time to collect relevant data and information to fully analyze and prepare for the fu-ture of kids covered. Doing only 2 years is not just shortchanging these chil-dren and creating anxiety in their fam-ilies, it is also truncating our ability, compromising our ability to really un-derstand how to fully integrate CHIP into a health care system overall in the future. We should be providing cer-tainty and stability for these families, not the cliche of kicking the can down the road in favor of a short-term fix. A 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.038 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1556 March 16, 2015 
4-year extension provides that cer-
tainty and will make a difference into the next decade on how, in fact, we take care of low-income children. 
In Ohio alone, CHIP provides insur-
ance to 130,000 children. Enrollment is expected to grow over the next couple of years. I have traveled across Ohio in the last few weeks and have met with parents and children, doctors and nurses, to discuss CHIP. I have been to Cincinnati Children’s Hospital and To-ledo Children’s Hospital, Columbus’s Nationwide Children’s Hospital and Cleveland’s Rainbow Children’s Hos-pital. This morning, I was in Mahoning Valley in Boardman, a suburb of Youngstown, at the Akron Children’s Hospital. More than 6,000 children in Mahoning Valley rely on CHIP for care. 
I met with Ericka Flaherty, a 
Youngstown parent whose children could lose comprehensive coverage if we don’t extend CHIP now. Her son Chase was born prematurely, born at 27 weeks. He was immediately diagnosed with a number of chronic conditions, including a heart defect, chronic lung disease, and asthma. Chase spent more than 4 months in neonatal care, and, thanks to outstanding doctors at Akron Children’s Hospital, he is alive and growing today. But he needs many routine medical visits—visits his fam-ily simply can’t afford. His parents work, but they simply can’t afford to treat his conditions, including visits to lung specialists, neurologists, an eye specialist, and the regular hospital checkup every 2 months. Without CHIP, Ericka would face significant fi-nancial hurdles in getting Chase the care he needs. 
I also met with Jessica Miller of Lis-
bon, a community just south of Mahoning County, during this round-table. Her youngest son, Payton, was diagnosed with a serious respiratory condition. He had to be life-flighted to Akron Children’s Hospital to receive care when he couldn’t breathe. He has been diagnosed with type 1 juvenile di-abetes. His grandmother joined us. Jes-sica told me that she is so thankful for CHIP, that she gets Payton all the care he needs to treat these conditions— care she and her husband Justin would have a hard time affording otherwise. Justin is working as a paramedic. He was called out and couldn’t be at our meeting today. Justin is full time in nursing school. They are making some-thing of their lives. I don’t want them to be anxious about the health care of their children. 
Throughout Ohio, I hear the same 
thing: Providing health insurance to children like Chase and Payton isn’t just the right thing to do, it is the smart thing to do. It means children do better in school. They feel better when they are in school. They miss fewer days in school because they get preven-tive care because their health care needs are taken care of. 
CHIP has been around 18, almost 20 
years. It has always been bipartisan. If we follow these children later in life, we see they have higher rates of going 
to college and higher earnings than non-CHIP kids who don’t have insur-ance. By all kinds of very quantifiable measurements, CHIP is not just good for those families, it is not just the right thing to do to continue to fund CHIP over 4 years, it is also the smart thing to do for our country. 
Together with more than 40 of my 
colleagues, I introduced the Protecting & Retaining Our Children’s Health In-surance Program—PRO-CHIP—Act, which is a clean 4-year extension of funding for CHIP. PRO-CHIP would protect the Pediatric Quality Measures Program and provide funding to sus-tain this program through 2019. 
It would also extend the Performance 
Incentive Program, which provides bonus payments to States that help in-crease Medicaid enrollment among children, because if we provide insur-ance for low-income children, they are going to do better, and society is going to do better. They are less likely to end up in the emergency room for some-thing much more serious. For instance, for a child without insurance who has an earache, the mother and father think that it is going to cost a lot of money to go to the doctor and that maybe it will just get better, they wait a week. Into the second week, the pain is worse. The child can’t sleep. The child cries. They eventually go to the emergency room, which costs a lot more money than going to the doctor’s office, with the possibility that the child has had hearing loss. That is just one example of why we want to provide insurance and get them into the doctor early rather than waiting until later. 
PRO-CHIP has been endorsed by 
every children’s hospital in Ohio, the Association of Children’s Hospitals, virtually every children’s hospital, I believe, in the country, and other na-tional groups—the March of Dimes, the American Academy of Pediatrics, the Children’s Hospital Association, and Families USA, all of which want a clean CHIP. All of them want a 4-year extension for all the reasons we talked about. 
More than 1,500 organizations from 
across the country—including more than 75 groups from Ohio and a number from Oklahoma, the Presiding Officer’s State—have written to Congress asking us to ‘‘take action as soon as possible to provide a four-year funding exten-sion for CHIP.’’ 
Groups, including the Urban Insti-
tute, the Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Access Commission, and the Bipar-tisan Policy Center, have all noted the importance of the current CHIP pro-gram. 
The Urban Institute estimated that 
an additional 1.1 million children will become uninsured if separate CHIP coverage were eliminated. Again, these are sons and daughters of parents who have jobs—jobs that don’t provide in-surance and jobs that don’t pay enough that they can afford insurance. This would be a 40-percent increase, if this were to happen, in the number of unin-
sured children in the United States rel-ative to the number projected under the ACA with the continuation of CHIP. 
The Bipartisan Policy Center has 
called for extending CHIP for more than just the 2 years, but note what they say when calling for a CHIP ex-tension: ‘‘Two years does not provide sufficient time for state and federal elected officials and agencies to ad-dress major programmatic changes sought by policymakers on both sides of the aisle and at both levels of gov-ernment.’’ 
Support for CHIP has always been bi-
partisan. Senator H
ATCH , Republican 
from Utah; Senator Kennedy, Demo-crat from Massachusetts; a number of us on the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee in the House of Representatives back in 1997, Republicans and Demo-crats alike; and Chairman B
ILIRAKIS  
and I and others helped to write this legislation which has been successful at bringing the uninsured rate for chil-dren down by more than 50 percent. I am encouraged that Members of both parties have shown a willingness to come together. Senate Democrats will have a hard time supporting any plan that doesn’t extend CHIP for a full 4 years. 
I want to support the sustainable 
growth rate. I helped write the original one. I have supported it for 20 years. We shouldn’t be doing it like this on a temporary 1- or 2-year basis. This is fi-nally going to get done right, but we don’t do that and then leave out the children by only providing 2 years. 
Parents like Ericka and Jessica face 
enough uncertainty with their chil-dren’s health. Most of us in this body are parents, and a number of us are grandparents. Most of us, because we dress like this and we are Senators and have good insurance provided by tax-payers—we may have anxiety about our children and our grandchildren’s health, but we don’t have anxiety about their insurance and their ability to go to hospitals and doctors and spe-cialists to get care. Certainly, we are anxious about our children and all the things that could happen, but our anx-iety doesn’t reach into the whole sphere of worrying about how to pro-vide insurance for children. 
Ericka and Jessica can’t be anything 
but anxious when they hear that CHIP could end, and they understand that it should be 4 years. CHIP gives parents like them peace of mind that they will be able to get their children the care they need without bankrupting those families. We need to make sure these parents continue to have that peace of mind with a 4-year extension. The PRO-CHIP legislation we have intro-duced in the Senate with almost four dozen cosponsors makes sure those kids don’t lose critical coverage by saying no to any deal that doesn’t fund CHIP for the full 4 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.040 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1557 March 16, 2015 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. tomorrow. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:55 p.m., 
adjourned until Tuesday, March 17, 
2015, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
EXPORT -IMPORT BANK OF THE UNITED STATES  
PATRICIA M. LOUI–SCHMICKER, OF HAWAII, TO BE A 
MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE EXPORT- IMPORT BANK OF THE UNITED STATES FOR A TERM EX-PIRING JANUARY 20, 2019. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
IAN C. KELLY, OF ILLINOIS, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE 
SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER-COUN-SELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND 
PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO GEORGIA. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. ARNOLD W. BUNCH, JR. 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. STEPHEN W. WILSON 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: To be vice admiral 
VICE ADM. JAMES F. CALDWELL, JR. 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. MICHAEL T. FRANKEN 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS 
Executive nominations confirmed by 
the Senate March 16, 2015: 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION  
CARLOS A. MONJE, JR., OF LOUISIANA, TO BE AN AS-
SISTANT SECRETARY OF TRANSPORTATION. 
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE  
MANSON K. BROWN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO 
BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF COMMERCE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.041 S16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E327 March 16, 2015 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE 
OF NORTHWEST FLORIDA’S RICH-ARD W. ‘‘DICK’’ JONES, JR. 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the life of a good friend, Mr. Richard W. ‘‘Dick’’ Jones, Jr. I am saddened by his passing, but fortunate to have experi-enced his friendship, kind-hearted nature, self-less character, and unwavering loyalty. 
Dick was a native Northwest Floridian, born 
and raised on the beautiful Emerald Coast. He was born in Pensacola, Florida on May 7, 1930, to Richard W. Jones, Sr. and Agnes Curry Jones. Dick was a standout athlete, and, following his high school graduation, he attended the University of Florida, where he played on the school’s varsity tennis team. Dick’s passion for both tennis and the Florida Gators were constants throughout his life, and he was known as a top tennis player in North-west Florida and an avid Gator fan. 
Dick was also a true patriot, who answered 
the call of duty and served our Nation with honor and distinction as a member of the United States Air Force. Following his Air Force service, Dick began a successful career in the petroleum industry, while he and his lov-ing wife, Sally, raised their two children. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States 
Congress, I am proud to recognize the life of Dick Jones. As with so many great Americans, Dick’s impact cannot be truly captured in words. To all those who had the pleasure of knowing him, his legacy will forever live on in cherished memories, and he will long be re-membered as a loving and devoted husband, father, grandfather, great-grandfather, and friend. My wife Vicki and I extend our prayers and deepest condolences to his wife, Sally; son, John R. (Rusty) Jones and wife Becky; son, Richard W. (Rick) Jones, III and wife Tonya; four grandchildren, Jessica Jones and husband Jonathan, Katherine Ann Jones, Grace Ellen Jones, and Richard W. (Will) Jones, IV; one great-grandchild, Mason Jones; brother, Robert C. (Bert) Jones and wife Dolo-res; sister, Dixie Jones Beal and husband Burnell; aunt, Mary Ann Curry and her family; dear friends and brother-in-law, John C. Green and John’s daughter, Sherry Herring and fam-ily; and the entire Jones family. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL TEACHER AWARD 
HON. VERN BUCHANAN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in recognition of outstanding public school teachers in Florida’s 16th Congressional Dis-trict. I was once told that children are 25 percent 
of the population, but they are 100 percent of the future. 
And it’s true. The education of a child is an 
investment, not only in that student, but in the future of our country. 
Therefore, I established the Congressional 
Teacher Awards to honor educators for their ability to teach and inspire students. 
An independent panel has chosen Amanda 
Rojas from Haile Middle School in Bradenton for Florida’s 16th District 2015 Congressional Teacher Award for her accomplishments as a middle school social studies teacher. 
The following teachers were also nominated 
and chosen for recognition: 
Edward Hashey from Wilkinson Elementary 
School in Sarasota for his accomplishments as a Fifth Grade teacher. 
Christi McDowell-Cameron from Brookside 
Middle School for her accomplishments as the International Baccalaureate Coordinator. 
Russell Finger from Suncoast Polytechnical 
High, for his accomplishments as a high school science teacher. 
Michelle Carpenter from Team Success 
School, for her accomplishments as a first grade teacher. 
On behalf of the people of Florida’s 16th 
District I congratulate each of these out-standing teachers and offer my sincere appre-ciation for their service and dedication. 
f 
MOWEAQUA CENTRAL A&M GIRLS 
BASKETBALL TEAM 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, Congressman 
RODNEY DAVIS and I rise today to acknowl-
edge the outstanding victory of the Moweaqua Central A&M Girls Basketball Team as State Champions. 
The Raiders won the Class 1A State Cham-
pionship in a 51–41 victory. We would like to congratulate Coach Tom Dooley, Assistant Coaches Todd Rork and Mike Garner, the Athletic Director Jess Lehman and Athletic Trainer Timothy Berger who have worked hard to help the Central A&M High School Raiders achieve this victory. 
Members of the state championship team 
include: Ryan Dooley, Taylor Jordan, Kaylee Collins, Kaylee Hennings, Kaylan Schinzler, Kayla Gibson, Jorji Sparrgrove, Olivia Jordan, Mikah Maples, Shelby Dailey, Gabby Cole, Katie Conlin, Taryn Sams, Morgan Damery, and Abigail Hilton. 
Congressman D
AVIS and I both look forward 
to the continued success of the Moweaqua Central A&M Raiders and we extend our best wishes for another outstanding season next year. TRIBUTE TO WADSWORTH, OHIO 
HON. JAMES B. RENACCI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor a city I am proud to call home: Wads-worth, Ohio. 
This past year, Wadsworth celebrated its bi-
centennial. It was an opportunity to reflect on how far our city has come and how much we can achieve in the years ahead. 
Founded in 1814, the city was named after 
Elijah Wadsworth, a Revolutionary War hero. Though he never lived in Wadsworth, he was an active member of his community and served as the postmaster, sheriff, and the commander of the 4th Division State Militia. He led by example and showed us just how important it is to give back to a community that has given you so much. 
Wadsworth is important to me not only be-
cause it’s where I have called home for more than 30 years, it’s also where I raised my three children. That is why over a span of 18 years I served the city in capacities as a vol-unteer firefighter, a member of the Board of Zoning appeals, a member of the Planning Commission, president of the city council, and as mayor. 
Now, as a member of the U.S. House of 
Representatives, I am working on behalf of the people of Wadsworth and Ohio’s 16th District to encourage economic growth in our region and solutions that hold the promise of a bright-er future. 
President Lincoln once said, ‘‘The best way 
to predict the future is to create it.’’ I came to Washington to fight to pass on a better Amer-ica with more opportunities to our children and grandchildren, and each day I work toward that goal. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CHRIST TEMPLE 
CHURCH OF CHRIST (HOLINESS) 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with 
great pleasure and admiration that I congratu-late Christ Temple Church of Christ (Holiness) U.S.A. of Gary, Indiana, as its congregation and church leaders join together in celebration of the church’s 90th anniversary. The con-gregation, along with the church’s pastor, Bishop Dr. Dale L. Cudjoe, the Executive Board, and the Board of Deacons, commemo-rated this momentous occasion on Sunday, March 15, 2015, at the church. 
Christ Temple Church of Christ (Holiness) 
U.S.A. was organized by Sister Ella Bradley and Elder William A. Nolley when the two met and shared a common goal of starting a church in Gary, Indiana, that reflected the faith 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16MR8.001 E16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E328 March 16, 2015 
they had both known growing up in Mississippi 
and Missouri. Sister Bradley opened her home in Gary for the very first meeting, and the church was founded on November 25, 1925. Soon after, a lot of land was purchased on Pierce Street for the construction of the church building. Finally, in 1933, under the direction of Elder Johnny James Peterson, the first church was built. Years later, the church’s pastor, Elder L. M. Relf, helped to ensure that remodeling work was completed on the church. Due to the growing congregation, a larger place of worship was needed and, in 1980, under the leadership of Elder James K. Mitchell Jr., a bigger church was purchased at its current location on Washington Street in Gary. Bishop O.W. McInnis became the in-terim pastor in 1988 and worked to pay off the church’s mortgage. Bishop McInnis appointed Elder Dale L. Cudjoe as the next pastor of the church in 1989, and he became the full-time pastor in 1993. In 2010, Pastor Cudjoe was elected to the bishopric and became the pre-siding prelate of the Northern Diocese Church of Christ (Holiness) U.S.A., which includes Illi-nois, Indiana, Iowa, Michigan, and Ohio. 
Led by Bishop Cudjoe, Christ Temple 
Church of Christ (Holiness) U.S.A. continues to be a source of hope and charity for the community of Gary. Every week, members of the church organize a clothing and toy give-away for those in need within the community. Through the church’s youth ministry, children of the community can participate in the Youth Choir, Sunday School, and the Gym Ministry. In addition, the Brotherhood Ministry and the Temple Music Ministry programs are success-ful in building a spirit of unity throughout the church and the community. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other 
distinguished colleagues join me in honoring and congratulating Christ Temple Church of Christ (Holiness) U.S.A. in Gary, Indiana, on its 90th anniversary. For their commitment to service, and for touching the lives of countless individuals, the church leaders, parishioners, and board members are worthy of the bless-ings that have been bestowed upon them. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO SEDA KHOJAYAN— 
28TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of Women’s History Month. Each year, we pay special tribute to the contributions and sacrifices made by our nation’s women. It is an honor to pay homage to outstanding women who are making a difference in my Congressional District. I would like to recog-nize a remarkable woman, Seda Khojayan of Glendale, California. 
Seda Khojayan immigrated to the United 
States from Iraq in 1976. Currently, she is a member of the Soroptimist International of Glendale, serves as a Commissioner on the City of Glendale Commission on the Status of Women, and on the Board of Directors of the YWCA of Glendale. Mrs. Khojayan has been a dedicated member of the Armenian Relief Society of Western U.S.A., Inc. (ARS) for over three decades, serving on its Regional Execu-tive Board for two terms and in the capacities 
of Chair, Treasurer and Advisor for the ARS Sepan Chapter in Glendale. 
Seda uses her professional experience as a 
Programmer/Data Security Analyst for a major car manufacturer and education in Economics and Public Administration, to help plan and im-plement fundraising efforts, including grant writing, to help Armenian organizations such as the ARS secure funding for various philan-thropic, educational and social projects for low income families and for the needy. She also served as a fundraising committee member of Homenetmen Glendale ‘‘Ararat’’ Chapter, Homenetmen Navasartian Games & Festival, Armenian Cultural Foundation (ACF), and for the City of Glendale, including the Unity Fest, Man’s Inhumanity to Man, and Relay For Life. 
Throughout the years, Seda has received 
numerous awards, including the City of Glen-dale Commission on the Status of Women’s Jewels of Glendale Women of Courage Award in 2008, the ACF’s Community Service Award in 2013, and the Armenian American Chamber of Commerce’s Woman in Community Service Award in 2014. Mrs. Khojayan and her hus-band, Shirak, have two sons, Shaun, a federal criminal defense attorney, and Dikran, an in-dustrial engineer, and one granddaughter, Lil-lian. 
I ask all Members to join me in honoring an 
exceptional woman of California’s 28th Con-gressional District, Seda Khojayan. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO SAMUEL 
WANG 
HON. THOMAS MacARTHUR 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. M ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor an outstanding young man from my district, Samuel Wang. Samuel was selected as a member of the 2015 National Youth Or-chestra of the United States of America, which is a great accomplishment. 
The National Youth Orchestra, hosted by 
Carnegie Hall, is a competitive opportunity for 16 through 19 year old musicians from across the country. Samuel is a young violinist from Medford, New Jersey, who stood out among his peers and earned the high honor of being chosen to participate in this year’s orchestra. The young men and women selected will per-form at Carnegie Hall this summer, then tour seven cities in China. On their trip, they will have the opportunity to serve as cultural rep-
resentatives of our country, share in the ex-change of art and music, and collaborate and gather with young Chinese musicians. 
I am honored to represent bright young peo-
ple in South Jersey like Samuel, and I am ex-cited to hear from him when he returns from his trip this summer. Best of luck, Samuel, and congratulations. 
f 
RECOGNIZING WORLD DOWN 
SYNDROME DAY 
HON. DUNCAN HUNTER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, to mark World 
Down Syndrome Day on March 21st, 2015, the San Diego Congressional Delegation hon-
ors individuals challenged by Down syndrome. 
World Down Syndrome Day was established 
by the United Nations in 2011 and is marked each year on the 21st of March to raise awareness for those affected by this condition. Down syndrome is the most common genetic condition in the U.S., affecting approximately 400,000 Americans. Each year nearly 6,000 babies are born in the United States with Down syndrome. Over the years, research and improved therapy options have led to great advances in the health and quality of life for those affected by Down syndrome. And Congress needs to continue to build upon those efforts. 
We applaud the efforts of Special Heroes 
and their San Diego Down Syndrome chapter for their mission to serve individuals diag-nosed with Down syndrome and their families in the San Diego community—improving their daily lives by providing opportunities for suc-cess while promoting community education and engagement is paramount. 
Special Heroes has partnered with The Arc 
of San Diego to be a valuable foundation and resource of support to many families in the San Diego Community. Mr. Speaker, the San Diego Congressional Delegation stands to rec-ognize World Down Syndrome Day. 
f 
HONORING THE SAN ANTONIO 
MUSIC TEACHERS ASSOCIATION 
HON. LAMAR SMITH 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this 
month marks the 100th anniversary of the founding of the San Antonio Music Teachers Association (SAMTA) in San Antonio, Texas. SAMTA has provided education and perform-ance opportunities for music teachers and their students, including recitals, auditions, competitions and lecture series. SAMTA pro-vides scholarships necessary to many stu-dents who need financial assistance to con-tinue with thier music education. Members of SAMTA serve on the faculty of schools, col-leges and universities. Members also perform on the concert stage and in houses of wor-ship. SAMTA has elevated the level of profes-sional standards and musicianship in San An-tonio and the surrounding area. We are very grateful for the service they provide to aspiring musicians in our local community. 
f 
HONORING GORDON MICHAEL 
HENDRIX 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Gordon Michael Hendrix. Gordon is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citi-zenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 314, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
Gordon has been very active with his troop, 
participating in many scout activities. Over the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16MR8.006 E16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E329 March 16, 2015 
many years Gordon has been involved with 
scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Gor-don has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Gordon Michael Hendrix for his accomplishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achiev-ing the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
‘‘SHARK LADY’’ OF MOTE PASSES 
AWAY AFTER NEARLY 75 YEARS OF MARINE RESEARCH 
HON. VERN BUCHANAN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize one of America’s great ocean re-search pioneers, Dr. Eugenie Clark. 
‘‘Genie’’ Clark—known as the ‘‘Shark 
Lady’’—founded Mote Marine Laboratory in Southwest Florida. She died at age 92 on Feb. 25 at her home in Sarasota. 
Genie visited the New York Aquarium in 
1922 at age nine and was fascinated by the sharks and other fish of many shapes and col-ors. She began sharing what she learned about the fish with others. 
After carrying out a distinguished career 
spanning almost 75 years, raising four children and inspiring students and others, Clark will be remembered for her amazing discoveries. 
Her legacy is impressive: blazing trails for 
women in science; inspiring generations of people from ocean experts to school children; swimming with sharks to learn about them; and founding a world-class marine laboratory that turned 60 this year. 
Clark was a world authority on fish—particu-
larly sharks and tropical sand fish. A coura-geous diver and explorer, Clark conducted 72 submersible dives as deep as 12,000 feet and led over 200 field research expeditions to the Red Sea and Gulf of Aqaba, Caribbean, Mex-ico, Japan, Palau, Papua New Guinea, the Solomon Islands, Thailand, Indonesia and Borneo to study sand fish, whale sharks, deep sea sharks and spotted oceanic triggerfish. She wrote three books and more than 175 ar-ticles, including research publications in lead-ing peer-reviewed journals such as Science and a dozen popular stories in National Geo-graphic magazine. 
In 1955, Clark started the one-room Cape 
Haze Marine Laboratory in Placida, Fla., with her fisherman assistant and with philanthropic support and encouragement from the Vander-bilt family. The Lab thrived in partnership with its community and became Mote Marine Lab-oratory in 1967 to honor major benefactor Wil-liam R. Mote. Today the Lab is based on City Island, Sarasota, and it hosts 24 diverse ma-rine research and conservation programs, education programs for all ages and a major public Aquarium. The Lab has six campuses in Florida and more than 200 staff, including scientists who work in oceans surrounding all seven continents. 
Clark joined the Zoology faculty at the Uni-
versity of Maryland in 1968, and she officially retired in 1992. She returned to Mote in 2000 as Senior Scientist and Director Emerita and later became a Trustee. There, she continued 
to build upon and champion the groundbreaking research that she started 60 years ago. 
Clark dove as recently as June 2014, when 
she brought a team of volunteer research div-ers to study deep water triggerfish in the Sol-omon Islands. The divers had been searching for nests and monitoring how the fish be-haved. 
Clark is the recipient of three honorary de-
grees and numerous awards including The Ex-plorers Club Medal; the Medal of Excellence from the American Society of Oceanog-raphers; The NOGI award in Arts from Under-water Society of America; the Dugan Award in Aquatic Sciences from the American Littoral Society; a Gold Medal from the Society of Women Geographers; the Distinguished Fel-low Award from the American Elasmobranch Society; and the Franklin L. Burr Award from the National Geographic Society. Several fish species have been named in her honor: Callogobius clarki (Goren), Sticharium clarkae (George and Springer), Enneapterygius clarkae (Holleman), and Atrobucca geniae (Ben-Tuvia and Trewavas). 
Clark is survived by her four children: Hera, 
Aya, Tak and Niki Konstantinou, and her grandson, Eli Weiss. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO TRACY A. STONE— 
28TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of Women’s History Month. Each year, we pay special tribute to the contributions and sacrifices made by our nation’s women. It is an honor to pay homage to outstanding women who are making a difference in my Congressional District. I would like to recog-nize a remarkable woman, Tracy Stone, of Elysian Valley, a unique neighborhood in Los Angeles, California. 
Tracy Stone received a Bachelor’s Degree 
in Art History from Cornell University in New York, a Master’s Degree in Architecture from The University of Texas at Austin, and in 1989, was licensed as an Architect by the State of California. In 1991, Ms. Stone opened her own firm, Tracy A. Stone Architect. The of-fice has completed a variety of projects, in-cluding a ‘green’ teahouse, an animal shelter and a children’s dance studio. 
Ms. Stone and members of her firm created 
and organized the annual ‘‘Frogtown Artwalk’’ in Elysian Valley, which started in 2006, as a small event showcasing the artists and arti-sans inhabiting the small commercial/industrial buildings along the Los Angeles River in Ely-sian Valley. It has grown into a full-scale com-munity event that engages musicians from the surrounding areas, community organizations, local residents, as well as artists and artisans. The event has also featured various activities geared to parents and youth. The Frogtown Artwalk has traditionally celebrated the rela-tionship between the Elysian Valley and the adjacent Los Angeles River, helping to bring interest as well as attention to a long forgotten resource. In 2008, Tracy Stone and Allen An-derson established a non-profit organization, 
the Elysian Valley Arts Collective, which man-ages and funds the annual artwalk, and which has allowed the event to grow in complexity and size. 
I ask all Members to join me in honoring an 
exceptional woman of California’s 28th Con-gressional District, Tracy A. Stone. 
f 
CELEBRATING MS. MAXINE 
MILNER’S 100TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to recognize Ms. Maxine Milner, who is turning 100 years old March 23rd, 2015. She em-bodies the American dream as someone who has worked every day to improve the lives of her family and loved ones. 
As we celebrate Ms. Milner’s birth we can 
look back on a century filled with family and hard work. She was born in Kokomo, Indiana, and has remained a lifelong Hoosier who has never strayed far from home. In 1932, she married Edward V. Brown, and they were mar-ried for 74 years before he passed away in 2008. Shortly after marrying Edward, Maxine began working in 1935 at Crosley Radio. Crosley was eventually bought by Delco Radio where she continued to work for 39 years. Maxine was blessed with three children, four grandchildren, and is also a proud great grandmother of two. Since her retirement in 1974 she has been living out her retirement on Grissom Air Force base in Peru, Indiana. 
It is an honor to wish Ms. Maxine Milner a 
very happy birthday and to celebrate a century of achievement. On behalf of Indiana’s Sec-ond District, I am proud to recognize Maxine’s birthday and wish her good health and many more birthdays. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TODD JACOBSON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
honor Mr. Todd Jacobson, a history teacher at Creston High School. Mr. Jacobson received the 2014–2015 VFW High School Teacher of the Year Award. 
Mr. Jacobson received this award after 
being nominated by fellow teacher and 2009 award recipient, Lesa Downing. Mr. Jacobson served overseas during the Gulf War, and now says that he believes that there are no two greater professions, no more honorable pro-fessions than to have been a soldier and a teacher. He feels fortunate to have been able to do both. Todd plans to use his monetary award to provide a seating area at Creston’s Freedom Rock in honor of his late father-in- law, Wilbur Chubick, who served in the Navy during the early 1950s. 
I applaud and congratulate Todd Jacobson 
for his award, for providing the youth in Iowa’s 3rd congressional district the education that they will need to be successful in the future and for serving our country during the Gulf 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16MR8.021 E16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E330 March 16, 2015 
War. I am proud to represent him, his family 
and his fellow teachers and students in the United States Congress. I know that my col-leagues join me in congratulating Todd Jacobson and wishing him well and continued success in the future. 
f 
HONORING JOHN EVANS 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, it is always a 
pleasure to have local leaders in the business community who are civic-minded, and work hard to better the neighborhood. John Evans, the friendly face the community knows so well from Brown’s Jewelers on Riverdale Avenue, has been one of those community-minded business leaders for many years. 
John was born and bred in the Bronx. The 
grandson of a Greenwich Village artisan jew-eler, he and a partner started in the jewelry business in 1967, building a successful busi-ness in the East Bronx. At age 30, John was ready for a new challenge, and took his tal-ents to Fuji Film. For 20 years John rose through the ranks of the company, becoming upper-level management in Fuji’s bio-medical engineering division. 
As successful as his tenure at Fuji Film 
was, John decided to return to jewelry, this time at Brown’s in Riverdale. For 18 years as owner, John has become a pillar of the River-dale community. He has selflessly provided both financial and moral support to organiza-tions throughout the entire area, including the Riverdale Jewish Community Relations Coun-cil (RJCRC), the South Riverdale Little League, the children’s basketball program at the Riverdale Y, Rising Stars program at the Riverdale Y, and the Conservative Synagogue Adath Israel of Riverdale. John’s warmth and positive nature are evident in everything he does, and the Riverdale community has bene-fitted greatly from all of his efforts. 
This year, the RJCRC is honoring John with 
the Community Business Award at their an-nual Legislative Breakfast on March 15th. I want to congratulate my good friend John on this wonderful honor, and thank him for every-thing he has done on behalf of the Riverdale community. No one deserves this recognition or honor more than him. 
f 
HONORING CADET MAXWELL ROSE 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Cadet Maxwell Rose of Mis-souri for his achievement and commitment to serving our country. 
Cadet Rose has reached the second mile-
stone of the Civil Air Patrol Cadet Program, and is being promoted to the rank of Cadet 2nd Lieutenant. To complete the program and achieve this milestone, Cadet Rose had to excel in different trainings and leadership 
classes. He then went before a Promotion Re-view Board of his peers who acknowledged his achievements and awarded him this rec-ognition. This is quite an honor as only a few distinguished cadets nationwide achieve this status. 
At a young age Cadet Rose has shown an 
admirable commitment to serve our country, and I am very thankful for patriots like him who will lead the future generation of airmen. It is my pleasure to recognize his efforts and achievements before the House of Represent-atives. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO CHERYL ORTEGA— 
28TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of Women’s History Month. Each year, we pay special tribute to the contributions and sacrifices made by our nation’s women. It is an honor to pay homage to outstanding women who are making a difference in my Congressional District. I would like to recog-nize a remarkable woman, Cheryl Ortega of Echo Park, a unique neighborhood in Los An-geles, California. 
Born in Los Feliz and raised in the Echo 
Park area of Los Angeles, California, Ms. Ortega’s father’s family arrived in Echo Park from Massachusetts in 1917, hoping to be part of the early movie industry. Ms. Ortega at-tended Los Feliz Elementary School, Our Mother of Good Counsel School, Immaculate Heart High School and Immaculate Heart Col-lege. She holds a Bachelor of Arts in French and a Bilingual Teaching Credential in Span-ish. 
Cheryl has been passionate about edu-
cation from a very young age. She has been a teacher for nearly half a century, and has been teaching in Echo Park at Logan Span School for over two decades. Ms. Ortega’s close association with the immigrant commu-nity has led her to actively advocate for people whose children she has taught in bilingual early education programs for almost 50 years. Along with her professional career, Cheryl is active and engaged in volunteering for the community and its schools. Currently, she serves on the Board of Directors of United Teachers Los Angeles, representing English Learner students and their teachers. She also serves as the Co-Chair of the Schools, Librar-ies, and Community Organizations of the Greater Echo Park Elysian Neighborhood Council, and has been a member of the Coun-cil through several different administrations. 
Cheryl and her husband, John, have three 
children, John, Kristina and Sara, and five grandchildren, Danny, Jake, Amanda, Ben and Caleb. 
I ask all Members to join me in honoring an 
exceptional woman of California’s 28th Con-gressional District, Cheryl Ortega. IN HONOR OF MR. MIKE 
MOYNIHAN 
HON. DONALD NORCROSS 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to commend the works of Mr. Mike Moynihan whose achievements, contributions and serv-ice to the people of New Jersey as an advo-cate and leader, have not gone unnoticed. 
Mr. Moynihan recently retired after eighteen 
years with the United Way of Camden County and the United Way of Greater Philadelphia and Southern New Jersey. Mr. Moynihan has also served across the nation with the United Way for nearly thirty years. 
Mike was an effective and valuable member 
of the United Way of Camden County as its President and CEO. He was an advocate for the needs of the whole community, assisting in the merger that created a powerful and ef-fective United Way in our area. I know Mike as a vital member of the community, and I en-joyed our time working together. 
In addition to his work with the United Way, 
Mike also serves on the executive committee of the Senator Walter Rand Institute for Public Affairs at Rutgers University, the Camden County Government Ethics Board, and has also been involved in a variety of community service organizations. 
Mr. Speaker, Mr. Moynihan is a great man 
who demonstrates for us all the good that can be accomplished by pairing true leadership and great compassion. I join with my commu-nity and all of New Jersey in honoring the achievements of this truly exceptional man. 
f 
HONORING BRYSON DEAN GRAU 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Bryson Dean Grau. Bryson is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citi-zenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 314, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
Bryson has been very active with his troop, 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Bryson has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Bryson has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Bryson Dean Grau for his ac-complishments with the Boy Scouts of Amer-ica and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR8.001 E16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E331 March 16, 2015 
REMEMBERING JIM ‘‘LIBBY’’ 
LIBERATORE 
HON. THOMAS MacARTHUR 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. M ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the life of a great man in my district, Jim ‘‘Libby’’ Liberatore, who passed away this month at the age of 60. Mr. Liberatore was a former Burlington Township fire chief, and dedicated his life to emergency services and caring for his community. 
It is not often that we come across public 
servants who not only embody the spirit of service, but who approach that service with passion and excitement. Libby was truly one of those men—he began his career as a vol-unteer firefighter in 1971 and went on to fill countless positions and duties over the next 43 years. He spent six years as fire chief and received the State Firefighter of the Year Award in 1992. 
His friends and colleagues describe him as 
the key individual responsible for bringing peo-ple together. Mr. Liberatore organized edu-cational trips to conventions, encouraged a spirit of healthy competition, and led fund-raisers for the fire station. His devotion to those around him never went unnoticed, and the South Jersey community is greatly im-proved because of his life and work. 
It is my sincere hope that Libby will continue 
be an inspiration to those who knew him, and that we can all strive to reflect the same val-ues of service, love, and dedication he per-sonified. May he rest in peace. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MAX MEKUS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Dr. Max Mekus for his many years of service on the Ringgold County Board of Health. 
For the past 26 years, Dr. Mekus has 
served as a faithful servant to his county. All members of this board are volunteers and have jurisdiction over public health matters in the county. 
I know that my colleagues in the United 
States Congress join me in commending Dr. Max Mekus for his service to Ringgold County and wish him the best in his retirement from his duties. I consider it an honor to represent him in Congress, and I wish him the best in his future endeavors. 
f 
COLUMBUS NORTH GIRLS 
BASKETBALL TEAM 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the accomplishments of the Columbus North girls basketball team. 
The Columbus North girls’ basketball team 
recently captured the team’s first state cham-pionship. The Bulldogs won the Indiana High 
School Athletic Association Class 4A State Final 62–56 over Homestead High School. 
The team embodied the best of Hoosier 
sportsmanship with their dedication, grit, and execution shown not only in the championship game but throughout the entire season. For the leadership and support of this champion-ship team, congratulations and accolades go to Superintendent Dr. John Quick, Principal David Clark, Athletic Director Jeff Hester, Coach Pat McKee, the assistant coaches, all other support staff, and the 27 young women who worked so hard to achieve their cham-pionship goal. 
I ask the entire 6th Congressional District to 
join me in congratulating the Columbus North Bulldogs for their impressive victory. I look for-ward to seeing what each of these talented young women will achieve in the future. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO JEAN MALUCCIO— 
28TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of Women’s History Month. Each year, we pay special tribute to the contributions and sacrifices made by our nation’s women. It is an honor to pay homage to outstanding women who are making a difference in my Congressional District. I would like to recog-nize a remarkable woman, Jean Maluccio of La Crescenta, California. 
Jean is a savvy businesswoman who helps 
oversee the Maluccio Company, a local invest-ment firm, but is best known for her unparal-leled volunteerism that benefits the entire Crescenta Valley. Jean served as the Execu-tive Director of the Crescenta Valley Chamber of Commerce for more than 18 years, without pay, and continues to have an active role with the chamber as an advisor, and helps ensure the smooth operation of chamber events that include the Taste of the Foothills and Home-town Country Fair. She served as President of the Crescenta Valley Chamber of Commerce in 1994, 1995, 2009 and 2010. Jean was also one of the founders of the Crescenta Valley Fireworks Association, a nonprofit which orga-nizes an annual 4th of July fireworks display, and works countless hours each year arrang-ing for the carnival entertainment, handling site permits, working with security for the event and selling tickets. 
Ms. Maluccio has also been actively in-
volved with Prom Plus, where she was on hand to secure donations of food and serve food to guests at the organization’s 20th anni-versary gala. She also gives of her time with Relay For Life, an annual 24-hour event held at Clark Magnet High School, where hundreds of people walk on the school field to raise funds to fight cancer. Jean not only obtains the donated food to feed the participants, but also stays for most of the 24 hours to ensure that the food is ready when needed. In addi-tion, Jean also volunteers for the Glendale Po-lice Department, working at the Montrose COPPS substation representing the depart-ment in many capacities and answering ques-tions from the public. A strong supporter of our nation’s military, 
Jean was a driving force in raising awareness and helped organize fundraisers for the refur-bishment of the war memorial at Two Strike Park in La Crescenta. 
I ask all Members to join me in honoring an 
exceptional woman of California’s 28th Con-gressional District, Jean Maluccio. 
f 
HONORING YAEL LEVY 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, my district is 
blessed to have an incredible array of natural beauty, and community members that work to highlight and preserve this beauty do a won-derful service for the neighborhood. When it comes to Yael Levy, who founded Riverdale Riverfest, the commitment to highlighting the need for expanded access to our scenic Hud-son waterway has turned a simple passion into a community calling. 
Yael founded Riverdale Riverfest in June, 
2010 in hopes of advancing the timetable for construction of the Hudson River Greenway Link, a waterfront park that would connect the Manhattan Hudson River Greenway to the old Croton Aqueduct Trail in Westchester County. The festival has become an annual tradition for many, bringing people from all over the Northwest Bronx to the campus of the College of Mount Saint Vincent, which sits on the Hud-son’s shores. The festival is a great time for the entire family, and offers everything from stage performances and local vendors to boat rides. By giving the community a taste of how wonderful year round public access to the wa-terfront would be, the festival has gone a long way toward building the public support nec-essary to make the Greenway Link a reality. 
When Yael is not working to expand river 
access, she is serving as Deputy Chief of the Appeals Bureau at the Nassau County District Attorney’s Office, and teaching New York Criminal Practice at St. John’s University School of Law. 
A proud mother of three, Yael has loved 
raising her family in Riverdale, and hopes to someday be able to cycle with them along the Hudson without having to start by leaving the Bronx. 
This year, The Riverdale Jewish Community 
Relations Council is honoring Yael with the Community Builder Award at their annual Leg-islative Breakfast. I want to congratulate Yael 
on this wonderful honor, and thank her for all she has done to enhance and promote our beautiful community. 
f 
H.R. 648, THE TRAUMA SYSTEMS 
AND REGIONALIZATION OF EMERGENCY CARE REAUTHOR-IZATION ACT AND H.R. 647, THE ACCESS TO LIFE-SAVING TRAU-MA CARE FOR ALL AMERICANS ACT 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I am encour-
aged that today the House will consider two 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16MR8.018 E16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E332 March 16, 2015 
important public health bills that deal with trau-
matic injury. These two bills would reauthorize a number of important trauma programs to help equip states to deliver these critical med-ical services. 
Traumatic injury is the leading cause of 
death for children and adults under the age of 45. After an accident, the care received in the first hour presents the highest likelihood that the patient will survive rapid intervention after a traumatic injury. Without that immediate care, their survival rates decrease by 25 per-cent. Trauma systems not only provide rapid intervention at the time of injury but also in-clude supporting equipment and personnel, and a continuum of care, including pre-hos-pital, hospital, and rehabilitation services 
The first bill, H.R. 648, the Trauma Systems 
and Regionalization of Emergency Care Reau-thorization Act, which passed the House last year, allows for planning and implementing trauma care systems in the States. The bill would also establish pilot projects for innova-tive models of regionalized trauma care. 
The second bill, H.R. 647, the Access to 
Life-Saving Trauma Care for All Americans Act, reauthorizes two additional trauma pro-grams that will increase the availability of trau-ma services. Trauma centers should be avail-able for all victims of traumatic injury. Unfortu-nately, many trauma centers are at serious risk of closure and financial insolvency. In fact, nearly thirty trauma centers have closed in the past fifteen years. 
The programs included in this bill will pro-
vide critically needed federal funding to help cover uncompensated costs in trauma centers, support core mission trauma services, provide emergency finding to trauma centers, and ad-dress trauma center physician shortages in order to ensure the future availability of trau-ma care for all our citizens. 
Mr. Speaker, none of these programs have 
received funding during the appropriations process in recent years. I hope that our con-sideration of these measures signals the im-portance of these programs to Members of Congress. I would like to thank Mr. G
REEN and 
Mr. B URGESS , who are both leaders on trauma 
care, for their work on these bills. 
I urge Members to support H.R. 647 and 
H.R. 648. 
f 
HONORING BRET MARCKX 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Bret Marckx. Bret is a very special young man who has exempli-fied the finest qualities of citizenship and lead-ership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 395, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
Bret has been very active with his troop, 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Bret has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Bret has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Bret Marckx for his accomplish-ments with the Boy Scouts of America and for 
his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RICHARD ‘‘BUTCH’’ 
MILLER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Richard ‘‘Butch’’ Miller, of Creston, Iowa for being in-ducted into the Iowa High School Officials Hall of Fame. 
Over his 27 year career as a sports official, 
Butch officiated in hundreds of football games, 10 years of football playoffs and one cham-pionship football contest. In basketball, he offi-ciated sectional, district and substate game for 17 years, and many girls and boys regular season games. Mr. Miller also officiated soft-ball games and numerous junior college con-tests. 
In addition to these many responsibilities, 
Butch Miller spent the early 1980s, working with the Harlem Globe Trotters as an official. He traveled to the Far East, South America, Australia and all 50 states. He worked at Madison Square Garden and all the big venues throughout the country. 
I am honored to represent Butch Miller and 
his family in the United States Congress. I know that all of my colleagues in the House of Representatives join me in congratulating him on this latest honor and wish him the best of luck in the future. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE DILLARD HIGH 
SCHOOL LADY PANTHERS BAS-KETBALL TEAM 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate the Dillard High School ‘‘Lady Panthers’’ Basketball team for winning the Class 5A Florida State Championship on Feb-ruary 21, 2015. With their 51–35 victory over the Jacksonville Paxon School for Advanced Studies the Lady Panthers brought home their 9th state championship for Hall of Fame coach Marcia Pinder. 
Coach Pinder now has the most girls bas-
ketball state titles of any coach in state his-tory, and is the winningest coach in Florida high school basketball—boys or girls—history. I would like to take this opportunity to person-ally congratulate all of the outstanding players and coaches for this amazing achievement: 
#3 Jamesha Paul, #4 Destiny Frazier, #10 
Tiera Wilks, #11 Tyler Wilks, #12 Jacaira Allen, #20 Jade Alexander, #21 Dominique Fields, #25 Jade Wyatt, #30 Ragene Grier, #31 Amber Lee, #32 Courtney Parson, #33 Harmony Adams, #35 Daymia Ware, #40 Katrina Savage, #44 Linsey Francois. 
Head Coach: Marcia Pinder, Asst. Coach: 
George Adams, Asst. Coach: Brandon Adams, Asst. Coach: Tania Miller, Asst. Coach: Enewetok Ramsey, Asst. Coach: Chanell Washington. The Lady Panthers displayed hard work, 
perseverance, and dominance on their road to winning the state championship, losing only one game all season and winning their six previous postseason games by an average of nearly 30 points. This state championship is the Lady Panthers’ fifth in the last six years— a truly remarkable feat that has made South Florida very proud. I commend the players and coaching staff for their dedication to ex-cellence, and I wish them continued success in the future. Go Lady Panthers! 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO LYNN WHITE– 
SHELBY—28TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of Women’s History Month. Each year, we pay special tribute to the contributions and sacrifices made by our nation’s women. It is an honor to pay homage to outstanding women who are making a difference in my Congressional District. I would like to recog-nize a remarkable woman, Lynn White-Shelby of Burbank, California. 
Lynn graduated from Ohio Wesleyan Uni-
versity with a major in physical education and science, and began her teaching career at Franklin High School in the Highland Park area of Los Angeles, California. Ms. White- Shelby’s business career began in the Public Relations Department at the Los Angeles Col-lege of Chiropractic, where she was promptly promoted to Secretary to the President, and later as Assistant to the President and Assist-ant Director of the Postgraduate Department, developing the first Chiropractic Assistants program. Lynn then went on to work at ACCO Engineered Systems in Glendale, California, as Secretary to the President, which soon led to a management position as their Corporate Insurance and Safety Administrator. 
Ms. White-Shelby is a dedicated volunteer. 
Upon retirement, she jumped right into volun-teering at the learning center at the Boys & Girls Club of Burbank and Greater East Val-ley, tutoring at the Main Club, and co-teaching a storytelling/acting class at Burbank’s Roo-sevelt Elementary School. She is also a de-voted and giving member of the La Providencia Guild of Children’s Hospital Los Angeles, serving on numerous committees, working at the Thrift Shop and is currently the First Vice President/President Elect. Lynn also served five terms as President of the Verdugo- Glen Chapter of the American Business Wom-en’s Association (ABWA), where she has been a member for over three decades, and cur-rently serves as the Education Chair, which awards scholarships to women students. In addition, Lynn serves as Vice Chairman on the City of Burbank’s Senior Citizen Board, and as Secretary on the Boys & Girls Club of Burbank and Greater East Valley’s Board of Directors. 
I ask all Members to join me in honoring an 
exceptional woman of California’s 28th Con-gressional District, Lynn White-Shelby. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR8.008 E16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E333 March 16, 2015 
HONORING AMELIA BOYNTON 
ROBINSON 
HON. MARC A. VEASEY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Amelia Boynton Robinson, a woman who made vast contributions to the civil rights movement. 
Amelia Boynton was born on August 18, 
1911 in Savannah, Georgia, and was first ex-posed to the fight for equal rights at the age of 9, when she joined her mother in the wom-en’s suffrage movement. She learned four principles of life that she still carries on today: daily praying, always helping and showing compassion for others, standing up for the morally right, and becoming economically independent. 
After graduating from Tuskegee University, 
she also studied at Tennessee State, Virginia State, and Temple University. She became a registered voter in 1932, and was one of the first people to pass tests used as a barrier to prevent Southern blacks from being able to vote. 
In 1930, Amelia met Dallas County exten-
sion agent Samuel Boynton. The two shared the desire to improve the lives of African- Americans in their community. As a result, the Boynton’s became co-founders of the Dallas County Voters League in 1933. In 1936, Amel-ia and Samuel married and had two sons, Bill, 
Jr. and Bruce Carver. After losing her husband in 1963, Amelia was not deterred from her commitment to improve the lives of African Americans. 
On February 29, 1964, Amelia Boynton ran 
on the Democratic ticket for a seat in Con-gress representing the state of Alabama, be-coming the first African-American woman to run as a Democratic candidate as well as the first woman to run in the state’s history. 
On March 7, 1965, at the age of 53, Amelia 
joined fellow civil rights activist Martin Luther King, Jr. in organizing the marches from Selma to Montgomery, Alabama. On that fate-ful day, 600 peaceful protestors tried to cross the Edmund Pettus Bridge and were met with the violence known as ‘‘Bloody Sunday.’’ For-ever immortalized by photograph, the nation saw Amelia Boynton beaten unconscious and left for dead on this tragic day. 
‘‘Bloody Sunday’’ prompted swift action by 
Congress and resulted in President Lyndon B. Johnson signing the Voting Rights Act on Au-gust 6, 1965. President Johnson invited Amel-ia as a guest of honor during the signing of this important civil rights legislation. 
After the signing of the Voting Rights Act, 
Amelia continued her leadership across the nation as a writer, speaker, and social change ambassador. 
In 1990, Boynton was awarded the Martin 
Luther King, Jr. Medal of Freedom. She con-tinued to tour the United States on behalf of the Schiller Institute, which continues to de-fend the human and moral rights of all. 
And on March 7, 2015, I was proud to have 
walked alongside Amelia Boynton during the 50th Anniversary of the March in Selma, Ala-bama. I ask my colleagues who also traced the very footsteps that Amelia took to pledge to go beyond just remembering those who sacrificed for us and resolve to carry on their legacy with action. HONORING GWEN M
CCLAIN 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Gwen McClain of Steeleville, Missouri, for her outstanding achievement of receiving the Patriot’s Pen Award. The Na-tional Patriot’s Pen Essay Contest is an an-nual competition sponsored by the Veterans of Foreign Wars. While over 200 essays were submitted in the state of Missouri, Gwen’s stood out above the rest. 
The theme of the 2015 National Patriot’s 
Pen Contest was ‘‘Why I appreciate America’s Veterans.’’ Students were encouraged to ex-amine America’s history, along with their own experiences in modern American society. As a recipient of this award, Gwen has shown re-markable creativity and maturity. 
It is my pleasure to congratulate Gwen 
McClain on her great accomplishment before the U.S. House of Representatives. 
f 
HONORING BRANDAN SCOTT 
FITZGERALD 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Brandan Scott Fitzgerald. Brandan is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an ac-tive part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 314, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
Brandan has been very active with his 
troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Brandan has been in-volved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his family, peers, and community. Most no-tably, Brandan has contributed to his commu-nity through his Eagle Scout project. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Brandan Scott Fitzgerald for his accomplishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achiev-ing the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,152,457,339,107.97. We’ve 
added $7,525,580,290,194.89 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. A TRIBUTE TO ANN NEILSON—28TH 
CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of Women’s History Month. Each year, we pay special tribute to the contributions and sacrifices made by our nation’s women. It is an honor to pay homage to outstanding women who are making a difference in my Congressional District. I would like to recog-nize a remarkable woman, Ann Neilson of La Can˜ada Flintridge, California. 
Born in Los Angeles and raised in Manhat-
tan Beach, Ms. Neilson and her husband, Bob, have lived in La Can ˜ada Flintridge for 
over fifty years. Well-regarded as a straight-forward, tireless community leader, Ann is in-volved in numerous charitable organizations in La Can ˜ada Flintridge. She has been a Docent 
at the Lanterman House for over two decades, and is a past and present Board member. She is active in the Assistance League of Flintridge (ALF), a nonprofit service organization of vol-unteers committed to serving the needs of the community through philanthropic programs de-veloped and administered by its members. Ms. Neilson was Chair of the College Application Essay Committee, Chair of the Retired Service Volunteer Committee, a volunteer at the Bar-gain Box Thrift Shop, and a member of the Budget Committee. Ann’s current project with ALF is Chair of their impressive Summer School program for La Can ˜ada Flintridge chil-
dren grades one through eight, a project that the league subsidizes. 
Another organization that is near and dear 
to her heart, Ann has been active in the Girl Scouts of America for nearly forty-six years. She served as a Leader, was President of the Mt. Wilson/Vista Girl Scout Council for six years, Director and Co-Director of two Girl Scout Day Camps in La Can ˜ada Flintridge, 
and Co-Organizer of the 100th Anniversary Girl Scout Float for the 2012 Pasadena Tour-nament of Roses Parade. Ms. Neilson is also very involved in the La Can ˜ada Flintridge 
Tournament of Roses Association, established in 1979, where she is a Founding Member. The association has produced volunteer-made floats for the Pasadena Tournament of Roses Parades for nearly four decades, winning awards in the majority of the parades. She served as President for three years and now serves as Past President. 
Married for nearly sixty years, Ann and Bob 
have four children, Beth, Karen, Nancy and Jim, and one grandchild, Emily. 
I ask all Members to join me in honoring an 
exceptional woman of California’s 28th Con-gressional District, Ann Neilson. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DORIS DIDDY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Doris Diddy for her many years of service at the bank in Menlo, Iowa. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16MR8.011 E16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E334 March 16, 2015 
For the past 55 years, Ms. Diddy has 
served the people of Menlo as an outstanding and dedicated employee, offering reliable and friendly service. Her first day of employment was January 15, 1960, and since that time she has seen four company changes, but she has stayed at her post at the bank, serving her fellow community members. Great service goes a long way, and I am honored to see fel-low Iowans like Doris providing service second to none. 
I know that my colleagues in the United 
States Congress join me in commending Doris Diddy for her service to Menlo and Rolling Hills Band and Trust as she faithfully defended their vault for 55 years. I consider it an honor to represent her in Congress, and I wish her the best in her future endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING STATE OF PENNSYL-
VANIA VFW DEPARTMENT PRESIDENT BRENDA JOHNSON 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, the Ladies 
Auxiliary to the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States was established to serve our nation’s veterans and their families. This orga-nization honors military service and ensures that the history of America’s veterans is pre-served for future generations. With the help of its 500,000 members, the organization serves those who have been called to the highest honor by maintaining veterans’ memorials, sharing veterans’ history with the community, volunteering at veterans’ hospitals, and pro-viding scholarships to students recognizing pa-triotism through art and volunteerism. One very special member, who I would like to rec-ognize today, President Brenda Johnson, ral-lies the theme ‘‘LOVE FOR OUR VETERANS’’ in my home state of Pennsylvania. President Johnson, a resident of Falls Township, is a Life Auxiliary member of the VFW#6495 lo-cated on Haines Road in Levittown, Bucks County, PA, one of seven auxiliaries in my home district. I would like to thank President Johnson and the Ladies Auxiliary for their con-tinued support and dedication and wish them continued success as they serve our veterans and their families. 
f 
IN HONOR OF LOUIS F. CAPPELLI, 
SR. 
HON. DONALD NORCROSS 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the memory of Louis F. Cappelli, Sr. for his achievements, contributions and serv-ice to the people of New Jersey as an educa-tor, advocate and leader. Mr. Cappelli passed away at the age of eighty this year and will truly be missed. 
Mr. Cappelli graduated with a bachelor’s de-
gree from Trenton State College and a Mas-ter’s degree from Temple University both in education. Particularly valuing his work with young athletes, Mr. Cappelli was a physical education teacher as well as a football and 
track coach. Over his many years in education Mr. Cappelli served as a vice-principal at Tri-ton High School for ten years and as its prin-cipal for another twenty-four years. 
Mr. Cappelli also served the people of New 
Jersey in a number of civic posts. He honored his heritage through his leadership with Order of the Sons of Italy, serving as the president for his local Lodge 494 and the Grand Lodge of the State of New Jersey. Serving on the board of directors for the Cerebral Palsy School & Treatment Center of Camden Coun-ty, Mr. Cappelli never shied away from being a part of a good movement. 
He was an effective and beloved member of 
the Collingswood Board of Education, and was known as advocate for the needs of the stu-dents, even when those positions were un-popular. He was also a valued member of the Camden County College board of trustees. I knew Mr. Cappelli as a vital member of the community, who couldn’t have been more proud of his family. 
Mr. Speaker, Louis Cappelli, Sr. was a great 
man who exemplified the true meaning of community leader and family-man. I join with my community and all of New Jersey in hon-oring the achievements of this truly excep-tional man. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO RENAE PLANT— 
28TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of Women’s History Month. Each year, we pay special tribute to the contributions and sacrifices made by our nation’s women. It is an honor to pay homage to outstanding women who are making a difference in my Congressional District. I would like to recog-nize a remarkable woman, Renae Plant of Los Feliz, a unique neighborhood in Los Angeles, California. 
Born in Eumundi, Queensland, Australia, 
Renae moved to the United States in 1994 with dreams of becoming an actor. After living in New York for six years, where she was a model and actor, she moved to Los Angeles in 2000, and established a management com-pany, Nebula Management. Shortly after, she began a second business, a maternity tee shirt line. In 2007, Renae and her husband, Livinio, rescued the local preschool their daughter attended, Camelot Kids, located in the Silver Lake area of Los Angeles, which had been on the verge of permanent closure. After three months of meetings, the preschool was able to re-open its doors. Now eight years later, with Ms. Plant as the Director, the pre-school is known for its warm, nurturing envi-ronment that encourages a natural love of learning, and is an award-winning school with a long waiting list. 
An accomplished organizer, Renae has re-
cently given her time and talent to the Thomas Starr King Middle School, where her daughter, Ilan attends the Environmental Magnet pro-gram. In 2014, she joined the Executive Board as Treasurer of Friends of King, a parent sup-port and fundraising group for the school, and that same year, was instrumental in raising 
substantial funds that will be used to paint the entire school. She launched the ‘‘I Keep King Clean’’ project with a group of parents who clean the school and carry out other beautifi-cation tasks, and was ultimately successful in obtaining a professional cleaning service for the school. In addition, Ms. Plant has been a key force with upcoming efforts to decorate the perimeter fences at the school, the ‘‘Chain Link Art Gallery’’ project, and the upcoming renovation of the library and the gym. 
Married for eleven years, Renae and her 
husband, Livinio, have three children, Ilan, Mateo and Deklan. 
I ask all Members to join me in honoring an 
exceptional woman of California’s 28th Con-gressional District, Renae Plant. 
f 
HONORING POTS 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, as the Congres-
sional Representative for New York’s 16th Dis-trict, I am always amazed by some of the work our great civic organizations do to better the community. Part of the Solution, better known as POTS, is one of those fantastic organiza-tions that has done so much for so very many throughout the Bronx. 
POTS is a 501(c)(3) organization that 
serves as a ‘‘one-stop shop’’ for individuals liv-ing in poverty. The goal of the organization is to help those in need on their journeys from crisis to stability and, ultimately, self-suffi-ciency. By nourishing the basic needs and hunger of those who come through their doors, the organization seeks to create a posi-tive, loving, and caring community in the Bronx. POTS offers a wide variety of services that were designed to work in concert to ad-dress diverse and complex issues. From cloth-ing and food pantry programs to comprehen-sive legal services, POTS does it all. Even in instances where POTS does not provide di-rectly needed service, their staff will link in-coming clients with other groups or organiza-tions that can help them. Simply put, anyone who comes to POTS for help gets it. 
Since the very first meal in 1982, POTS has 
served hundreds of thousands of New York-ers, and this year will help more than 20,000 individuals, including 6,000 children. They have been an absolute godsend to the Bronx 
and continue to do more and more every year to help those in trying times. 
The Riverdale Jewish Community Relations 
Council is honoring POTS with the Community Organization Award at their annual Legislative Breakfast. They have chosen a wonderful or-ganization to honor. My sincere congratula-tions go out to the entire Board and staff of POTS on receiving this well deserved recogni-tion and award. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JACLYN EASTER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
honor Jaclyn Easter, a middle school science 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16MR8.014 E16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E335 March 16, 2015 
teacher at Bergman Academy School in Des 
Moines. Jaclyn received the Maitland P. Sim-mons Memorial Award for New Science Teachers. 
This award, from the National Science 
Teaching Association, is given to only 25 out-standing teachers from around the country and provides mentorship, tracking and con-tinuing opportunities for meaningful involve-ment with NSTA, and Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics (STEM) profes-sional development. 
I applaud and congratulate Jaclyn for her 
award and for providing the youth in Iowa’s 3rd Congressional District the education that they will need to be successful in the future. I am proud to represent her, her fellow teach-ers and students in the United States Con-gress. I know that my colleagues join me in congratulating Jaclyn Easter and wishing her well and continued success in the future. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ROBERT WILLIAMS’ 
SERVICE TO CARTHAGE WATER & ELECTRIC PLANT 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize and congratulate Robert Williams on his upcoming retirement this April as general manager of Carthage Water & Electric Plant and thank him for his service to the commu-nity. 
Robert joined Carthage Water & Electric 
Plant in January 1998 and has been the gen-eral manager since 1999. The utility provides and distributes energy and water to residents, businesses and industrial facilities; also the company now provides fiber and wireless Internet services. 
Robert’s invaluable skills and expertise in 
the field of energy were acquired over years of experience. When he joined the U.S. Army in 1972, he was trained as a power generation technician. He was assigned to a special nu-
clear power program where he ran nuclear power generators in an air defense unit. After his time in the Army, Robert worked with Springfield’s City Utilities, as well as utilities in Higginsville, Missouri, and Miami, Oklahoma. He graduated from Missouri State University. 
During his career Robert chaired numerous 
utility-related organizations on a regional, state and national level. He served on the executive committee of American Public Power Associa-tion, Southwestern Power Resources Associa-tion, Missouri Public Utility Association, Tri- State Water Coalition and Southwest Missouri Joint Municipal Water Utility Commission. 
I again am honored to recognize Robert Wil-
liams and congratulate him on his retirement after 40 years of dedicated work in the utility industry. A TRIBUTE TO SUSAN B. STEW-
ART—28TH CONGRESSIONAL DIS-TRICT WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of Women’s History Month. Each year, we pay special tribute to the contributions and sacrifices made by our nation’s women. It is an honor to pay homage to outstanding women who are making a difference in my Congressional District. I would like to recog-nize a remarkable woman, Susan B. Stewart of Sunland, California. 
Born and raised in Vermont, Susan Bishop 
moved to the Sunland-Tujunga area in the late 1990’s, and in 2010, she married Richard Stewart. Well-regarded in her community, Susan is involved in numerous organizations where she puts her superior organizing skills to good use. Ms. Stewart is on the Sunland- Tujunga Chamber of Commerce Board of Di-rectors and the chamber’s Spring Carnival Committee, and has served on the Nomination Committee, By-Laws Committee and Mar-keting and Membership Committee. Susan is a Founding Board member and current Board member of the Sunland-Tujunga-Shadow Hills Community Fund whose mission is to support student programs at Verdugo Hills High School and the local newspaper, Voice of the Village, and is on the fund’s Fireworks Festival Committee. In addition, she is an active mem-ber of the Sunland-Tujunga Rotary Club, has served as President and Secretary, and con-tinues to help with many of their annual events, including Winterfest and the Fourth of July Parade. Past President and Past Sec-retary of Renaissance Speakers Toastmasters Club, Past Secretary of District 52 of Toast-masters International, she is currently an Am-bassador for the organization. 
With a long career as a management con-
sultant, specializing in the areas of ethics, ex-pansion and establishment, Susan assists with the management of her husband’s painting contracting business in Sunland. Ms. Stewart is an avid horsewoman, and has taught horse-back riding for many years, and one of her greatest joys is riding on the trails in the beau-tiful Sunland-Tujunga foothills. 
Between Susan and Richard, they have four 
children: Moriah, Thoreau, Jake and Justin, and two grandchildren: River Jane and Elliot. 
I ask all Members to join me in honoring an 
exceptional woman of California’s 28th Con-gressional District, Susan B. Stewart. 
f 
PALM BEACH LAKES HIGH SCHOOL 
STATE CHAMPIONSHIP WIN 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the girls basketball team of Palm Beach Lakes High School located in West Palm Beach, Florida. 
On Saturday, February 21, 2015, the Lady 
Rams soundly defeated last year’s state champions, Apopka-Wekiva, 58–40 for the team’s first state championship win. Their 28– 
2 record and convincing win in the title game are two things for which the Palm Beach County community should be very proud of. 
I want to congratulate Coach Cassandra 
Rahming, herself a former star at Palm Beach Lakes, and the entire team for a job very well done. I especially want to praise star guard Kayla Thigpen, who scored nine points in the second quarter, and power forward Jackie Johnson, who recorded six points, nine re-bounds, three blocks and four steals in the first half. 
Mr. Speaker, the Palm Beach Lakes High 
School Lady Rams are fine examples of young women who have excelled at athletics and academics. By working hard and focusing on the tasks at hand, they have reached the pinnacle of their sport. I wish the entire team much success and look forward to Palm Beach Lakes High School winning more championships for years to come. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE VARSITY FOOT-
BALL TEAM OF CHERRY CREEK HIGH SCHOOL 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the varsity football team of Cherry Creek High School in Greenwood Village, Col-orado on winning the 2014 Colorado 5A Foot-ball State Championship game on November 29, 2014. 
A crowd of more than 13,000 watched the 
Bruins in their stunning 25–24 win over Valor Christian High School. Late in the fourth quar-ter Cherry Creek scored a touchdown to bring the game to 23–24. Rather than kicking a field goal, the Bruins made a bold move opting for a two point conversion to win the game. 
In this extremely close game, the young 
men of Cherry Creek High School’s football team proved that hard work, dedication, and a little courage is a recipe for greatness. These football players were led to the championship title through the tireless leadership of their head football coach, Dave Logan, and his commendable staff. 
Additionally, I recognize senior running back 
and star player, Milo Hall, for his superior per-formance in the game rushing 214 yards and scoring two touchdowns. 
It is with great pride that I join with the citi-
zens of Greenwood Village, as well as the en-tire Sixth Congressional District of Colorado, in congratulating the Cherry Creek Bruins on their ninth State Championship. This out-standing accomplishment is now preserved in the United States C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
which will endure forever. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO NADIA SUTTON— 
28TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of Women’s History Month. Each year, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16MR8.018 E16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E336 March 16, 2015 
we pay special tribute to the contributions and 
sacrifices made by our nation’s women. It is an honor to pay homage to outstanding women who are making a difference in my Congressional District. I would like to recog-nize a remarkable woman, Nadia Sutton of West Hollywood, California. 
Born in Brussels, Belgium, Nadia has led an 
interesting life both as an actress and an ac-tivist. She has traveled extensively and lived all over the world, including residing in Israel, France, Spain, England and the United States, where she moved in 1979. As an actress, Ms. Sutton has worked in theater, radio, television and film. Passionate about civil rights, she began her activism career by supporting the Algerian independence cause while in France, and in England by helping create an alter-native radio station and working against the censure of a Lesbian, Gay, Bi-sexual, Transgender (LGBT) magazine. 
Ms. Sutton has been involved in numerous 
organizations in the Los Angeles area with a primary focus on LGBT, women’s rights, and animal issues. For many years, she has orga-nized protests, lobbied legislatively and fought against LGBT discrimination, and for marriage equality. Nadia served on the West Hollywood Lesbian and Gay Advisory Board for twelve years, and is a Founding Board member of The Lavender Effect, a virtual museum dedi-cated to educating the public about the histor-ical contributions of LGBT people, especially those from the Southern California area. She sits on the West Hollywood Women’s Advisory Board, on the Board of Directors of the West Hollywood Chamber of Commerce, and is ac-tive with C.I.T.Y. x1 (Community Intervention Through Youth), an organization dedicated to organizing free social events for LGBT youth. A devoted animal lover, she co-founded PAWS LA (Pets Are Wonderful Support), an organization dedicated to helping people living with AIDS keep their beloved animal compan-ions, where she is currently serving as a Board member, and is a volunteer with Catnippers, an association that helps spay and neuter feral cats and kittens. Nadia re-sides in West Hollywood with her cat, Bar-naby. 
I ask all Members to join me in honoring an 
exceptional woman of California’s 28th Con-gressional District, Nadia Sutton. 
f 
HONORING ANDREW NEIL DANNER 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Andrew Neil Dan-ner. Andrew is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizen-ship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 314, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
Andrew has been very active with his troop, 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Andrew has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, An-drew has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Andrew Neil Danner for his ac-complishments with the Boy Scouts of Amer-ica and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. KEVIN V. DE 
REGNIER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Dr. Kevin de Regnier for being inducted as the 62nd President of the American College of Osteopathic Family Phy-sicians (ACOFP). He is an Iowa native and I’m proud to recognize him today for his great achievement. 
Dr. de Regnier earned a B.A. in chemistry 
with a biology minor from the University of Northern Iowa before going on to receive his osteopathy degree from the University of Os-teopathic Medicine and Health Sciences (Now Des Moines University). He completed his residency in family practice at Des Moines General Hospital shortly after. He also re-ceived his certification from the National Board of Examiners for Osteopathic Physicians and Surgeons. 
Dr. de Regnier has served on the ACOFP 
Board of Governors since 2006, and has been an active leader in the Osteopathic medicine community for years. He has also been ap-pointed by the Governor to serve on the Iowa Health Systems and Plans Committee of Iowa Health Regulation Task Force and continues to serve as an adjunct professor of family medicine at Des Moines University. 
Dr. de Regnier is an Iowan who has made 
our state proud. He has dedicated his life to helping and serving others and it is with great honor that I recognize him today. I know that my colleagues in the House join me in hon-oring his accomplishments. I thank him for his service and wish him and his family all the best moving forward. 
f 
HONORING BRAD SILVER 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, there are few 
things more noble than a life dedicated to pub-lic service. The work my good friend Brad Sil-ver has done as part of the Bronx Jewish Community Council (BJCC), an organization that represents the combined community rela-tions and anti-poverty efforts of all the local Jewish community councils in the Bronx, has left an indelible mark on the lives of countless individuals in the area. 
Brad began his professional career in 1971 
as an Outreach Worker for Teens at the Bronx House, a local Jewish community center. While serving as Teen Program Director and finally Co-op City Program Director at Bronx House, he somehow found time to pursue and receive his Masters Degree in Social Work at Yeshiva University. In 1978 Brad began work-ing at the Hawthorne Cedar Knolls School, a residential treatment center for adolescents of 
the Jewish Board of Family and Children’s Services. 
Following six successful years at Cedar 
Knolls, Brad moved onto the BJCC, where he began serving as the Director of Social Serv-ices in 1984. As his role and responsibilities grew, Brad began moving up the BJCC lad-der, becoming the Executive Vice President of the Council in 1999. In his time with the BJCC, the organization has achieved a re-markable reputation as a pillar of community betterment. With a budget now exceeding $17 million annually, the BJCC serves over 10,000 people annually with everything from home at-tendant services to neighborhood resource centers. Their success is a tremendous testa-ment to Brad’s work. 
In addition to his professional accomplish-
ments, Brad is also an accomplished family man. He continues to reside in the community he was raised in, the Amalgamated Houses in the Bronx, with his wife, and lives just a block away from his mother. 
This year the Riverdale Jewish Community 
Relations Council is honoring Brad with the Community Service Award at their Legislative Breakfast. In working with him personally, I know no one is more deserving of this honor. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO KELLYE 
NAKAHARA WALLETT—28TH CON-GRESSIONAL DISTRICT WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of Women’s History Month. Each year, we pay special tribute to the contributions and sacrifices made by our nation’s women. It is an honor to pay homage to outstanding women who are making a difference in my Congressional District. I would like to recog-nize a remarkable woman, Kellye Nakahara Wallett of Pasadena, California. 
Born and raised in Oahu, Hawaii, Ms. 
Nakahara moved to San Francisco in the 1960’s to establish herself as a professional artist, selling her watercolors of the San Fran-cisco waterfront. In 1968, she married David Wallett and they moved to Los Angeles, where she began her career as an actress. Halfway through the first season of the popular tele-vision series ‘‘M*A*S*H’’, she landed the role of ‘‘Nurse Kellye.’’ A renowned and award-win-ning artist who generously donates her art-work to many charitable organizations, Kellye’s artwork has been displayed in Pasa-dena City Hall, the California State Capitol, and in the White House, where at Congress-man S
CHIFF ’s invitation, she painted a Christ-
mas ornament for the official White House Christmas Tree in 2008. 
Well-regarded as an enthusiastic and ener-
getic community leader, Ms. Nakahara 
Wallett’s past volunteer service includes eight years on Pasadena’s Arts and Culture Com-mission, serving as an Ambassador for the Southern California Cherry Blossom Festival, and an Honorary Committee member and vol-unteer for the Latino Heritage Parade in Pasa-dena. She was also active in the American Di-abetes Foundation, Neighborhood USA Con-ference, and the American Red Cross. Cur-rently, she is a twenty-three year volunteer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16MR8.015 E16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E337 March 16, 2015 
with The Sunshine Kids, a non-profit organiza-
tion dedicated to children with cancer, and a frequent guest speaker for various Japanese reparation organizations. Kellye is the Artistic Director and Artist-in-Residence for the Towne Singers, sings with the California Phil-harmonic, and has been a long-time volunteer judge for Representative S
CHIFF ’s 28th Con-
gressional District Art Competition Forum & Exhibit. 
Long-time Pasadena residents, Kellye and 
her husband David, have two children, daugh-ter Nalani, son William, and four grand-children, David, William, Max and Grayson. 
I ask all Members to join me in honoring an 
exceptional woman of California’s 28th Con-gressional District, Kellye Nakahara Wallett. 
f 
RARE DISEASE MONTH, HONORING 
DR. ABRAHAM ABUCHOWSKI 
HON. LEONARD LANCE 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 16, 2015 
Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Dr. Abraham Abuchowski, a con-stituent from Warren, NJ, for his contributions to the rare disease community, his important role in bringing innovative orphan therapies to market and his support of the biotechnology industry in New Jersey. 
Last month Dr. Abuchowski was presented 
with the Dr. Sol J. Barer Award for Vision, In-novation and Leadership. This award recog-nizes outstanding research and business lead-ers who have made and who continue to make significant contributions to the growth and prosperity of the biosciences industry in New Jersey and throughout the world. 
After receiving his doctorate from Rutgers 
University, Dr. Abuchowski went on to develop PEGylation, the most widely used protein drug delivery system in the world. He founded Enzon to commercialize the technology and it later became the first biotechnology company in New Jersey to obtain Food and Drug Ad-ministration approval of a product. 
Three decades later, New Jersey has be-
come a leader in the biotechnology industry and our companies have secured more than thirty drug and medical device approvals in 2014 alone. Dr. Abuchowski is continuing his work to improve health outcomes for individ-uals affected by rare diseases and the com-pany he currently leads, Prolong Pharma-ceuticals, recently received an orphan drug designation from the Food and Drug Adminis-tration for a therapy he has been working on to treat sickle cell disease. 
I am proud of the contributions that Dr. 
Abuchowski has made to advance medical re-search and to develop innovative treatments for rare diseases in New Jersey and around the world. I ask my colleagues to continue to support rare disease research and treatment development to ensure affected individuals have access to innovative therapies and im-proved health outcomes. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-
mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose 
of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, 
March 17, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
MARCH 18 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower 
To hold hearings to examine Navy ship-
building programs in review of the De-fense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program. 
SR–222 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
To hold hearings to examine S. 697, to 
amend the Toxic Substances Control Act to reauthorize and modernize that Act. 
SD–406 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of the Inte-
rior, Environment, and Related Agen-cies 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Forest Service. 
SD–124 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing 
and Urban Development, and Related Agencies 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Transportation. 
SD–562 
Committee on the Judiciary 
To hold hearings to examine the impact 
of patent litigation practices on the American economy. 
SD–226 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold a joint hearing with the House 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation from multiple veterans service organi-zations. 
SD–G50 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Missile Defense Agency. 
SD–192 
2 p.m. 
Commission on Security and Cooperation 
in Europe 
To hold hearings to examine Northern 
Ireland, focusing on Stormont, collu-sion, and the Finucane inquiry, includ-ing other issues of accountability for 
past government collusion in para-military crimes. 
RHOB–2175 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine the postures 
of the Department of the Army and the Department of the Air Force in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program. 
SD–106 
Committee on the Budget 
Business meeting to markup the concur-
rent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016. 
SD–608 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Federal Communications Commis-sion. 
SR–253 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
Business meeting to consider S. 35, to ex-
tend the Federal recognition to the Little Shell Tribe of Chippewa Indians of Montana, S. 438, to provide for the repair, replacement, and maintenance of certain Indian irrigation projects, S. 465, to extend Federal recognition to the Chickahominy Indian Tribe, the Chickahominy Indian Tribe-Eastern Division, the Upper Mattaponi Tribe, the Rappahannock Tribe, Inc., the Monacan Indian Nation, and the Nansemond Indian Tribe, and the nom-ination of Jonodev Osceola Chaudhuri, of Arizona, to be Chairman of the Na-tional Indian Gaming Commission; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine an original bill, entitled ‘‘the Reauthorization of the Native American Housing Assistance and Self Determination Act of 2015’’. 
SD–628 
Joint Economic Committee 
To hold hearings to examine the Eco-
nomic Report of the President 2015. 
SD–562 
MARCH 19 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine U.S. Stra-
tegic Command, U.S. Transportation Command, and U.S. Cyber Command in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. 
SD–G50 
Committee on Finance 
To hold hearings to examine the Afford-
able Care Act at five years. 
SD–215 
Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health 
Policy 
To hold hearings to examine the United 
States-Africa leaders summit seven months later, focusing on progress and setbacks. 
SD–419 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the regu-
latory regime for regional banks. 
SD–538 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, 
Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security 
To hold hearings to examine the evolving 
cyber insurance marketplace. 
SR–253 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MR8.016 E16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E338 March 16, 2015 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine U.S. crude 
oil export policy. 
SD–366 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and 
Federal Management 
To hold hearings to examine Federal 
rulemaking challenges and areas of im-provement within the existing regu-latory process. 
SD–342 
Committee on Small Business and Entre-
preneurship 
To hold hearings to examine patent re-
form, focusing on protecting innova-tion and entrepreneurship. 
SR–428A 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construction 
and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal years 2016 and 2017 for the Vet-erans Benefits Administration. 
SD–124 
2 p.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Home-
land Security 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the United States Secret Service. 
SD–138 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Airland 
To hold hearings to examine Air Force 
force structure and modernization in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. 
SR–222 Select Committee on Intelligence 
To hold closed hearings to examine cer-
tain intelligence matters. 
SH–219 
3:30 p.m. 
Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Oversight, Agency Ac-
tion, Federal Rights and Federal Courts 
To hold hearings to examine reining in 
amnesty, focusing on Texas v. United 
States and its implications. 
SD–226 
MARCH 24 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and 
Forestry 
To hold hearings to examine waters of 
the United States, focusing on stake-holder perspectives on the impacts of the Environmental Protection Agen-cy’s proposed rule. 
SD–106 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine manage-
ment reforms to improve forest health and socioeconomic opportunities on 
the nation’s forest system. 
SD–366 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold hearings to examine continuing 
America’s leadership, focusing on ad-vancing research and development for patients. 
SD–430 
MARCH 25 
9 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Defense Health 
Program. 
SD–192 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower 
To hold hearings to examine Navy and 
Marine Corps aviation programs in re-view of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2016 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. 
SR–222 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-
ment Support 
To hold hearings to examine the current 
state of readiness of U.S. forces in re-view of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2016 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. 
SR–232A 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces 
To hold hearings to examine ballistic 
missile defense programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program. 
SR–222 
MARCH 26 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the Admin-
istration’s Quadrennial Energy Review. 
SD–366 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Airland 
To hold hearings to examine Army mod-
ernization in review of the Defense Au-thorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Pro-gram. 
SR–222 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M16MR8.000 E16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D276 Monday, March 16, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1511–S1557 
Measures Introduced: Ten bills were introduced, as 
follows: S. 739–748.                                                 Page S1528 
Measures Considered: 
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act—Agree-
ment: Senate resumed consideration of S. 178, to 
provide justice for the victims of trafficking, taking action on the following amendments and motions proposed thereto:
                                               Pages S1517–22 
Pending: 
Portman Amendment No. 270, to amend the 
Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to en-able State child protective services systems to im-prove the identification and assessment of child vic-tims of sex trafficking.
                                            Page S1517 
Portman Amendment No. 271, to amend the def-
inition of ‘‘homeless person’’ under the McKinney- Vento Homeless Assistance Act to include certain homeless children and youth.
                              Page S1517 
Vitter Amendment No. 284 (to Amendment No. 
271), to amend section 301 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to clarify those classes of individuals born in the United States who are nationals and citi-zens of the United States at birth.
                    Page S1517 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, March 17, 2015, with the time until the vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on the committee-reported substitute amendment to the bill at 11 a.m. equally divided between the two Leaders, or their designees. 
                                                                                    Pages S1551–52 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that the filing deadline for second-degree amendments to the bill be at 10:30 a.m., on Tues-day, March 17, 2015.
                                      Pages S1551–52 
Appointments: 
Congressional-Executive Commission on the Peo-
ple’s Republic of China: The Chair, on behalf of the 
President of the Senate, pursuant to Public Law 106–286, hereby notifies the Senate of an amend-ment to the Majority membership appointment made in the Senate on February 25, 2015, to serve 
on the Congressional-Executive Commission on the People’s Republic of China: Senator Rubio, Co- Chair.
                                                                               Page S1551 
Canada-U.S. Interparliamentary Group Con-
ference: The Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, 
pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 276d–276g, as amended, ap-pointed the following Senator as Vice Chairman of the Senate Delegation to the Canada-U.S. Inter-parliamentary Group Conference during the 114th Congress: Senator Klobuchar.
                              Page S1551 
British-American Interparliamentary Group 
Conference: The Chair, on behalf of the President 
pro tempore, and upon the recommendation of the Democratic Leader, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2761, ap-pointed the following Senator as Vice Chairman of the Senate Delegation to the British-American Inter-parliamentary Group Conference during the 114th Congress: Senator Leahy.
                                        Page S1551 
U.S.-China Interparliamentary Group Con-
ference: The Chair, on behalf of the President pro 
tempore, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 276n, as amended, appointed the following Senator as Vice Chairman of the U.S.-China Interparliamentary Group Conference during the 114th Congress: Senator Hirono. 
                                                                                            Page S1551 
Mexico-U.S. Interparliamentary Group Con-
ference: The Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, 
and upon the recommendation of the Democratic Leader, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 276h–276k, as amended, appointed the following Senator as Vice Chairman of the Senate Delegation to the Mexico- U.S. Interparliamentary Group Conference during the 114th Congress: Senator Kaine.
                 Page S1551 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nominations: 
By a unanimous vote of 94 yeas (Vote No. EX. 
71), Carlos A. Monje, Jr., of Louisiana, to be an As-
sistant Secretary of Transportation.    Pages S1523, S1557 
Manson K. Brown, of the District of Columbia, to 
be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce. 
                                                                      Pages S1522–23, S1557 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16MR5.REC D16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D277 March 16, 2015 
Patricia M. Loui-Schmicker, of Hawaii, to be a 
Member of the Board of Directors of the Export-Im-port Bank of the United States for a term expiring January 20, 2019. 
Ian C. Kelly, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to 
Georgia. 
2 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 2 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. 
                                                                                            Page S1557 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S1527–28 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S1528–30 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S1530–32 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S1526–27 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S1532–51 
Notices of Hearings/Meetings:                        Page S1551 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S1551 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S1551 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—71)                                                                    Page S1523 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m., and ad-
journed at 6:55 p.m., until 10 a.m., on Tuesday, March 17, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-
marks of the Majority Leader in today’s record on page S1552.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
DEATH MASTER FILE 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine 
Federal improper payments and errors in the Death Master File, after receiving testimony from Sean Brune, Senior Advisor to the Deputy Commissioner, Office of Budget, Finance, Quality and Management, and Patrick P. O’Carroll, Jr., Inspector General, both of the Social Security Administration; David Mader, Controller, Office of Management and Budget; Beryl H. Davis, Director, Financial Management and As-surance, and Daniel Bertoni, Director, Education, Workforce, and Income Security Issues, both of the Government Accountability Office; and Judy C. Riv-ers, Logan, Alabama. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 20 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 1365–1384; and 2 resolutions, H. Res. 150–151 were introduced.
                 Pages H1660–62 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H1662–63 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 639, to amend the Controlled Substances 
Act with respect to drug scheduling recommenda-tions by the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices, and with respect to registration of manufactur-ers and distributors seeking to conduct clinical test-ing, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–41, Part 1); 
H.R. 647, to amend title XII of the Public 
Health Service Act to reauthorize certain trauma care programs, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–42); 
H.R. 648, to amend title XII of the Public 
Health Service Act to reauthorize certain trauma care programs, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–43); and 
H. Res. 132, providing for the expenses of certain 
committees of the House of Representatives in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress (H. Rept. 114–44).
                                                                         Page H1660 Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Emmer (MN) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H1637 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:06 p.m. and re-
convened at 2 p.m.                                                    Page H1638 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:05 p.m. and recon-
vened at 3:30 p.m.                                                    Page H1638 
Committee Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-
resentative Hurd wherein he resigned from the Com-mittee on Small Business.
                                     Page H1643 
Recess: The House recessed at 3:55 p.m. and recon-
vened at 4:30 p.m.                                                    Page H1643 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
Improving Regulatory Transparency for New 
Medical Therapies Act: H.R. 639, amended, to 
amend the Controlled Substances Act with respect to drug scheduling recommendations by the Secretary 
of Health and Human Services, and with respect to registration of manufacturers and distributors seek-ing to conduct clinical testing;
                  Pages H1638–41 
Access to Life-Saving Trauma Care for All 
Americans Act: H.R. 647, to amend title XII of the 
Public Health Service Act to reauthorize certain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 5627 E:\CR\FM\D16MR5.REC D16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D278 March 16, 2015 
trauma care programs, by a 2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 
389 yeas to 10 nays, Roll No. 113; 
                                                                Pages H1641–42, H1649–50 
Trauma Systems and Regionalization of Emer-
gency Care Reauthorization Act: H.R. 648, to 
amend title XII of the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize certain trauma care programs, by a 
2⁄3 
yea-and-nay vote of 382 yeas to 15 nays, Roll No. 114;
                                                             Pages H1642–43, H1650 
Notice of Observation Treatment and Implica-
tion for Care Eligibility Act: H.R. 876, amended, 
to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require hospitals to provide certain notifications to individuals classified by such hospitals under obser-vation status rather than admitted as inpatients of such hospitals, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 395 yeas 
with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 115; and 
                                                                Pages H1644–46, H1650–51 
Medicare DMEPOS Competitive Bidding Im-
provement Act of 2015: H.R. 284, amended, to 
amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to re-quire State licensure and bid surety bonds for enti-ties submitting bids under the Medicare durable medical equipment, prosthetics, orthotics, and sup-plies (DMEPOS) competitive acquisition program. 
                                                                                    Pages H1646–47 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:02 p.m. and recon-
vened at 6:30 p.m. 
Suspension—Proceedings Postponed: The House 
debated the following measure under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. 
Protecting Volunteer Firefighters and Emer-
gency Responders Act: H.R. 1191, amended, to 
amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.
                                                Page H1647 
Authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center: The House agreed to take 
from the Speaker’s table and agree to S. Con. Res. 7, authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to award the Congressional Gold Medal to the World War II members of the Doolittle Tokyo Raiders. 
                                                                                    Pages H1651–52 
National Advisory Committee on Institutional Quality and Integrity—Appointment: The Chair 
announced the Speaker’s appointment of the fol-lowing individuals on the part of the House to the National Advisory Committee on Institutional Qual-
ity and Integrity for a term of six years: Upon the recommendation of the Minority Leader: Dr. George T. French of Fairfield, AL; Dr. Kathleen Sullivan Alioto of New York, NY; and Mr. Ralph A. Wolff of Oakland, CA.
                                                         Page H1660 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H1638. Senate Referral: S. Con. Res. 7 was held at the 
desk.
                                                                                 Page H1638 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H1649–50, H1650 and H1650–51. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-
journed at 8:28 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
APPROPRIATIONS—OFFICE OF 
MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Finan-
cial Services and General Government held a hearing on Office of Management and Budget budget. Testi-mony was heard from Shaun Donovan, Director, Of-fice of Management and Budget. 
THE POWER OF LEGISLATIVE INQUIRY— 
IMPROVING THE VA BY IMPROVING TRANSPARENCY 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘The Power of Legislative Inquiry— Improving the VA by Improving Transparency’’. Testimony was heard from Leigh A. Bradley, Gen-eral Counsel, Department of Veterans Affairs; Maureen T. Regan, Counselor to the Inspector Gen-eral, Department of Veterans Affairs; and public wit-nesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, 
MARCH 17, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-
culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administra-tion, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Agriculture, 10 a.m., SD–192. 
Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans 
Affairs, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to exam-ine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the military services, 2:30 p.m., SD–124. 
Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, to hold hearings 
to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Library of Congress and the Architect of the Capitol, 3 p.m., SD–138. 
Committee on Armed Services: to receive a closed briefing 
on cyber, space and strategic competition with China and Russia in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., SVC–217. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-
committee on Aviation Operations, Safety, and Security, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the President’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 5627 E:\CR\FM\D16MR5.REC D16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D279 March 16, 2015 
proposed budget request for fiscal year 2016 for the 
Transportation Security Administration (TSA), 2:30 p.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-
ings to examine the state of technological innovation re-lated to the electric grid, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub-
committee on Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife, to hold hearings to examine S. 659, to protect and enhance op-portunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shoot-ing, 10 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine 
building a competitive United States international tax system, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on West-
ern Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Security, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues, to hold hearings to examine the deepening political and economic crisis in Venezuela, focusing on implications for United States interests and the Western Hemisphere, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to 
hold hearings to examine America’s health information technology (IT) transformation, focusing on translating the promise of electronic health records into better care, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
to hold hearings to examine securing the Southwest bor-der, focusing on perspectives from beyond the beltway, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine 
immigration reform, focusing on the American worker, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-
ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Subcommittee on Conservation 
and Forestry, hearing to review the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States’’ proposed rule and its impact on rural America, 2 p.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Interior, 
Environment, and Related Agencies, hearing on Fish and Wildlife Service budget, 9 a.m., B–308 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, 
Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, hearing on Department of Agriculture Food, Nutrition, and Consumer Services budget, 10 a.m., 2362–A Ray-burn. 
Subcommittee on Defense, hearing on National Guard 
and Reserve budget, 10 a.m., H–140 Capitol. 
Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, 
hearing on Department of Energy, Applied Energy Pro-grams budget, 10 a.m., 2362–B Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Homeland Security, hearing on Se-
cret Service budget, 10 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, 
and Education, hearing on Department of Labor budget, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban 
Development, and Related Agencies, hearing on Federal Aviation Administration budget, 10 a.m., 2358–A Ray-burn. 
Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-
lated Agencies, hearing on National Science Foundation budget, 10:30 a.m., H–309 Capitol. Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Gov-
ernment, hearing on General Services Administration budget, 11 a.m., HT–2 Capitol. 
Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, 
hearing on Department of Energy, Office of Science budget, 1 p.m., 2362–B Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related 
Agencies, hearing on National Park Service budget, 1 p.m., B–308 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Re-
lated Programs, hearing on U.S. Agency for International Development budget, 2:30 p.m., H–140 Capitol. 
Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘The Fiscal Year 2016 National Defense Author-ization Budget Request from the Military Departments’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, hearing entitled 
‘‘Assuring Assured Access to Space’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee 
on Higher Education and Workforce Training, hearing entitled ‘‘Strengthening America’s Higher Education Sys-tem’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-
ergy and Power, hearing entitled ‘‘EPA’s Proposed 111(d) Rule for Existing Power Plants: Legal and Cost Issues’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘The Annual Testimony of the Secretary of the Treasury on the State of the International Financial Sys-tem’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘The FY 2016 Budget Request: Assessing U.S. Foreign Assistance Effectiveness’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Ray-burn. 
Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and 
Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘National Security Benefits of Trade Agreements with Asia and Europe’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Bor-
der and Maritime Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Combating Terrorist Travel: Does the Visa Waiver Program Keep Our Nation Safe?’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on the Con-
stitution and Civil Justice, hearing on H.R. 758, the ‘‘Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Federal 
Lands, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Spending Prior-ities and Missions of the National Park Service in the President’s FY 2016 Budget Proposal’’, 9:30 a.m., 1334 
Longworth. 
Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hear-
ing entitled ‘‘Examining the Spending Priorities and Mis-sions of the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement and the Office of Natural Resources Revenue in the President’s FY 2016 Budget Proposals’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘FCC: Process and Trans-parency’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on National Security; and Subcommittee 
on Health Care, Benefits and Administrative Rules, joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Fiscal Costs of the President’s Exec-utive Actions on Immigration’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 5627 E:\CR\FM\D16MR5.REC D16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D280 March 16, 2015 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on S.J. 
Res. 8, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the National Labor Relations Board relating to representation case procedures; and H. Res. 132, pro-viding for the expenses of certain committees of the House of Representatives in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Reality Check: The Impact and Achievability of EPA’s Proposed Ozone Standards’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Small Business, Subcommittee on Con-
tracting and Workforce, hearing entitled ‘‘Contracting and the Industrial Base II: Bundling, Goaling, and the Office of Hearings and Appeals’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Surface Transportation Reau-thorization Bill: Laying the Foundation for U.S. Eco-nomic Growth and Job Creation Part II’’, 9:30 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Eco-
nomic Opportunity, hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of High-er Education Opportunities for the Newest Generation of Veterans’’, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on 
Human Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘Expanding Oppor-tunity by Funding What Works: Using Evidence to Help Low-Income Individuals and Families Get Ahead’’, 10 a.m., B–318 Rayburn. 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Ongoing Intelligence Activi-ties’’, 1 p.m., HVC–304. This hearing will be closed. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of March 17 through March 20, 2015 
Senate Chamber 
On Tuesday , at approximately 10 a.m., Senate will 
continue consideration of S. 178, Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. At 11 a.m., Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the committee-re-ported substitute amendment to the bill. If cloture is not invoked, Senate will vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on the bill. 
During the balance of the week, Senate may con-
sider any cleared legislative and executive business. 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: March 17, Subcommittee 
on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Ad-ministration, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Agriculture, 10 a.m., SD–192. 
March 17, Subcommittee on Military Construction and 
Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the military services, 2:30 p.m., SD–124. 
March 17, Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, to 
hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Library of Con-
gress and the Architect of the Capitol, 3 p.m., SD–138. 
March 18, Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing 
and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and jus-tification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Transportation, 10 a.m., SD–562. 
March 18, Subcommittee on Department of the Inte-
rior, Environment, and Related Agencies, to hold hear-ings to examine proposed budget estimates and justifica-tion for fiscal year 2016 for the Forest Service, 10 a.m., SD–124. 
March 18, Subcommittee on Department of Defense, to 
hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Missile Defense Agency, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. 
March 19, Subcommittee on Military Construction and 
Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal years 2016 and 2017 for the Veterans Benefits Administration, 10:30 a.m., SD–124. 
March 19, Subcommittee on Department of Homeland 
Security, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget es-timates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the United States Secret Service, 2 p.m., SD–138. 
Committee on Armed Services: March 17, to receive a 
closed briefing on cyber, space and strategic competition with China and Russia in review of the Defense Author-ization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., SVC–217. 
March 18, Subcommittee on SeaPower, to hold hear-
ings to examine Navy shipbuilding programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., SR–222. 
March 18, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-
ine the postures of the Department of the Army and the Department of the Air Force in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SD–106. 
March 19, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-
ine U.S. Strategic Command, U.S. Transportation Com-mand, and U.S. Cyber Command in review of the De-fense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
March 19, Subcommittee on Airland, to hold hearings 
to examine Air Force force structure and modernization in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SR–222. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
March 19, to hold hearings to examine the regulatory re-gime for regional banks, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
Committee on the Budget: March 18, business meeting to 
mark up the concurrent resolution on the budget for fis-cal year 2016, 2:30 p.m., SD–608. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: March 
17, Subcommittee on Aviation Operations, Safety, and Security, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2016 for the Transportation Security Administration (TSA), 2:30 p.m., SR–253. 
March 18, Full Committee, to hold an oversight hear-
ing to examine the Federal Communications Commission, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 5627 E:\CR\FM\D16MR5.REC D16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D281 March 16, 2015 
March 19, Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, 
Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security, to hold 
hearings to examine the evolving cyber insurance market-place, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: March 17, to 
hold hearings to examine the state of technological inno-vation related to the electric grid, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
March 19, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-
ine U.S. crude oil export policy, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: March 17, 
Subcommittee on Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife, to hold hearings to examine S. 659, to protect and enhance op-portunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shoot-ing, 10 a.m., SD–406. 
March 18, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-
ine S. 697, to amend the Toxic Substances Control Act to reauthorize and modernize that Act, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Finance: March 17, to hold hearings to ex-
amine building a competitive United States international tax system, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
March 19, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-
ine the Affordable Care Act at five years, 9:30 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: March 17, Subcommittee 
on Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Security, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Wom-en’s Issues, to hold hearings to examine the deepening political and economic crisis in Venezuela, focusing on implications for United States interests and the Western Hemisphere, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
March 19, Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health 
Policy, to hold hearings to examine the United States-Af-rica leaders summit seven months later, focusing on progress and setbacks, 9:30 a.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
March 17, to hold hearings to examine America’s health information technology (IT) transformation, focusing on translating the promise of electronic health records into better care, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
March 17, to hold hearings to examine securing the Southwest border, focusing on perspectives from beyond the beltway, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
March 19, Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and 
Federal Management, to hold hearings to examine Federal rulemaking challenges and areas of improvement within the existing regulatory process, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Indian Affairs: March 18, business meeting 
to consider S. 35, to extend the Federal recognition to the Little Shell Tribe of Chippewa Indians of Montana, S. 438, to provide for the repair, replacement, and mainte-nance of certain Indian irrigation projects, S. 465, to ex-tend Federal recognition to the Chickahominy Indian Tribe, the Chickahominy Indian Tribe-Eastern Division, the Upper Mattaponi Tribe, the Rappahannock Tribe, Inc., the Monacan Indian Nation, and the Nansemond In-dian Tribe, and the nomination of Jonodev Osceola Chaudhuri, of Arizona, to be Chairman of the National Indian Gaming Commission; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine an original bill, entitled ‘‘the Reauthorization of the Native American Housing Assist-ance and Self Determination Act of 2015’’, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: March 17, to hold hearings 
to examine immigration reform, focusing on the Amer-ican worker, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
March 18, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-
ine the impact of patent litigation practices on the Amer-ican economy, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
March 19, Subcommittee on Oversight, Agency Ac-
tion, Federal Rights and Federal Courts, to hold hearings to examine reining in amnesty, focusing on Texas v. 
United States and its implications, 3:30 p.m., SD–226. 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: March 
19, to hold hearings to examine patent reform, focusing on protecting innovation and entrepreneurship, 10 a.m., SR–428A. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: March 18, to hold a joint 
hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative presentation from multiple vet-erans service organizations, 10 a.m., SD–G50. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: March 17, to receive a 
closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
March 19, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to 
examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, March 18, Full Committee, 
hearing on the importance of trade to U.S. agriculture, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
March 19, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 897, the 
‘‘Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act of 2015’’, 9:30 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Appropriations, March 18, hearing for pub-
lic and outside witnesses, 9 a.m., B–308 Rayburn. 
March 18, Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human 
Services, and Education, oversight hearing on closing the achievement gap in higher education, 9:30 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. 
March 18, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Devel-
opment, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, hearing on Department of Agriculture Rural Development budget, 10 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. 
March 18, Subcommittee on Defense, hearing on 
United States Pacific Command and United States Forces Korea budget, 10 a.m., H–140 Capitol. This hearing will be closed. 
March 18, Subcommittee on Energy and Water Devel-
opment, hearing on Department of Energy, Environ-mental Management budget, 9:30 a.m., 2362–B Ray-burn. 
March 18, Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, 
Science, and Related Agencies, hearing on National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration budget, 10:30 a.m., H–309 Capitol. 
March 18, Subcommittee on Financial Services and 
General Government, hearing on Internal Revenue Service budget, 11 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
March 18, Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, 
and Related Agencies, hearing for public and outside wit-nesses, 1 p.m., B–308 Rayburn. 
March 18, Subcommittee on Military Construction, 
Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, hearing on related agencies budget, 2 p.m., 2358–C Rayburn. 
March 18, Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, 
and Related Programs, hearing on Department of Treas-ury International Programs budget, 2 p.m., 2359 Ray-burn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 5627 E:\CR\FM\D16MR5.REC D16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D282 March 16, 2015 
March 19, Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, 
and Related Agencies, hearing on Bureau of Land Man-agement budget, 9:30 a.m., B–308 Rayburn. 
March 19, Subcommittee on Military Construction, 
Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, hearing on De-partment of Veterans Affairs, Office of the Inspector Gen-eral oversight, 9:30 a.m., H–309 Capitol. 
March 19, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Devel-
opment, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, hearing on Department of Agriculture Farm and Foreign Agricultural Service budget, 10 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. 
March 19, Subcommittee on Defense, hearing on 
United States European Command budget, 10 a.m., H–140 Capitol. This hearing will be closed. 
March 19, Subcommittee on Homeland Security, hear-
ing on Transportation Security Administration budget, 10 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
March 19, Subcommittee on Financial Services and 
General Government, hearing on Consumer Product Safe-ty Commission budget, 11 a.m., 2362–B Rayburn. 
March 19, Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing 
and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, hearing on Surface Transportation Programs budget, 10 a.m., 2358–A Rayburn. 
Committee on Armed Services, March 18, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘The President’s Proposed Authorization for the Use of Military Force Against ISIL and the Fiscal Year 2016 National Defense Authorization Budget Re-quest from the Department of Defense’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
March 18, Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection 
Forces; and Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, hearing entitled ‘‘Naval Cooperative Strat-
egy’’, 2 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
March 18, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and 
Capabilities, hearing entitled ‘‘Special Operations Forces in an Uncertain Threat Environment: A Review of the Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Request for U.S. Special Oper-ations Command’’, 3:30 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
March 19, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 Missile Defense Hearing’’, 9 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
March 19, Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land 
Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 Ground Force Modernization and Rotorcraft Modernization Programs’’, 10:30 a.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
Committee on the Budget, March 18, Full Committee, 
markup on the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016, 10:30 a.m., 210 Cannon. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, March 18, Full 
Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Reviewing the President’s Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Proposal for the Department of Labor’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, March 18, Sub-
committee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade, hearing on discussion draft of the ‘‘Data Security and Breach Notification Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Ray-burn. 
March 18, Subcommittee on Environment and the 
Economy, hearing on the ‘‘Improving Coal Combustion Residuals Regulation Act of 2015’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. March 19, Subcommittee on Energy and Power, hear-
ing on H.R. 906, to modify the efficiency standards for grid-enabled water heaters, 10 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
March 19, Subcommittee on Communications and 
Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘FCC Reauthorization: Oversight of the Commission’’, 11 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, March 18, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Preserving Consumer Choice and Financial Independence’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. 
March 19, Subcommittee on Capital Markets and Gov-
ernment Sponsored Enterprises, hearing entitled ‘‘Over-sight of the SEC’s Division of Enforcement’’, 9 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, March 18, Subcommittee 
on the Western Hemisphere; and Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Iran and Hezbollah in the Western Hemisphere’’, 10:15 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
March 18, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, 
Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Election Support in Africa’’, 10:15 a.m., 2255 Rayburn. 
March 18, Subcommittee on the Middle East and 
North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘Does the President’s FY 2016 Budget Request Address the Crises in the Middle East and North Africa?’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
March 19, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Negotia-
tions with Iran: Blocking or Paving Tehran’s Path to Nu-clear Weapons?’’, 8:30 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, March 18, Sub-
committee on Oversight and Management Efficiency, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Unmanned Aerial System Threats: Ex-ploring Security Implications and Mitigation Tech-nologies’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
March 19, Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, 
Response, and Communications, hearing entitled ‘‘Agents of Opportunity: Responding to the Threat of Chemical Terrorism’’, 9:30 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on the Judiciary, March 18, Full Committee, 
markup on H.R. 1153, the ‘‘Asylum Reform and Border Protection Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 1148, the ‘‘Michael Davis, Jr. in Honor of State and Local Law Enforcement Act’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
March 19, Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Home-
land Security, and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Child Exploitation Restitution Following the Paroline v. United 
States Decision’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources, March 18, Subcommittee 
on Energy and Mineral Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘Ef-fect of the President’s FY 2016 Budget and Legislative Proposals for the Office of Surface Mining on Private Sec-tor Job Creation, Domestic Energy Production, State Pro-grams and Deficit Reduction’’, 10:30 a.m., 1334 Long-worth. 
March 18, Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska 
Native Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘Funding Priorities for and the United States’ Responsibilities concerning Indi-ans, Alaska Natives, and Insular Areas in the President’s FY 2016 Budget Request for the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs, Indian Health Service, Office of Insular Affairs, and Office of the Special Trustee for American Indians’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. 
March 19, Subcommittee on Federal Lands; and Sub-
committee on Water, Power and Oceans, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Spending Priorities and Missions of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 5627 E:\CR\FM\D16MR5.REC D16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D283 March 16, 2015 
Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration in the Presi-
dent’s FY 2016 Budget Proposal’’, 9:30 a.m., 1334 Long-worth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, March 18, 
Subcommittee on Information Technology, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Cybersecurity: The Evolving Nature of Cyber Threats Facing the Private Sector’’, 1 p.m., 2154 Ray-burn. 
March 18, Subcommittee on Government Operations, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Federal Workforce Tax Accountability’’, 1 p.m., 2247 Rayburn. 
March 19, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘A Re-
view of the Department of Homeland Security’s Policies and Procedures for the Apprehension, Detention, and Re-lease of Non-Citizens Unlawfully Present in the United States—Part II’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Small Business, March 18, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Tangled in Red Tape: New Challenges for Small Manufacturers’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
March 19, Subcommittee on Contracting and Work-
force, hearing entitled ‘‘Contracting and the Industrial 
Base III: Reverse Auctions, Verification and the SBA’s Role in Rule Making’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, March 18, 
Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘The President’s Fiscal Year 2016 Budg-et: Administration Priorities for the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’’, 10:30 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, March 19, Subcommittee 
on Oversight and Investigations, hearing on H.R. 571, the ‘‘Veterans Affairs Retaliation Prevention Act of 2015’’; H.R. 593, the ‘‘Aurora VA Hospital Financing and Construction Reform Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1015, the ‘‘Protecting Business Opportunities for Veterans Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1016, the ‘‘Biological Implant Tracking and 
Veteran Safety Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1017, to improve the information security of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs by directing the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out certain actions to improve the transparency and the governance of the information security program of the Department, and for other purposes; H.R. 1128, to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain im-provements in the information security of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; and H.R. 1129, to amend title 38, United States Code, to establish within the Department of Veterans Affairs an Office of Whistleblower and Patient Protection, 8 a.m., 334 Can-non. 
Committee on Ways and Means, March 18, Subcommittee 
on Select Revenue Measures, organizational meeting for the 114th Congress; hearing on the burdens family busi-nesses and farms face planning for and paying the estate tax, 10 a.m., B–318 Rayburn. 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, March 19, Full 
Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Growing Cyber Threat and Its Impact on American Business’’, 9 a.m., HVC–210. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: March 18, to hold hearings to 
examine the Economic Report of the President 2015, 2:30 p.m., SD–562. 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: March 
18, to hold hearings to examine Northern Ireland, focus-ing on Stormont, collusion, and the Finucane inquiry, in-cluding other issues of accountability for past government collusion in paramilitary crimes, 2 p.m., 2175, Rayburn Building. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 5627 E:\CR\FM\D16MR5.REC D16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD284 March 16, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Tuesday, March 17 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of S. 178, Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. At 11 a.m., Senate will vote on the motion to invoke clo-ture on the committee-reported substitute amendment to the bill. If cloture is not invoked, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the bill, with the filing deadline for second-degree amendments to the bill at 10:30 a.m. 
(Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their 
respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Tuesday, March 17 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of H.R. 1029— 
EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2015 (Sub-ject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Buchanan, Vern, Fla., E327, E329 
Coffman, Mike, Colo., E333, E335 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E330, E331, E334, E336 Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E334 Graves, Sam, Mo., E328, E330, E332, E333, E336 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E332, E335 Hunter, Duncan, Calif., E328 Lance, Leonard, N.J., E337 
Long, Billy, Mo., E335 MacArthur, Thomas, N.J., E328, E331 Messer, Luke, Ind., E331 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E327 Norcross, Donald, N.J., E330, E334 Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E331 Renacci, James B., Ohio, E327 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E328, E329, E330, E331, E332, 
E333, E334, E335, E335, E336 
Shimkus, John, Ill., E327 Smith, Jason, Mo., E330, E333 Smith, Lamar, Tex., E328 Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E333 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E327 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E329 Young, David, Iowa, E329, E331, E332, E333, E334, E336 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Mar 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D16MR5.REC D16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST