Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7845 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 2015 No. 166 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, November 16, 2015, at 2 p.m. 
Senate 
MONDAY , NOVEMBER 9, 2015 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Lord, You have been our dwelling 
place in all generations. Before the mountains were formed or the Earth received its frame, You are and have been without beginning or ending. 
Thank You for the heartbeats we bor-
row each day. May Your life-sustaining power inspire our lawmakers to trust Your sovereignty and to lean on Your love. Supply their needs from the boun-ty of Your transcendent goodness, never forsaking them during turbulent times. Rule and reign in Your world in spite of the prevalence of pathology and sin. May Your peace guard and guide our hearts and minds. 
We pray in Your merciful Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
ERNST ). The majority leader is recog-
nized. WELCOMING PRIME MINISTER 
BENJAMIN NETANYAHU TO WASHINGTON, DC 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I would like to welcome Prime Min-ister Benjamin Netanyahu to Wash-ington. 
Today’s visit between President 
Obama and the Prime Minister was the 
first time the leaders of our two coun-tries have met in over a year. It was also their first time meeting since President Obama concluded his deal with Iran. 
We know that deal is likely to en-
trench Iran’s nuclear threshold capa-bilities while helping subsidize ter-rorist groups, such as Hezbollah and Hamas, that are dedicated to Israel’s destruction. We know that the Presi-dent’s deal does not even require Iran to recognize Israel’s right to exist. 
So I am sure these leaders had much 
to discuss. I am sure they engaged in a frank discussion. But a relationship based on frank exchanges of views—a relationship centered on substance rather than just personalities—is im-portant for both of our countries. It is, in fact, healthy. 
That is certainly true when we hear 
Iran’s Supreme Leader reiterating calls for Israel’s destruction. That is cer-tainly true when we hear him saying that change will never happen as he continues to rail against our own coun-try. 
So it is good that Prime Minister 
Netanyahu and President Obama had a chance to meet today. It is good that the Prime Minister will have an oppor-tunity to visit the Capitol again to-morrow as well. We appreciated his last visit very 
much. It was important to hear the perspective of a leader for whom threats from countries like Iran and terrorist groups like ISIL and the Pal-estinian Islamic Jihad are hardly theo-retical. 
That was made clear when I led a 
congressional delegation to the Middle East last month that included Con-gressman B
ARRand Senators from Ar-
kansas, South Dakota, and Iowa. We met with leaders in Jordan, Iraq, and Afghanistan, and in Israel we had a chance to visit with the Prime Min-ister. It was productive, it was eye- opening, and it underlined a key point. 
Israel’s Prime Minister is a great 
friend of the United States. The bonds between our nations are strong. And I hope we can all find ways to strengthen them further because the threats fac-ing both our countries are real, and they are certainly worrying. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mi-
nority leader is recognized. 
f 
MEETING WITH THE PRIME 
MINISTER OF ISRAEL 
Mr. REID. Madam President, I look 
forward to meeting with the Prime Minister of Israel tomorrow, and I will have more to say about that in the morning. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Nov 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09NO6.000 S09NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7846 November 9, 2015 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND 
VETERANS AFFAIRS APPROPRIA-TIONS BILL 
Mr. REID. Madam President, today 
the Senate continues its consideration of the Military Construction and Vet-erans Affairs appropriations bill. This appropriations bill is a modest step in the right direction. It provides re-sources and will address the veteran care backlog, including 770 new claims processors and 200 new appeals adju-dicators. It expands medical treatment for veterans, and it provides State grants for extended care homes in rural areas, which is extremely important. 
I want to make sure one thing is un-
derstood and is very clear. If it had been up to Republicans, this legislation 
would have shortchanged America’s veterans. Let’s remember that Repub-licans’ original appropriations bill for the VA was a far cry from this funding measure today. They ranted and raved, but in the process, would have cost the veterans $2 billion. The Republicans’ bill included devastating sequester caps that would have underfunded the Veterans’ Administration by billions of dollars. If Republicans had passed their bill, 70,000 vets would not receive the care they deserve—70,000. 
The reason the Senate is considering 
this much improved appropriations leg-islation is because Democrats refused to go along with Republican efforts to underfund veterans and our middle class. Instead, Democrats held firm to stop devastating sequester cuts from hitting America’s domestic priorities. Because we refused to let Republicans undermine care for our veterans, fund-ing for the Veterans’ Administration is more than $2 billion over what it would have been. 
Democrats refused to let congres-
sional Republicans do what they al-ways do: disregard the needs of the middle class—in this case middle class veterans—those people at home we so try to protect. In the aftermath of President Bush’s two unpaid-for wars, Republicans have made little effort to meet the Nation’s obligations to its veterans. The work that has been done in recent years to do a better job for our veterans, including wounded war-riors legislation and on and on, are things that we on this side of the aisle proposed and passed. 
This is symptomatic of today’s Re-
publicans. They want to start and fund wars overseas, but when the bill comes—when the time comes to make good on the promises to our service-members, many Republicans are no-where to be found. 
Taking care of our veterans is one of 
the prices of war. It is one of the costs of a robust defense that keeps America safe. To neglect that responsibility is callous, and some say immoral. 
We can do better by our Nation’s vet-
erans. This appropriations bill is a start. We still have a long way to go in meeting our commitments to the brave men and women who defend our coun-try and have defended our country. FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS 
Mr. REID. Madam President, for 
more than 3 months, the senior Sen-ator from Iowa has been blocking the confirmation, the promotion of more than 20 career Foreign Service officers. 
These Foreign Service officers are ca-
reer diplomats. They are some of the finest people in our government. They are brave. They work in some of the most remote, difficult, and crime-rid-den war zones in the world. Many of these Foreign Service officers are al-ways ready to serve at a moment’s no-tice in hotspots throughout the world— hot spots like Iraq and Afghanistan. 
These diplomats are not partisan; 
they are diplomats. They are not polit-ical appointments. That is why it is troubling to see the senior Senator from Iowa politicize their promotions. He admits that he is blocking the pro-motion of these Foreign Service offi-cers until he gets answers about Sec-retary Hillary Clinton’s emails and her aide, a woman by the name of Huma Abedin. 
I have told Senator G
RASSLEY he is 
making a mistake by targeting these fine public servants. They have worked all over the world. With rare exception, they know multiple languages. But in-stead of changing course and doing what is right by these diplomats, Sen-ator G
RASSLEY seems to be doubling 
down on his obstruction. 
As the Senator from Iowa digs in on 
this failed policy, more innocent peo-ple—these diplomats—are being caught in the resulting backlog. Last month, the Senate received several letters con-taining more than 600 Foreign Service promotions. In years past, it didn’t matter if Democrats controlled the Senate or Republicans, they would have passed that list quickly in a mat-ter of a day or two, with no opposition, of course. 
Times have changed, and these lists 
of 600 career Foreign Service officers sit unpassed before this body. Among the 600 individuals on this promotion list are two people from Iowa. These Iowans—that is right, two of the con-stituents of the senior Senator from Iowa are being denied a promotion. 
Why are nonpartisan public servants 
being used as political pawns, espe-cially if they are being blocked just be-cause Senator G
RASSLEY doesn’t want 
Hillary Clinton to be the next Presi-dent of the United States. I haven’t heard who he is supporting—Trump, Carson, C
RUZ, RUBIO, Bush, Christie, or 
a long list of others. But, obviously, he doesn’t want Hillary Clinton to be elected. 
So I ask the senior Senator from 
Iowa: Is he blocking two of his own constituents? Why? Should Senator G
RASSLEY allow all of the Foreign 
Service lists to be confirmed by the Senate without further delay? Of course he should. We could confirm them right now. 
It is time for my friend from Iowa to 
end these foolish campaigns to under-mine Secretary Clinton. Under Senator G
RASSLEY ’s leadership, the Judiciary 
Committee continues to hound the State Department for information about Secretary Clinton and her staff-ers. He and his fellow Republicans want emails. He wants to see timesheets for State Department employees, as do some other Republicans. Committee staff wants transcribed interviews with email vendors, and they want mater-nity leave records for one of Secretary Clinton’s closest aides, Huma Abedin. 
Think about that: Republicans want 
to know how long a member of Sec-retary Clinton’s staff took for her ma-ternity leave. Is that ludicrous? Of course it is. 
Those who know Ms. Abedin best can 
vouch for her integrity and her work ethic as a close aide to Senator Clinton for decades. When her reputation was attacked in the past—that is Ms. Abedin’s—Republicans, including Sen-ator J
OHNMCCAIN, defended her. 
Here is what Senator M CCAINsaid: 
‘‘an intelligent, upstanding, hard-work-ing, loyal servant of our country . . . the daughter of immigrants who has risen to the highest levels of our gov-ernment on her substantial personal merit.’’ 
Can my colleagues imagine wanting 
to know if she took off too much time to have a baby? 
Let’s remember that she is a staff 
member, not a principal. It is one thing to level charges at an elected Member of Congress or the administration. It is a completely different matter to target a staff member, especially someone who Senator M
CCAINsays ‘‘represents 
the best about America.’’ 
How much money would a Repub-
lican Congress waste to try to bring down Hillary Clinton? We don’t know by the numbers. We have already seen that the so-called House Select Com-mittee on Benghazi has wasted 18 months and more than $5 million. Nu-merous other committees have con-ducted similar investigations. We don’t know how much they have cost, but it is millions. 
How much taxpayer money is Sen-
ator G
RASSLEY and the Judiciary Com-
mittee wasting on its anti-Clinton campaign? We know how much money and staff are being devoted to inves-tigating Secretary Clinton in the House—$8,000 to $10,000 a day, and that is low-balling. How many millions of dollars are the American people paying for the Judiciary Committee to dupli-cate the House’s wasteful political at-tacks? 
The senior Senator from Iowa is al-
ways talking on the floor about the proper use of taxpayer resources. He should walk into his bathroom, look into the mirror, and find out what he is doing about the proper use of taxpayer resources. He should be willing to tell us about the resources his committee has used to investigate Secretary Clin-ton. 
The American people deserve to 
know how much money is being spent on these investigations, especially if 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Nov 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09NO6.007 S09NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7847 November 9, 2015 
600 honorable Foreign Service officers 
are going to be used as political pawns in a crusade to keep Hillary Clinton from being elected President. I hope he will drop his opposition to career dip-lomats and other important nomina-tions so we can give these good people the promotions they have earned. 
As I travel the world through these 
many years, Madam President, I al-ways go to the embassies, and I always ask them to see as many of the staff there as possible. I tell them there is no finer group of people representing America today than our Foreign Serv-ice corps, and I stand by that. It is a shame that I have to come to the floor and talk about this. We should pass these nominations tonight with no fur-ther delay. 
Would the Chair tell us the schedule 
of today’s business in the Senate. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND 
VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 2029, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2029) making appropriations 
for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
Kirk/Tester amendment No. 2763, in the na-
ture of a substitute. 
Kirk amendment No. 2764 (to amendment 
No. 2763), to clarify the term ‘‘congressional defense committees.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the time until 5:30 p.m. will be equally divided in the usual form. 
The Senator from Montana. Mr. TESTER. Madam President, I 
will defer my remarks until the chair-man of the VA–MILCON appropriations subcommittee comes, and after he speaks, I will. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. TESTER. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. TESTER. Thank you, Madam 
President. 
It will be some time before Senator 
K
IRKarrives, so I do want to give my 
remarks for the purpose of other folks who would like to talk about this bill. 
I rise today along with Senator K
IRK 
to usher the legislation through this Chamber, the VA–MILCON appropria-
tions bill, as quickly as possible. I want to thank Senator K
IRKfor his work on 
this bill. As I said last week when we began debating the VA–MILCON appro-priations bill, this legislation has huge significance. It marks a good-faith ef-fort on behalf of this body to move for-ward with an appropriations bill that responsibly invests in our national se-curity, our economy, and our country. 
I also think that, among all the ap-
propriations bills to move forward, it is right and just that a bill to honor our commitment to our Nation’s veterans be the first one to break the gridlock. 
I recognize that the VA–MILCON ap-
propriations bill that came out of the committee last spring fell far short of what the VA needs to provide the care our veterans have earned. But now that Congress has passed the budget agree-ment, we have crafted a substitute amendment that will bring this bill closer to where it has to be to meet the needs of the brave men and women who have served this country. This amend-ment will provide an additional $1.9 billion for VA medical services. This amendment fixes a flawed bill. 
The bill passed out of the committee 
in May grossly shortchanged our vet-erans and undermined the ability of the VA employees to do their jobs, and that is one of the reasons I voted against it. Now, 6 months later, we are about to right the committee’s wrong and make investments that we have known all along the VA needs. The money will help allow the VA to ad-dress an increased demand for hepatitis C treatments, bolster health care for rural veterans, and will ensure that we can better recruit and retain VA doc-tors and nurses in every State of the Union. It also provides better care for Vietnam veterans who are reaching re-tirement age and treats the physical and mental ailments of veterans re-turning home after 15 years of war in the Middle East. These are investments the VA desperately needs to do its job. 
Now, I know the VA has been under a 
microscope, and it should be. It is re-sponsible for honoring a promise, and when that promise is broken, we need to do more than to say ‘‘I am sorry.’’ We need to fix it. This substitute amendment before the Senate will begin to right these wrongs, and you have my word that I and others will be scrutinizing how every dollar is spent because we can’t afford to make these investments without knowing they are producing real results for the coura-geous servicemembers who have earned it. 
Colleagues are encouraged to provide 
amendments in a timely manner be-cause we all would like to pass this bill before Veterans Day. Once we pass the bill, it will prove we are serious about living up to promises that we make to our Nation’s veterans. It will empower VA employees to do their jobs and pro-vide veterans with the care they have earned. 
It is not just health care. This bill 
will improve consideration of com-pensation claims for injuries suffered 
during their service. It gives the VA the tools to maintain our national cemetery system. It supports the Office of the Inspector General, which we need in order to ensure that the VA is living up to the demands that we have placed upon it. 
It adds $170 million for military con-
struction. These funds will go toward additional projects to enhance our military readiness, particularly for the Air Force and its Reserve elements, and it will set the stage for future ap-propriations bills that responsibly in-vest in education, energy, infrastruc-ture, and in our public lands. 
I am very happy that we are consid-
ering this bill today. Hopefully, we can finish this bill tomorrow, as we should. It will take some cooperation, but I think the Senate is finally ready for some cooperation. I look forward to that. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. COATS. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
WASTEFUL SPENDING  
Mr. COATS. Madam President, I am 
back on the floor once again for my ‘‘Waste of the Week.’’ I have been doing this for well over 20 weeks—high-lighting waste, fraud, and abuse of tax-payers’ money. It is said we cannot af-ford to cut another dime, that pro-grams are too important. 
I question that since the Government 
Accountability Office, the Office of Management and Budget, and the con-gressional accounting office have all looked at various Federal programs and said: Why in the world are you doing this in the first place? It is no longer relevant. It is a waste of money. The function has already been taken care of. 
Today we are going to highlight yet 
another situation where this money ought to be going into either higher priority uses—such as Department of Defense or funding soldiers or veterans or something such as that—or not take it from the taxpayer in the first place. And as we document each week, our ac-count keeps growing in terms of money that falls clearly into the category of waste, fraud, and abuse. 
Today’s situation is a little bit dif-
ferent because the money is not being spent. Then the question is, OK, it is reserved for something, right? It was, but that action has been fulfilled. So why is that money still sitting there and who is using it or if it is not being used, why isn’t it redirected and re-turned to the taxpayer? 
Let me talk about this program. Throughout our Nation’s history, the 
United States has pursued various paths of energy development in order 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Nov 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09NO6.008 S09NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7848 November 9, 2015 
to power our communities. One of the 
ways we have pursued energy produc-tion is through uranium enrichment and nuclear reactors. Today, that is not a popular way of providing power. 
By the way, it is totally environ-
mentally pure. There is no carbon diox-ide, nitrous oxide, or any other emis-sion issue here that is harmful to our environment. Yet we have suspended all this for various reasons—mostly the concern about a situation where it gets out of hand, even though today’s tech-nology can essentially provide safety for that. 
Nevertheless, when Congress passed 
the Energy Policy Act of 1992, the United States Enrichment Corporation, USEC, was authorized and stood up to provide more privatized uranium en-richment services for the U.S. Govern-ment and utilities that operate these nuclear powerplants. And there are several dozen operating in the United States. Previously, this service was provided by the Department of Energy and its predecessor agencies, but now this law appropriated taxpayer dollars to a newly established USEC Fund, which is a revolving fund in the Treas-ury to carry out the purposes of this new organization, the United States Enrichment Corporation. 
The law also appropriated taxpayer 
dollars to the fund revolving in the Treasury to carry out their purposes. Let me describe this fund in a little more detail. 
Four years after the creation of the 
fund, Congress passed the USEC Pri-vatization Act, which authorized the USEC’s sale to the private sector—a pretty good move, I think. There are a lot of things the private sector can do more effectively and efficiently than the Federal Government. This was a privatization effort that was success-ful. It transitioned from a Federal to a private corporation, and today it oper-ates as a private company, not a Fed-eral company, separate from the Fed-eral Government, under a new name; therefore, it is no longer under the con-trol of the Federal Government. 
What has become of the money that 
was funded? The USEC Fund was au-thorized to pay for the expenses of the USEC’s privatization and for the envi-ronmental cleanup expense for ‘‘dis-position of depleted uranium stored at government-owned enrichment plants operated by the USEC.’’ That was a logical objective. We did not want this depleted uranium stored onsite. We needed to dispose of it. So we took the money in the fund and used that to take care of the uranium that was stored and that needed to be disposed of. 
Earlier this year, the Government 
Accountability Office issued a report that said that the ‘‘purposes for which the USEC Fund was authorized after privatization have been fulfilled, and the Government Accountability Office has not identified any other purposes for which the USEC Fund is currently available’’—in other words, mission ac-complished. Mission complete. No 
other use of the fund has been author-ized, and so the money is just sitting there. There is a pot of money sitting in the fund that has no federally au-thorized use. Whatever you want to call it—a zombie fund, a fund that sim-ply has no purpose—its life is over, yet it lives on. 
How much is in this fund? The GAO 
found that the USEC Fund’s remaining balance is expected to be over $1.6 bil-lion in 2015—not exactly small change. 
Predictably, the Department of En-
ergy says: Ah, there is a pot of money. Why don’t we use it for something else? 
Well, it is not authorized for any-
thing else. It was money contributed from the Treasury to this fund for a specific purpose, and that was to clean up the environment, to dispose of the uranium, and to privatize the program. 
The GAO report further stated that 
‘‘DOE’s effort to utilize USEC fund moneys instead of general fund appro-priations to support a research and de-velopment effort would diminish trans-parency in budgeting.’’ In other words, the Department of Energy is saying: Oh, we have a slush fund over here. Let’s use it for something. 
Well, transparency and account-
ability are important when it comes to spending taxpayer dollars, and every one of us here in the Senate ought to be cognizant and recognize how critical and how important it is to spend hard- earned taxpayer dollars wisely, effec-tively, and efficiently and not request it from them if it doesn’t have that purpose and achieve that purpose. 
By the same token, if we have a pot 
of money—$1.6 billion—sitting in a fund that has no authorized use, that ought to be returned. That ought to be returned to the taxpayer in one of two ways: one, directed to an absolutely es-sential need that only the Federal Gov-ernment can provide, or two, it ought to go back to the taxpayer. It shouldn’t be taken from the taxpayer. So since the authorized purposes of the USEC Fund have been fulfilled and Congress has given no new authority or appro-priation, the money needs to be re-scinded. 
I am not the only one supporting this 
course of action. The GAO recommends that Congress rescind the entirety of the $1.6 billion, and Congress has at-tempted to rescind this pot of money before. In fact, the House of Represent-atives included language in a 2014 ap-propriations bill to do so. But it is now time to actually return the money. There are attempts being made. If we can successfully achieve this, we can save the taxpayer—by rescinding this $1.6 billion, if we do that, we will then add up to our ever-growing total of wasted, abused, and fraudulently used money. In this case, this appropriated money—money sitting there waiting to be returned and rescinded—will bring our total to almost $119 billion of waste, fraud, and abuse. 
That ends the narrative this week, 
and we look forward to next week and bringing forward yet another waste of 
the week. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
OATS ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that I be recog-nized for such time as I may consume. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, we are 
having a lot of discussion, and people are lined up now talking about this event that is going to take place in the middle of December. It is going to be the 21st COP. It is a meeting that the United Nations puts on every year. It has been on for 21 years now. They are all saying: This is the time. This is what they say every time—for 21 years—that we are going to adopt something in this country. 
Prior to now they had been using leg-
islation to reduce the emissions of CO
2 
and the devastation that will be on our economy. There is nothing different now—except everything. As time has gone by, it has not been their friend. We have the alarmists who really be-lieve that the world is coming to an end because of global warming. Some of them actually believe that. For a lot of them, it is the thing to do. You have Tom Steyer with $75 million trying to resurrect this as an issue. There are some who really do believe it. The problem is, time is not doing them a favor because every time a week or a month goes by, somebody else comes out with some new information. 
A recent NASA study that was pub-
lished in the Journal of Glaciology found that gains in the Antarctic ice sheets are much greater than the esti-mated losses. This runs counter to the IPCC 2013 report that suggests there was a net loss of ice on the continent. 
Let’s look for a minute at what the 
IPCC is. The IPCC is an arm of the United Nations. They have put to-gether these studies of people, and this has been going on now for more than 15 years. The only qualifications you need, I guess, to be one of the scientists is you have to believe in this. 
We have testimony from a lot of dif-
ferent members of the scientific com-munity who have said that their posi-tion in opposition to the anthropogenic gases causing global warming, causing destruction of the Earth, has caused them not to be a part of this. 
There is no better evidence of that 
than in 2009 when they came out and made it very clear that the science they are dependent on was the IPCC, and it was totally discredited with what they call climategate. We have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Nov 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09NO6.011 S09NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7849 November 9, 2015 
talked about this on the floor several 
times. I thought that would have ended it in 2009, but it didn’t. I mentioned that background only because we have the Paris trip coming up, and there will be a lot of people going there to try to fortify their positions. 
Since the 1970s, the IPCC climate 
model historically predicted a signifi-cant increase in global temperatures, and we haven’t really seen this. The frequent statements held up by the media showing each month that passes is the ‘‘hottest month on record’’ will-fully ignore the margin of error con-tained within these datasets. Simply put, the 15-year hiatus—the hiatus, as it is called—is showing that, yes, we went through a period of time when there was warming. Then all of a sud-den, some 15 years ago—16 years ago, it leveled off and it hasn’t warmed since that time. This has been a problem for the individuals who believe this. 
Let me go back. This is from mem-
ory, but I am sure it is right because I have said it so many times. The first time they talked about global cooling was in 1895. In 1895, they came out and said that we are now worried about a new ice age. They coined that term. They said that it is going to be cata-strophic. Then about 20 years later—it was in 2018—it changed. All of a sud-den, there was global warming. There was a warming. This was the first time the term ‘‘global warming’’ had been used. At that stage, things were warm-ing up from that point until 1945. In 1945, it was rather interesting because that was at the end of World War II, and another cold spell came in. 
The interesting thing about this is if 
you look back historically, the great-est surge in emissions of CO
2in Amer-
ica happened right after the Second World War in 1945. That precipitated not a warming but another cold spell. In fact, they used the term ‘‘ice age.’’ In the 1970s, it started warming. 
If you follow this, about every 30 
years this changes. God is still up there. We are still going to have a change in climate. What disappointed them, on the other side, is that all the things they have been saying about global warming—it stopped 15 years ago, and it has leveled off. 
Despite the clear evidence that the 
science of global warming is not set-tled, environmental alarmists are pushing ahead with an economically devastating agenda that is more about ideological outcomes than combating global warming. These efforts will come to a head at the end of this year when the United Nations hosts the 21st Conference on Parties, COP, session in Paris. With this upcoming inter-national spectacle, we should not only be questioning the science, but also the intentions and promises each country is making. 
Just last week, China was exposed for 
underreporting the amount of coal it burns by about 1 billion tons a year for the last 15 years. As the New York Times stated: Even for a country of China’s size, the 
scale of correction is immense. . . . The in-crease alone is greater than the whole Ger-man economy emits annually from fossil fuels. 
They are talking about just the in-
crease of what China has agreed to. They are saying they are reducing some of their emissions. The increase that they admit is going to come will still be far greater than the whole Ger-man economy emits annually for fossil fuels. 
Then there is India, a country whose 
climate pledge is based on the premise that developed countries, such as the United States, will pick up these costs to the tune of $2.5 trillion over the next 15 years—just over $160 billion a year. India stands to gain from American taxpayer dollars. Keep in mind that each year for the last 21 years, we have had about 192 countries come in, and their job—in order to come in and join the big party—is to say, yes, we are going to do something about reducing CO
2emissions. 
I have a lot of activity in Africa, and 
there is someone I know very well who lives in a little country called Benin, West Africa. His name is Luke. He was an official in Benin, West Africa. 
I went up to him and I said: How 
come you are at this thing? You know better than to believe in this whole idea of global warming. 
He said: Well, look. We have an op-
portunity to share in something like $100 billion because we are a minority country. Besides that, this is the big-gest party of all every year. 
So we have these things that are the 
motivations for people coming in. Even the United Nations bureaucrats have been very candid about what they hope to achieve through the international climate negotiations, which has noth-ing to do with saving the environment. 
The former French President, 
Jacques Chirac, when addressing the Kyoto Protocol, described it as the ‘‘first component of an authentic glob-al governance.’’ 
Margot Wallstrom—I remember this 
because I was there at the time she said it—former EU minister, stated that international agreements are about the economy and ‘‘leveling the playing field for big business world-wide.’’ That has nothing to do with the environment. 
Most recently, Christiana Figueres, 
the U.N.’s top climate official when talking about the Paris climate con-ference said—she was running this thing for the United Nations—‘‘This is probably the most difficult task we have ever given ourselves, which is to intentionally transform the economic development model, for the first time in human history.’’ She is the person who is supposed to be making the case. 
Even the United States’ global warm-
ing commitment to the international community is questionable. President Obama is committing the United States to cut its emissions by 26 to 28 percent by 2025. This promise is also just as questionable and hollow as 
what we are hearing from the countries I mentioned. 
The chart itself is self-explanatory. 
This is the gap that is in there. Not only does the President not have the backing of the Senate and the Amer-ican people, but outside groups are finding that the President’s method to achieve these reductions through cli-mate regulations—primarily the Clean Power Plan—is faulty. 
According to a recent analysis by the 
U.S. Chamber, the President’s intended national determination contributions, the INDC—that is what they used to say what commitments are being made—are about 33 percent short of meeting stated targets. On July 8, a former Sierra Club chief climate coun-sel testified before my committee—I chair the Environment and Public Works Committee—about his own anal-ysis that has found an even greater gap. 
Right now, the Clean Power Plan is a 
regulation that is promoted by the President. Starting in 2002, they tried to pass legislation. After we analyzed this legislation, we discovered that it would have cost the American people somewhere between $300 and $400 bil-lion a year. 
Whenever I hear a big number like 
that, what I always do is go back and get the latest figures from my State of Oklahoma as to how much this means to each family that files Federal in-come tax, and this legislation would cost each family about $3,000. That is a lot of money for the people in my State of Oklahoma. Yet, by their own admis-sion, it is not going to accomplish any-thing. 
My colleagues might remember Lisa 
Jackson. Lisa Jackson was chosen by Barack Obama to be the first director of the EPA. I asked her a question right before the Copenhagen party in 2009. I said: Now, you are going to come out with an endangerment finding, and if you have this endangerment finding, who is going to be the scientist? 
She said: Well, the IPCC. I said: Well, assuming that you pass 
this legislation—they were trying to pass the cap-and-trade legislation that I just described, which would have cost between $300 and $400 billion at that time—will that reduce the CO
2emis-
sions worldwide? Keep in mind, Obama chose her to be the director of the EPA. 
She said: No, it wouldn’t do that be-
cause this isn’t where the problem is. The problem is in China, India, and Mexico. 
In fact, you can carry it one step fur-
ther. If you are going to have a reduc-tion in it and then that chases our manufacturing base to other countries where they don’t have restrictions, then those countries will be countries like China and India that don’t have any controls on emissions, so it will end up costing even more. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Nov 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09NO6.013 S09NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7850 November 9, 2015 
I mentioned that the President is 
going there in spite of where the Amer-ican people are. This is very inter-esting because back in 2001 and 2002, major polling showed that the No. 1 concern at that time was global warm-ing. And now that same poll—this is the Gallup poll that came out in March—said it is No. 15, and that is dead last as far as Americans are con-cerned. The American people have caught on. 
The President is setting up the 
American economy to suffer great pain for no gain. The rising cost of energy will not only restrict access to afford-able and reliable energy, but it will also undermine our businesses’ ability to compete on a global scale and will ultimately ship jobs overseas to these other countries that will be increasing emissions for the next decade. 
The outcome sounds a lot like the 
United Nations bureaucrats’ hope for ‘‘leveling the playing field for big busi-ness worldwide.’’ It was Margot Wallstrom who made that statement, and I quoted her a minute ago. 
It is no wonder the President is 
working so hard to circumvent Congress’s role in committing the United States to an international agreement on climate change. He is playing to the wishes of the inter-national community to include French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius who, when talking about the forthcoming international climate summit, said that an agreement needed to be reached that would allow the President to make a commitment ‘‘without going to Congress.’’ That is the whole idea. 
It is not just this one; there are other 
areas as well. Last week we were dis-cussing the big water bill for a long pe-riod of time. Historically—always in this country—the control of water has been under State jurisdiction, and if it is under State jurisdiction, the only ex-ception was navigable waters. About 5 years ago, there was an effort by a Sen-ator from Wisconsin and a Representa-tive Oberstar from Minnesota to try to pass legislation that would take the word ‘‘navigable’’ out, and that would have meant that everything would go from the States back to the Federal Government. Not only did we defeat those bills, but both the Senator and House Member were defeated at the next election in 2010. 
The American people have caught on, 
and the summit is going to go forward, and I can assure my colleagues that we will have a big delegation from the United States of America at the sum-mit and will talk about what America is going to do. Again, they are trying to do it through regulation. They tried to do the water rule legislatively, but they couldn’t do it. So now the Presi-dent is trying to do it with a rule. We have gone through this with ozone and other things. We will be faced with this, and clearly the President’s agree-ment is about his legacy more than promoting a policy that is in the best interest of the American people. Amer-icans need to not only question a 
science that is not settled, but a policy that is being used to appease inter-nationalists at the cost of America’s future prosperity. 
We have gone through this now for 
quite a while—I would say for the last 18 years or so. The problem we are hav-ing—and I see a lot of the young people here—is that so many of the young people actually believe this stuff. One of the reasons they believe it is that they are taught it. 
This is a terrible confession for me to 
make. I have 20 kids and grandkids, and one of them—I won’t say which one—when she was in sixth or seventh grade came to me and said: Pop-I—the ‘‘I’’ is for I
NHOFE —why is it that you 
don’t understand global warming? 
I said: Honey, show me why you are 
asking. She showed me the propaganda coming from the EPA and going through our school system. It is incred-ible. 
In spite of that, the facts are there, 
and it is not going to work any more this time than it did during the 21 last visits. 
With that, I will yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS BILL  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, Vet-
erans Day is approaching on Wednes-day, and as the Presiding Officer knows, this is a very important day across the country. It is certainly an important day in my State of Alaska. Alaska has a statistic—I certainly like to talk about it a lot in hearings and on the Senate floor—of having the highest number of veterans per capita than any other State in the United States. It is truly an honor to be serv-ing a State that has so many veterans who have served our country, and we look at Veterans Day as a very impor-tant and very somber day. 
We are also home to thousands of ac-
tive duty military members and reserv-ists—in large part because of our stra-tegic location in Alaska. 
I was home, like a lot of Members of 
the Senate, this past weekend, and in Alaska we are already beginning to cel-ebrate Veterans Day in churches, com-munity halls, private homes, and pa-rades. This weekend I had the honor of attending a few of these events. I went to a parade in Anchorage and a wonder-ful church service yesterday. It is so moving to see and hear from all of our veterans. Again, I had the opportunity to do that this weekend. I met with World War II veterans—the ‘‘greatest generation’’—Korean War, Vietnam, Iraq, Afghanistan, and Cold War vet-erans. 
I went to a number of these events 
and an issue came up—an issue that I think is important for this body to know about since our constituents are asking about it: What the heck is going on in Washington, DC, where Senators are filibustering the funding of our troops? What is going on? It is a good question. It confirms something that I think a lot of us sometimes forget. We 
look at the procedural maneuvers here on the Senate floor—filibusters, block-ing funding for our troops—and some-times we think that the American peo-ple aren’t watching. Well, they are watching, and our troops are watching. Not only are our troops at home watch-ing, but importantly, our troops over-seas who are literally risking their lives during this Veterans Day week, protecting our Nation, protecting us, and protecting our security. They are watching and so are their families. 
When Members of this body decide to 
block funding for our troops, known as the Defense appropriations bill, the people know it. They especially know it when it has happened on this floor not once, not twice, but three times. The minority leader on the other side of the aisle has decided to filibuster our troops three times in terms of their funding. What is really amazing about that is that bill came out of the Appro-priations Committee with a huge bipar-tisan majority. The legislation to sup-port our troops is very bipartisan. So, why? I was asked this back home. I truly could not provide a coherent an-swer for the veterans, for their families or for our troops. 
I have heard a number of reasons on 
the Senate floor as this was being de-bated. I believe the minority leader said it was a waste of time. I guarantee my colleagues that the vast majority of Americans don’t agree with him on that. I heard something about Repub-lican tricks with regard to the budget deal. 
I just don’t know why we would fili-
buster the Defense appropriations bill that funds our troops three times, in-cluding one time last week. I wish the minority leader would come to the floor and give a simple answer for why he insists on continually filibustering funding for our troops during the week of Veterans Day and, more impor-tantly, when thousands—thousands—of young American men and women are risking their lives right now—right now—defending this Nation overseas. 
Some people are starting to fear that 
Members of this body are not making our troops the highest priority. They are starting to fear that we are not concerned about the welfare of our troops and our Nation’s security. Now, I don’t believe that is the case. I have the honor of sitting on the Veterans Affairs Committee. I also serve on the Armed Services Committee, and I be-lieve that is a very bipartisan com-mittee, where everybody is focused on our national security and our troops. As a matter of fact, I talked to a re-porter last week and told her how on the Armed Services Committee so many Members on both sides of the aisle come together and focus. 
We have veterans in this country who 
still carry scars of their military serv-ice who were not supported by the pub-lic, who were not supported by the Con-gress. In particular, many of our vet-erans who served in Vietnam came 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Nov 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09NO6.014 S09NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7851 November 9, 2015 
home and were ridiculed. They were 
not treated well. They were spit on. We can never ever go back to that shame-ful period of American history—never. 
This week we have important work 
to do on these issues. We have a Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Affairs appropriations bill we will be voting on in the next few days. Again, that bill was previously filibustered. I don’t know why, but it looks as though we are going to move forward on that. We have a defense authorization bill, which is hugely important for the men and women of our military. It was ve-toed by the President. Again, it is not clear why the President vetoed it. We are going to take that up again. 
The bottom line is this: enough play-
ing politics with our troops, their fami-lies, and our national security. It is time to come together during this week, of all weeks—the week of Vet-erans Day—to come together in a bi-partisan way on these important bills that we are taking up this week to sup-port our troops, to support our vet-erans, to support our national defense in the finest tradition of this body, in the finest tradition of the U.S. Senate. Filibustering the Defense appropria-tions bill three times is not in the fin-est tradition of this body. We need to move beyond that. Doing so this week—the week of Veterans Day—will send an important message to the American people that we know what the highest responsibility of the Con-gress is. It is to defend this Nation and to take care of the troops and the vet-erans who have sacrificed and whom we honor this week. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator have Illinois. 
Mr. KIRK. Mr. President, I come to 
the floor to urge support by the Senate for the 2016 MILCON–VA appropria-tions bill. 
Last year this bill’s funding for our 
veterans was $65 billion and it is now $71.2 billion. That is a $6.2 billion in-crease over last year. The President re-quested $70.1 billion for fiscal year 2016. This bill provides $1.1 billion more than the President’s request for this upcom-ing legislation. 
Last week we agreed to debate this 
bill by an overwhelming vote of 93 to 0. We have record-level funding to fix the disability claims backlog at the VA in this bill. There are new protections for whistleblowers, doctors, and nurses at the VA who are protected when they report patient abuse. This bill protects the protectors of our veterans. 
With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business for 5 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Kansas is recog-
nized for up to 5 minutes. 
Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I truly 
appreciate that from the Presiding Of-ficer. 
40TH ANNIVERSARY OF AMERICAN AGRI -WOMEN  
Mr. President, today I wish to recog-
nize the American Agri-Women who are celebrating their 40th anniversary this year. The American Agri-Women officially began in November of 1971, with the Kansas Agri-Women one of the earliest State groups. Forty years later, the American Agri-Women have grown to represent tens of thousands of women involved in all aspects of agri-culture in all 50 States. 
It is rather amazing that membership 
includes women of all ages from many different professions within the agri-culture industry. These talented women are farmers, ranchers, and con-sumers; they are students, account-ants, educators, marketers, managers, researchers, and even elected officials, among many others. 
It is impossible to list all of the ac-
complishments these hard-working women have achieved for the agri-culture industry over the last four dec-ades, but perhaps their biggest success has been initiating the national Agri-culture in the Classroom Initiative—a program that continues to be widely implemented in schools all over the country to educate children on modern agriculture. 
Throughout the year, the Agri- 
Women have been engaging in their ‘‘Drive across America’’ tour—a road trip across the country to spread the word of the vital role women play in agriculture. Their drive ended last week in Maine, where they hold their annual convention. 
During this tour, they also educated 
consumers on all the challenges that farmers and ranchers face and high-lighted the role the United States plays in the global food system. 
I have had the opportunity to meet 
with many of these women and discuss the work of the agriculture committee during their stop in their trip to Wash-ington. They met with many members of the committee and many others in-terested in agriculture. I hope all of my colleagues will join me in celebrating the last 40 years of American Agri- Women and the hard work of all of the women in our agriculture community, without whom the United States would 
be unable to provide the highest qual-ity food, fuel, and fiber domestically and around a very troubled and hungry world. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Montana. 
Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, the 
MILCON–VA Subcommittee bill that we will be taking up over the next day or so is critically important not only for our military from a readiness standpoint but also for our veterans. We are approaching Veterans Day this Wednesday. I hope we are able to put politics 
aside on this bill and do what is right not only for the military but for the men and women who have served this country in the military. If there are amendments that folks have, I would ask that they bring them to the man-agers as quickly as possible so we can go to work on them and clear them, if possible, and if not, push them off for another day. 
This is really an important piece of 
legislation. We continually talk about conflicts around the world and we con-tinually send our men and women there, with no argument from them. They do a job we are all very proud of: protecting the freedoms of this coun-try. The second half of that story is making sure we do right by them when they come back home. That is what this bill is about—doing right for our veterans when they come back into ci-vilian society again. 
With that, I encourage the Members 
of this body to break from what we tra-ditionally do; that is, play politics with a lot of things, and do what is right for our men and women who serve, our vet-erans, and for our military from a read-iness standpoint in the bill within the MILCON component. 
With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT  
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, we are 
in the beginning stages of open enroll-ment for the Affordable Care Act, which extends through January 31, 2016. I wanted to briefly come to the floor today to make sure the body knows that over the course of the next 2
1⁄2months their constituents will have 
an opportunity to save hundreds if not thousands of dollars by shopping around and finding the most affordable plan available to them but to also make everyone aware that despite the overwhelming success of the Affordable Care Act—the uninsured rate in this country has dropped by 30 percent since its inception only a few years ago—there are still some who have not gone onto the exchanges and found a plan that can bring them into the ranks of those who now have affordable 
insurance for the first time. 
This is an important period for peo-
ple across this country, but it is also a moment for us to reflect on what has happened over the course of the last 2 years, especially given all of those who were naysayers, all those who pre-dicted the country would fall apart or at the very least the health care econ-omy would fall apart after the passage of the Affordable Care Act. Of course, the exact opposite has happened. 
We have seen a dramatic reduction in 
the number of people who don’t have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Nov 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09NO6.016 S09NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7852 November 9, 2015 
insurance. We have seen people be able 
to gain enormous savings on the amount of money they spend on health care. 
We have seen the amount of money 
the Federal Government spends on health care dramatically reduced—a $1.2 trillion savings over the baseline when the ACA was passed, the amount of money the Federal Government is projecting to save over a 10-year period of time. 
We have seen quality get better. Indi-
cators—from hospital readmissions to infection rates—are all going in posi-tive trendlines because, of course, the Affordable Care Act isn’t just about getting people access to affordable care, it is also about transforming our payment system away from one that just bases our reimbursement system on the amount of medicine practiced to one that is actually rewarding the quality and outcomes that are gleaned as a part of our health care system. 
It is a triple whammy. More people 
have access to affordable care; we are spending less money than we had planned to spend, by dramatic num-bers, from the Federal perspective; and we are getting better quality out-comes. 
Lots of us have ideas about how we 
can improve the Affordable Care Act, and we hope that with the legislative fights behind us and with the judicial fights largely behind us, we can now focus on ways to perfect this law. But there is no question that it is returning enormous benefits to people across this country. 
Here is just another quick way to 
look at it. As shown here, this is the percentage of uninsured by county across the country. Here is 2013. You can see that in almost every county, we have north of 16 percent uninsured. But look how quickly these numbers change. Look how quickly almost every county, at least in the sort of vast swath of territory from the North-west across to the Northeast, moves down to 2015, where we have majority sections of the country with close to 10 percent uninsured—a 30-percent na-tional reduction in the number of peo-ple without insurance. We still have these big gaps where people are in the coverage gap, people who are making so little money that they don’t qualify for Medicaid but also can’t get into the subsidies, but this is enormous progress all across the country. We can make more progress, and a lot of that comes through consumers being edu-cated during this open enrollment pe-riod as to the choices in front of them. 
Here are some stunning numbers. 
Eighty-six percent of current enroll-ees—people who are on Affordable Care Act plans today—can find a lower pre-mium plan at the same level before tax credits by returning to the market-place to shop for coverage. If every consumer in the country went back and shopped for the lowest cost pre-mium plan at the same level, the total savings across the country would be $4.5 billion. The average consumer— 
let’s say you bought a silver plan last year and you decided to shop for a bet-ter deal this year—can save about $52 a month. That results in a savings of about $625 a year. So shopping can save you money. 
You might be satisfied with your 
plan—and the satisfaction numbers are pretty remarkable. Seventy-five per-
cent of people who are on the exchange today report being wholly satisfied with their plan, which is, frankly, a higher satisfaction level than for those who are on private insurance outside of the exchanges. But even if you are sat-isfied, go back and look at the plans that are available to you. You can find a plan that will get you the same cov-erage for lower costs. Let’s make sure people are getting that return on their investment. 
The good news is that there is more 
choice out there than ever before. Every year since the inception of the Affordable Care Act, plans have been added to these State-based and Federal exchanges. The average number of issuers on an exchange was 8 in 2013 and then 9 in 2014 and then 10 in 2015. So choice for the average consumer is increasing. Now, there are certain areas in which choices maybe stayed the same or maybe in some areas choices have been reduced, but on aver-age across the country, you have more choices today than you did before, so there is no excuse not to go back out and try to find a plan that saves you some money. 
In Connecticut, we are probably the 
poster child for effective implementa-tion of the Affordable Care Act. We are a small State. We have a congressional delegation of only five in the House of Representatives. Yet we have had 700,000 Connecticut residents who have obtained health insurance through the Affordable Care Act, either on the ex-change or on Medicaid. We have gone from an 8-percent uninsured rate—so we were already on the low end—down to a 3.8-percent uninsured rate. That is a remarkable number over the course of just a few years. We only have so much progress we can make when we have under 4 percent uninsured, but we have a goal of putting 10 to 20,000 peo-ple on the Affordable Care Act over the course of this open enrollment period. 
Nationally, because we have made so 
much progress, the goals are going to be modest compared to years past as well, but the point of coming down to the floor today is to say that at this point in the implementation, when we have made such great progress, we want to continue to try to kick down the uninsured rate. But the real benefit in open enrollment is going to come not simply by reducing the number of people without insurance but by mak-ing sure that everybody is on the plan that best represents their financial and medical needs. Again, that number— across the country, $4.5 billion could be saved between now and the end of Jan-uary—is pretty remarkable. This Senator has been on the floor a 
number of times, along with my col-leagues, to talk about the simple premise that despite all of those who have been rooting for the Affordable Care Act to fail, it has worked. It has worked from an empirical basis and an anecdotal basis. The statistics don’t lie. There are dramatic reductions in the number of people without insur-ance, dramatic reductions in the pace of health care inflation, and dramatic improvement in the quality of medi-cine being practiced across the coun-try. 
We all have stories of individuals 
from our State whose lives have been transformed by this act. There are par-ents who no longer have to worry about their children being locked into a fu-ture dictated by their illness, cancer patients who now know they are going to be able to have access to an afford-able product and will never be denied access to health care just because of their illness, and taxpayers who see a trajectory of health care spending that is not going to bankrupt this country as fast as it would have had we not put changes inside this act. 
So open enrollment is open until Jan-
uary 31, 2016. I encourage all my Re-publican and Democratic colleagues to get the word out about this. Everyone has constituents who can benefit. Whether or not you support the Afford-able Care Act, it is the law of the land and your constituents can benefit from it. We should all be out there talking about the potential for our constitu-ents collectively to save almost $5 bil-lion if they shop on Affordable Care Act exchanges between now and the end of January. 
Thank you. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nomination, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read the nomi-
nation of Scott Allen, of Maryland, to be United States Director of the Euro-pean Bank for Reconstruction and De-velopment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Allen nomination? 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask 
for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Nov 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09NO6.018 S09NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7853 November 9, 2015 
There is a sufficient second. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ), the Senator 
from Louisiana (Mr. C ASSIDY ), the Sen-
ator from Mississippi (Mr. C OCHRAN ), 
the Senator from Texas (Mr. C RUZ), the 
Senator from Arizona (Mr. F LAKE ), the 
Senator from Colorado (Mr. G ARDNER ), 
the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H ELLER ), 
the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI ), the Senator from Kentucky 
(Mr. P AUL), the Senator from Florida 
(Mr. R UBIO), the Senator from Lou-
isiana (Mr. V ITTER ), and the Senator 
from Mississippi (Mr. W ICKER ). 
Further, if present and voting, the 
Senator from Colorado (Mr. G ARDNER ) 
would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR ), the Senator from Missouri 
(Mrs. M CCASKILL ), the Senator from 
Maryland (Ms. M IKULSKI ), the Senator 
from Vermont (Mr. S ANDERS ), and the 
Senator from Michigan (Ms. S TABENOW ) 
are necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. I SAK-
SON). Are there any other Senators in 
the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 83, 
nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 300 Ex.] 
YEAS—83 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Coats Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein 
Fischer Franken Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murphy Murray 
Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Sullivan Tester 
Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—17 
Blunt 
Cassidy Cochran Cruz Flake Gardner Heller 
Klobuchar McCaskill Mikulski Murkowski Paul Rubio 
Sanders Stabenow Vitter Wicker 
The nomination was confirmed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume legislative session. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND 
VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016—Continued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 2772 AND 2766 TO AMENDMENT  
NO. 2763 
Mr. KIRK. Mr. President, the ranking 
member and I have a small package of amendments that have been cleared by both sides. 
I ask unanimous consent that the fol-
lowing amendments be called up, re-ported by number, and the Senate vote on the amendments en bloc: Shaheen No. 2772 and Heller No. 2766. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the amend-
ments by number. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Montana [Mr. T ESTER ], 
for Mrs. S HAHEEN , proposes an amendment 
numbered 2772 to amendment No. 2763. 
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. K IRK], for 
Mr. H ELLER , proposes an amendment num-
bered 2766 to amendment No. 2763. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 2772 
(Purpose: To require the Comptroller Gen-
eral of the United States to conduct audits relating to the timely access of veterans to hospital care, medical services, and other health care from the Department of Vet-erans Affairs) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
S
EC. lll . The Comptroller General of the 
United States shall conduct random, periodic audits of medical facilities of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs and the Veterans Integrated Service Networks to assess whether such facilities and Networks are complying with all standards imposed by law or by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs with respect to the timely access of veterans to hospital care, medical services, and other health care from the Department. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2766 
(Purpose: To prohibit the use of funds to 
transfer amounts from the Filipino Vet-erans Equity Compensation Fund to any other account in the Treasury of the United States) 
At the end of title II, add the following: 
S
EC. 247. None of the amounts appropriated 
or otherwise made available by this title may be used to transfer any amount from the Filipino Veterans Equity Compensation Fund to any other account in the Treasury of the United States. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there 
is no further debate, the question oc-curs on agreeing to the amendments en bloc. 
The amendments (Nos. 2772 and 2766) 
were agreed to en bloc. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. KIRK. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Connecticut. 
f 
MILCON–VA APPROPRIATIONS BILL 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
thank Senators K IRKand T ESTER for 
their bipartisan leadership on a meas-ure that is vastly improved since the vote we had on a similar measure re-cently. I know this topic is very close to the heart of the Presiding Officer, and I thank him for his leadership as chairman of the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. It is truly a tremendous challenge that we are working step by step to address. 
About a month ago, I came to the 
floor to help raise serious concerns about the funding levels in the MILCON–VA appropriations bill that we are now addressing because it con-tained serious, egregious shortfalls. As a result, I could not support it. Vet-erans in Connecticut as recently as this weekend asked me how and why I could vote against a measure that pro-vided funding for the VA. My answer is: It wasn’t enough. It wasn’t good enough. It failed to do the job. 
This measure, fortunately, is a pro-
foundly important step toward address-ing the needs of our veterans and keep-ing faith with them, making sure that we leave no veteran behind. This new version provides what many of us have been fighting to achieve—real help for our veterans. 
We are about to consider an amend-
ment that would restore much needed funding to the Department of Veterans Affairs. The Kirk-Tester amendment provides a much needed increase in funding for the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, bringing full funding to that agency—$71.2 billion. That amount is $2 billion more—to be pre-cise, $1.97 billion—over the previous re-ported bill, which will supplement the VA’s medical services. This additional funding is not window dressing. It is not a convenience or a luxury. It will allow the VA to more appropriately ac-count for treating hepatitis C, sup-porting the family caregiver program, and providing care in the community. Demand for care from the VA has con-tinued to grow in recent months, and I will continue with my colleagues and with the Department to ensure that the VA is spending the funds in an ap-propriate manner, with integrity and responsiveness, to provide high quality, timely health care to our veterans. 
This bill also fully funds the oper-
ation of the VA Benefits Administra-tion. The VBA has been plagued by problems, some of them attributable to underfunding, and this amount at $2.69 billion will facilitate the trans-formation from a paper-based claims process to a digital one. It will allow the VA to hire hundreds of new claims processors, speeding and streamlining the system so that veterans receive the benefits they have earned and are spared the rigamarole and redtape that has so often produced a backlog. 
Recognizing increased demands, the 
bill also provides an increase of $20 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Nov 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09NO6.019 S09NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7854 November 9, 2015 
million for funding VA-State extended 
care facilities. It provides $20 million in rural health care funding specifi-cally for construction grants, meeting the needs of State extended care homes in rural areas. We are demonstrating here how the VA can partner with States to flexibly and efficiently de-liver long-term care to an aging popu-lation—like other segments of our pop-ulation, the VA beneficiaries are aging—sparing them the time and ex-pense of constructing and operating new VA facilities. 
I have also filed important amend-
ments to improve the provision of health care and research at the VA, en-suring that the VA is providing gender- specific prostheses, for example—par-ticularly important as we see more and more women serve in combat zones—as well as ensuring that VA research dol-lars are spent in areas of toxic expo-sures. These priorities ought to be at the top of the list for all. They are for me. 
VA continues to have a significant 
need for resources and personnel. Sec-retary McDonald indicated just last Friday that the agency continues to need about 4,300 more physicians and 10,000 nurses. I am working with the VA on legislation to meet this need. I look forward to working with my col-league, the Presiding Officer, as well as the Appropriations Committee to ad-dress these priorities and others that are so critically important to final pas-sage of this important bill. 
f 
CONDEMNING PALESTINIAN TER-
ROR ATTACKS AGAINST ISRAEL 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, 
since the beginning of October, Pal-estinians armed with knives, meat cleavers, guns, and cars have carried out approximately 77 attacks, leaving 159 Israelis wounded and 12 dead. Two Americans have been killed in these gruesome attacks, including Richard Lakin, who was a Glastonbury, CT, ele-mentary school principal and civil rights activist before he moved to Israel in 1984. Connecticut grieves for our dear friend and colleague to our educators there, who perished while seeking peace. That was his goal. That was his mission. 
The Palestinian Authority must be 
held accountable for incitement, and it must work to stem this tide of visceral violence. Repeated, reprehensible at-tacks on innocent Israeli civilians fol-low President Abbas’ dangerous dis-avowal of commitments made during the peace process. He has disavowed those commitments, and he has re-nounced them. These attacks must be stopped with leadership from the Pales-tinian Authority. 
That is why I have introduced bipar-
tisan legislation with Senator A
YOTTE , 
and more than half the Senate has now joined with us to stand with Israel, to condemn these Palestinian terror at-tacks, and to reaffirm Israel’s commit-ment to the continued maintenance of the status quo on the Temple Mount. I 
look forward to returning to the floor to have this resolution passed. It is time the Senate spoke out over this vi-olence that has engulfed Israel and threatens everyday Israelis trying to live their normal lives in peace. It is time for America to speak out, as it is doing now, day in and day out. 
I have visited Jerusalem, Israel’s cap-
ital, and seen how remarkable a place it is, both in terms of being home to three monotheistic faiths and in the re-markable way that Israel has main-tained respect and proper access for all religions and for their practices. 
Israel stands alone as a nation com-
mitted to tolerance and respect for all faiths. This resolution serves as an ex-pression of our support and our soli-darity with Israel in bringing this vio-lence to an end and as our resolve to help stabilize security for both Pal-estinians and Israelis. 
I have said before—and I feel more 
passionately and deeply now than ever before—that Palestinian political goals will never be achieved through vio-lence. As efforts to deescalate this situ-ation move forward—and I support them—this resolution calls on all par-ties to return to the negotiating table immediately and without pre-conditions. Israel is already committed to peace negotiations without pre-conditions. I continue to support a two-state solution that is acceptable to all parties, involving direct negotia-tions with the active and sustained support of the United States and the international community. 
My hope also is that the United 
States will continue to support Israel by reaffirming our unshakeable com-mitment to Israel’s security. Today, President Obama met with Prime Min-ister Netanyahu. I hope that meeting will serve to bolster the bonds between our two great countries. I understand it went well. I certainly hope it did. 
I joined Senator B
ENNET , along with 
14 other Senators, in writing to the President and urging him to prioritize discussing with Mr. Netanyahu the his-toric renewal of the Memorandum of Understanding on U.S. Military Assist-ance to help Israel prepare for, respond to, and defend against threats that are more pressing and dangerous than ever, and to ensure its qualitative military edge. 
I note that my wonderful friend and 
colleague from Illinois is waiting to speak, so I will end here and say that the current MOU provides $30 billion in assistance to Israel through fiscal year 2018. 
As threats in the region continue to 
evolve, including Iran’s potentially malign influence, the administration must engage at the highest level to continue to develop a shared under-standing of threats confronting Israel by strengthening the MOU that serves as the foundation of our bilateral secu-rity efforts. 
I will always fight to uphold Israel’s 
security, and I am committed to oppos-ing efforts to delegitimize Israel. We 
can stand together on a bipartisan basis, and this cause must always be bipartisan, must always be above poli-tics. I will continue to work toward en-suring that the partnership in this body and the partnership between the United States and Israel is strength-ened and enduring. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, first, let 
me thank my colleague from Con-necticut, Senator B
LUMENTHAL . I join 
him in condemning the violence that is taking place in the streets of the Mid-dle East and Jerusalem and other places. I also join him in calling for a two-state solution so that we can have both the Palestinian people and the people of Israel living safely and se-curely without fear of any kind of mili-tary action from one against the other. That should be our ultimate goal, and we should renew that goal regularly. I join him in what he had to say. 
f 
IMMIGRATION REFORM 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, on an-
other topic, you can’t serve in the Sen-ate without some level of patience. It takes forever to get things done around here—that is, the big things. 
Fifteen years ago, I introduced a bill 
called the DREAM Act. That was 15 years ago, the year 2000. What were we going to do with these young people who came to the United States— brought here as babies, infants, tod-dlers, children—when they finished high school and were looking to the fu-ture? The DREAM Act said that if they have no serious criminal issues, if they have finished school, we will give them a chance—a chance to work their way toward legal status and citizenship. 
I introduced that bill 15 years ago. It 
has had its ups and downs. At times it has passed in the House; other times it has passed in the Senate. We have never been able to align those two bod-ies to pass the bill at the same time. 
It was June 27, 2013—almost 2
1⁄2years 
ago—when it last passed in the Senate. It was part of comprehensive immigra-tion reform. Sixty-eight Senators voted for that bill—14 Republicans and 54 Democrats. It was a bipartisan bill, comprehensive immigration reform. 
We took the bill and sent it to the 
Republican-controlled House of Rep-resentatives, and they refused to call the bill or even debate it on the floor of the House of Representatives. It was frustrating. A group of us had worked for months to put that bill together. The House would not even consider it, wouldn’t even debate it, didn’t offer an alternative. They were silent. Vir-tually all of them were silent but not every one of them. 
This was a historic meeting in the 
city of Chicago. These two gentlemen are my friends, one my colleague from Illinois, Congressman L
UISGUTIE´RREZ , 
and the other the new Speaker of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:34 Nov 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09NO6.021 S09NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7855 November 9, 2015 
House of Representatives, Congressman 
PAUL RYAN from Janesville, WI. They 
appeared at a famous setting in Chi-cago, the City Club, and talked about immigration. Let me read what Con-gressman P
AULRYAN said as a visitor 
joining Congressman G UTIE´RREZ in 
2013: 
We all must acknowledge that we have an 
immigration system that’s broken. It is not serving our interest as a nation. Our broken immigration system does not serve our na-tional security interests. Our broken immi-gration system does not serve our economic security interests. Our broken immigration system does not serve our family interests. 
Congressman R YANwent on to say: 
And so, when Republicans and Democrats 
look at this situation and see something that’s broken, we need to fix it. We have to offer people a path to earned legalization. We have to invite people to come out of the shadows. 
That was an extraordinary state-
ment. It was heralded not just in Chi-cago but around the country as a state-ment that a leader would make trying to lead his party into a positive view toward immigration reform. It was a statement made by Congressman P
AUL 
RYAN in the year 2013. I applauded it, 
praised it. Many of us did. 
But now we have another statement 
by the new Speaker of the House, P AUL 
RYAN. He has basically said that the 
Republicans are going to do nothing— nothing on immigration. He says he can’t trust the President, and as long as he can’t trust the President, he is going to do nothing as the new Repub-lican leader of the House. So he is going to consider absolutely no legisla-tion to fix our broken immigration sys-tem. 
Why did President Obama take the 
actions that he did, creating a program known as the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA? It was the President’s response to the failure of Republican leaders in the House to even consider the issue of immigration. 
What is DACA? DACA is a program 
created by Executive order that gives to these young people who qualified as DREAMers temporary status in the United States so they cannot be de-ported. They have to come forward, submit themselves for a criminal back-ground check, pay a fee, and be mon-itored. If they should get in trouble, commit a crime, they are gone, they are deported. So far, 700,000 of these young people have come forward as part of the DACA Program. 
The House Republicans have tried to 
stop the program, eliminate the pro-gram. I assume that, like some can-didates for President, they want to de-port all these young people. That is un-fortunate because many of these young people who now have at least tem-porary protection by DACA are doing some absolutely extraordinary things. I would like to talk about one of them this evening. 
This young lady’s name is Maricela 
Aguilar. She is from Speaker R
YAN’s 
home State of Wisconsin. In 1995, when Maricela was 3 years old, her mother brought her to the United States to 
give her a better life. Maricela’s family settled in Milwaukee, WI. She worked hard and excelled in school. During high school, Maricela was on the honor roll, was a member of the National Honor Society, and was captain of the cross-country team. At the same time, she was active in her community; she was a volunteer at a homeless shelter. 
When it came time to apply for col-
leges, she wanted to stay close to her family. She wanted to stay in Speaker R
YAN’s home State of Wisconsin. She 
applied to a lot of schools. She was of-fered a full tuition scholarship to Mar-quette University in Milwaukee. That is an extraordinary school. My son went there, so I am partial, but it is an extraordinary school because it gave her a chance. 
Keep in mind that this young lady, 
because she is undocumented, doesn’t qualify for any government assist-ance—none. Sacrifices had to be made by her family and others to help her go to Marquette. She went there. She was on the dean’s list, double major—polit-ical science and English literature. She worked part time as a waitress to make ends meet to pay for her college expenses. She became involved in advo-cating for immigration reform. 
In 2010 Maricela was here in the Sen-
ate Gallery along with hundreds of other DREAMers when the Senate failed to pass the DREAM Act due to a Republican filibuster. We got a major-ity of votes; we couldn’t get 60. 
I met with Maricela in 2011 when she 
came to Washington to talk about her concerns about DREAMers just like herself who faced deportation. 
In 2012 Maricela graduated with hon-
ors, in the top 10 percent of her grad-uating class at Marquette in Mil-waukee, WI. 
Later that year President Obama cre-
ated the deferred action plan that gave her and hundreds of thousands of oth-ers a chance to stay and not be de-ported. She was able to apply and go to graduate school at Brandeis University in Boston. She continues to work on immigration reform and is a leader of the Student Immigration Movement of Massachusetts. 
She is going to return to Milwaukee 
when she graduates, she promises. She wants to become a public school teach-er so she can use her education to help young people in the city where she grew up. She is a loyal Wisconsinite, a loyal member of the Milwaukee com-munity. 
I would say to Speaker R
YAN: She 
wants to be a part of your State for the rest of her life. 
Maricela and other DREAMers have 
so much to give America. Can we use more public school teachers with her talent? Of course we can. But Speaker R
YAN and other Republican leaders in 
Congress have made their agenda clear: They want to shut down this program and tell Maricela she can’t stay to con-tinue her education. They want to de-port her to her country, which she hasn’t been to since she was 3 years old 
and has no memory of it. She would be deported to Mexico, a place she may have experienced as a toddler but can’t even remember. 
Will America be a stronger country, 
will Wisconsin be a better State, will Milwaukee be a better city if Maricela is now told to leave after she has ob-tained her bachelor’s degree and is working on her graduate degree? I think the answer is clear: If she stays, we will all be better for it and she will be better for it. 
Instead of deporting DREAMers like 
Maricela, Speaker P
AUL RYAN should 
support DACA and work with the Democrats to pass comprehensive im-migration reform to fix our broken im-migration system. 
f 
VETERANS DAY 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, this 
Wednesday, Americans all across the country will gather to honor all those who have fought for freedom and thank them for a debt we can never fully repay. Whenever freedom is threatened, our brave men and women of America have answered the call. 
In honor of Veterans Day on Wednes-
day, I will take a moment to recognize an amazing Illinois veteran, part of what we call the ‘‘greatest genera-tion.’’ 
It was December 7, 1941—as FDR said 
just a few steps away from us in the House Chamber, a day which will live in infamy. The Imperial Japanese forces launched a surprise attack on Pearl Harbor. That also happened to be the 22nd birthday of Tony Gargano, and it was the day he decided he would en-list in the U.S. Navy. Tony was as-signed to a ship disguised as a mer-chant marine vessel. He and his ship-mates didn’t wear Navy uniforms or carry IDs, and their ship had no guns. 
In November of 1942, a German ship— 
also disguised as a merchant vessel— sank the ship Tony was on. Tony sur-vived and was taken as a prisoner aboard the German ship. Then he was turned over to the Japanese, where he spent the next 3 years as a prisoner working in a coal mine. Every day he would come out of the mine covered head to toe with coal dust. In those 3 years, Tony never had a chance to take a shower, never could wash his hands— 3 years. He worked more than 10 hours a day on less than 8 ounces of water and 6 ounces of spoiled rice. 
Here is how he described his experi-
ence: 
They torture you. They beat the hell out of 
us. You’d try to get up and they’d beat you back to the ground. You prayed to God they would kill you. 
By the time the war was over and the 
Red Cross arrived, Tony couldn’t be-lieve he was still alive. After he arrived in the United States, they quarantined him for weeks. He couldn’t even call 
his family to tell them he was alive. But he made it, and he came home. 
Now fast-forward 70 years. Tony is 95 
years old. He marvels at his good for-tune. After the war, he came home and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:34 Nov 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09NO6.023 S09NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7856 November 9, 2015 
married Julia Elliot, the love of his 
life. They worked 6 days a week. He was maitre d’ at Elliot’s Pine Log Res-taurant in Skokie, IL. He watched his son and daughter grow up and enjoyed the arrival of five grandchildren and five great-grandchildren. What a life. 
Last month Tony Gargano came to 
Washington with the Honor Flight. He visited the White House and the World War II Memorial. He shared his story with the Veterans History Project at the Library of Congress. They asked him: ‘‘What do you think of when you look back on your life?’’ 
Here is what Tony said: 
Everything turned out pretty good. I met a 
nice, young lady. We got married, and spent 60 beautiful years together. I have no com-plaints. 
Isn’t that an amazing statement for a 
man who served 3 years as a prisoner of war and was nearly killed in the effort. The joys of Tony’s life have outshined the horrors of that war. If you ask Tony if he is a hero, he says: 
There were others who had it much worse. 
The people we should honor are the ones where the white crosses are. Those are your heroes. 
Tony is right, but Tony is a hero too. 
Tony Gargano faced an unspeakable evil with grace, courage, and deter-mination. He lived his life with love in his heart, and that makes him, even to this day, a true American hero. 
It is the service and sacrifice of peo-
ple like Tony we will continue to honor not just on Veterans Day this Wednes-day, but we should honor them every day. Too often servicemembers return home only to find themselves facing a myriad of challenges, from the phys-ical and mental wounds of war to struggling to find work, an education or a home. We can’t simply commemo-rate their service by waving our flags, marching in their parade, and then for-getting them. We have to ensure that veterans and their families have access to the best health care, education, jobs, and housing. 
I have been committed to this effort, 
and I have one program I am particu-larly proud to have been a part of. It is called the VA Caregivers Program. It provides the families of severely dis-abled Iraq and Afghanistan War vet-erans the support they need to keep the veterans home with their families. Thousands of veterans and their care-givers in Illinois and nationwide par-ticipate. It is a big, successful program. I recently introduced legislation to ex-pand it so it covers all veterans. 
We know veterans face unnecessary 
delays and claims, processing and re-imbursement, and I have worked hard to cut down on that backlog. I have also tried to make our VA hospitals and medical centers in Illinois and across the country the best. It is the new method of medical service being provided to our veterans, and it has to be the best. 
I have been proud to sponsor bills to 
strengthen post-traumatic stress dis-order for veterans and their families as well as improve orthotics and pros-
thetics research and education. I have been proud to help veterans get homes and jobs. For example, just this year the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development and U.S. Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs awarded more than $674,000 in grants to assist home-less veterans in my State through a tenant-based voucher program. 
Let me say a word about a program I 
visited just this last week in Chicago, which is an extraordinary program. The program is called Rags of Honor. It was created by my friend Mark Doyle. He wanted to do something to create good-paying jobs for homeless vet-erans, and so he decided to print T- shirts and hired homeless veterans to do it. It is on its third year now, and my friend has basically underwritten it, but the fact is, it is a success. 
These men and women who were liv-
ing in their cars or living on the streets now have good-paying jobs making T-shirts. These T-shirts are all made by veterans, some of whom were homeless. These are all American prod-ucts, all American made, and they are selling them and people are buying them. Northwestern University decided they would turn to them and have them print T-shirts for some of their needs at the university. I have used Rags of Honor T-shirts in my cam-paign. It is an example of what can be done to help our veterans—just by one man who was willing to dedicate a big part of his life to do it, and there are so many more like him. 
I wish to thank all of those who have 
risked and given of themselves—even the families of those who have given their lives for this Nation—and for the wounds they suffered, the sacrifices they made, and the freedoms we enjoy which they secured. We remember and honor the service of every American veteran, not only at the eleventh hour of the eleventh day of the eleventh month but every day of the year, be-cause even though servicemembers and veterans like Tony Gargano may shy away from being labeled as heroes, they are truly of the most deserving of that honor. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CAROLYN LUCILE 
MCDONALD SHIPP 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I wish to 
honor a native Utahn and dear friend on the occasion of her 80th birthday. 
Carolyn Lucile McDonald Shipp was 
born on December 5, 1935, in the L.D.S. hospital in Salt Lake City, UT. She is the first living child born to Andrew Melvin and Lucile McDonald. She is 
the sister to three brothers, two de-ceased, and two sisters, one deceased. She was born in the midst of the Great Depression and lived through the ra-tioning in World War II. The Utah she grew up in was very rural. The only thing between the house she was raised in and the mountains was a great gully. 
Carolyn’s family home had no TV 
until she was a teenager, but she loved listening to the radio on Sunday after-noons. Raised with a strong work ethic, daily and weekly chores were a must do before any recreation. Her home had only one bathroom for a family of seven and shared a party line telephone with four neighbors. 
Carolyn was an accomplished pianist 
and in the a capella choir, but it was dancing that gave her the greatest joy growing up. She took ballet and ex-celled at tap dancing. Carolyn was pop-ular in high school and recalls those carefree times very fondly. 
A classic beauty—many have com-
pared to the movie star Kim Novak— Carolyn was a natural at modeling and was asked to represent East High in a number of fashion shows during her senior year in high school. 
Carolyn treasured her time at East 
High in Salt Lake City and maintains strong friendships to this very day with many of her friends from that time. Her grandchildren are very im-pressed that their grandmother went to the now famous East High School of the High School Musical movie fame. 
From high school, Carolyn went to 
the University of Utah, where she pledged the Alpha Chi Omega sorority, where she was the exchange chairman responsible for planning parties. She dated athletes and majored in elemen-tary education. She recalls that, as soon as she began taking classes in ele-mentary education, she knew she was born to teach children. 
After college, Carolyn spent a sum-
mer working and playing in Hawaii and then settled in as a young teacher back in Utah. During her second year of teaching, she was introduced to Royal Shipp, who became her husband and the great love of her life. They were married in the Salt Lake City Temple. 
Carolyn has loved being married and 
has described it as ‘‘having a slumber party every night with your best friend.’’ During their early married life, Carolyn continued teaching while Royal continued his education. 
A few years after their marriage, 
Carolyn and Royal, along with their two small daughters, Becky and Kristy, moved to Virginia, so Royal could work in Washington, DC. 
The family stayed in the DC Metro 
area and added another girl, Julie, and finally a boy, Philip, to the family. The family grew up during a turbulent time in our country: the Vietnam war, Wa-tergate, and the integration of the pub-lic schools all contributed to an uneasy climate. But no matter what was going on outside the home, Carolyn and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Nov 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09NO6.024 S09NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7857 November 9, 2015 
Royal made sure their home was a safe 
and loving place. 
Carolyn was a stay-at-home mother 
until her youngest started first grade. At that time, she began to prepare for her second career, a tutor for children with learning disabilities. Carolyn worked for many years at the Potomac School in McLean, VA. 
As she raised her family, Carolyn 
held a number of stake and ward lead-ership positions in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, including Relief Society president and Young Women’s president. Her faith has al-ways been an integral part of Carolyn’s life. For many years, Carolyn and Royal have served in the Bella Vista Spanish Ward, where they are dearly loved. Carolyn also served with Royal as area humanitarian missionaries in Colombia and Venezuela. Carolyn con-tinues her service as a worker in the Washington, DC, temple. 
As a mother and a grandmother, 
Carolyn has worked to create family memories and traditions. She decorates her home for all the holidays and takes great pride in having fresh flowers, candles, lovely dishes, and table ar-rangements. Every Christmas, her grandchildren put on a Christmas pro-gram. Every Easter features an egg hunt at her home. Birthdays and other milestones are always celebrated with a special family dinner. 
Most years, Carolyn and Royal host 
the entire family for a weekly trip to the Outer Banks, NC. The family cher-ishes this time as it has contributed to lasting memories and close ties be-tween siblings and cousins alike. 
People are the treasures of Carolyn’s 
life. She relishes the company of her friends in her book club and her social group, ‘‘The Times Club.’’ She travels to Utah regularly to reconnect with her high school and college friends. 
Her 12 grandchildren are the lights of 
her life. She regularly attends school and church function featuring her grandchildren. She never misses a sin-gle one of her grandchildren’s plays or 
concerts, and she travels regularly to Kansas to see her grandchildren par-ticipate in student government activi-ties, cheerleading, and playing sports. Carolyn helps her grandchildren as they make the transition into adult-hood by supporting them on their LDS missions, foreign travel, career devel-opment, and assisting with wedding preparations. 
Carolyn Lucile McDonald Shipp is 
the embodiment of service, love, and compassion. It is a privilege to help her celebrate her 80th birthday. 
f 
WORLD WAR II HEROES AND 
HOLOCAUST SURVIVORS 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, on Tues-
day, November 11, Americans across the country will gather to honor those who have fought for our freedom and thank them for a debt we can never fully repay. 
This year marks the 97th anniversary 
of the end of World War I. Our victory in that ‘‘war to end all wars’’ showed 
us that we could not ignore the rest of the world. And as President Clinton said, ‘‘while that war proved our strength, it did not prove our wisdom. . . . We turned our backs on the rest of the world. We ignored the signs of dan-ger. Soon we had a Great Depression, and soon that depression led to aggres-sion and then to another world war— one that would claim a half million American lives.’’ 
Whenever freedom is threatened, our 
brave men and women have answered the call to serve. Today, I would like to highlight our debt to the heroes and survivors of World War II. Earlier this year, we commemorated International Holocaust Remembrance Day and paid tribute to the nearly 6 million Jews murdered by the Nazi regime. This year marks the 70th anniversary that Allied Forces entered concentration camps—like Auschwitz-Birkenau—and liberated thousands of prisoners. 
On the eve of this Veterans Day, nine 
American heroes and Holocaust sur-vivors are being honored in my home State of Illinois. Today, I want to share their remarkable stories. As the memory of the Holocaust passes from those who were there to the genera-tions that weren’t we can’t forget the importance of remembrance. 
GEN Dwight D. Eisenhower, the su-
preme commander of Allied Forces in Europe, understood this and docu-mented what he saw. After visiting a liberated Nazi camp, he urged Wash-ington to send congressional delega-tions to witness Nazi crimes firsthand so that in the future there could be no attempt to dismiss these allegations as ‘‘propaganda.’’ 
With the remaining eyewitnesses in 
their twilight years, the responsibility to ensure that future generations never forget these atrocities falls to us. I want to commend these men and women for their brave actions and quiet courage. Today, we honor their sacrifice by remembering the horrors they witnessed and proclaiming in one unified voice: ‘‘Never again.’’ I am privileged to honor them and remem-ber their stories. They are true heroes. 
I would like to acknowledge Dr. 
George Brent, Edith Stern, Margie Oppenheimer, Hannah Messinger, Wal-ter Reed, Joseph Dobryman, Lewis Pazoles, Harry Nichols, and Anthony Gargano. But behind every name is a story. I ask unanimous consent to have their stories printed in the R
ECORD . 
Our hearts break for these men and 
women who mourn their families. But while their stories agonize, they also inspire. Their lives are not just stories of survival; they are stories of triumph and grace in the face of unspeakable evil. I want to thank each of them for the courage to share their stories. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DR. GEORGE BRENT  
When George was 14 years old, he and his 
entire family were transported by cattle car to Auschwitz-Birkenau with thousands of 
other Hungarian Jews. When they arrived at the camp, those who were still alive were dragged off the cars and forced into one of two lines. An SS soldier decided whether they would go left or right. George and his father were sent one direction—to live; his mother and ten year-old brother were sent the other direction—to die. 
As the Allied Forces advanced, George was 
sent on a death march from Auschwitz and then on a coal train to Mauthausen-Ebensee Concentration Camp in Austria. On May 6, 1945, General Patton’s 3rd Army Cavalry Re-connaissance Squadron liberated the camp. Here’s how one of General Patton’s tank commanders described what he saw: ‘‘thou-sands of skeleton-like figures who were skin and bones. The living laying side by side, often times indistinguishable, from the dead.’’ George was one of the prisoners that survived. He was moved to a displaced per-sons camp and learned how to be a dental technician. In 1949, George came to America. He learned a new language and started a new life. 
In 1950, he joined the United States Air 
Force and served as a dental assistant during the Korean War. Following his service, he at-tended dental school at the University of Il-linois—and has practiced dentistry until 2011—when he retired at the age of 81. Dr. Brent not only survived these horrors, he thrived. George Brent may not have been born in America, but he is an American hero. 
EDITH STERN  
In February 1942, when Edith, 21 years old, 
and her parents were deported to the Theresienstadt Ghetto. She met and married her husband, Otto Rebenwurzel, at Theresienstadt. In 1944, not long after the wedding, Edith and her mother were sent to Auschwitz where a sign mockingly read, ‘‘Work makes you free.’’ At Auschwitz, Josef Mengele stood before them to decide their fate. Left meant survival, for a few weeks at least. Right meant death in the gas chamber. Edith’s mother was sent to her right. She was 55 years old when she died. Edith was sent to a forced labor camp. 
In 1944, while Edith was in the 
Theresienstadt Ghetto with her husband, she became pregnant. By early 1945, her preg-nancy began to show and she was transferred to the Grossschoenau labor camp. Edith was liberated from Grossschoenau when she was nine months pregnant. Still dressed in her striped blue prison uniform, she immediately went into labor. Three days after giving birth, the baby she named Peter, died. 
Edith moved to the United States in 1964 
and became an administrator at the Self Help Home on the South Side of Chicago. After living through the horrors of war, Edith’s belief in the goodness of mankind was unshakable. She devoted her life to help-ing others rebuild their lives. What an inspi-ration. 
MARGIE OPPENHEIMER  
Seventy-seven years ago, Margie awoke to 
a Nazi soldier pointing a rifle at her face— she was 14 years old. It was November 9, 1938, Kristallnacht—the night of broken glass— when Nazi soldiers coordinated attacks all over Jewish communities in Germany and Austria. Windows were smashed. Synagogues burned. Homes and Jewish-owned stores ran-sacked and looted. Margie’s family apart-ment and small department store were de-stroyed. This night began seven years of ter-ror for Margie and her family. She was sent to five concentration camps: Sloka, Riga- Kaiserwald, Bruss-Sophienwalde, Stutthof and Goddentow. As a prisoner of these camps, she hauled backbreaking cement bags, was beaten with clubs, broke concrete, laid bricks, fought hunger . . . fear . . . and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Nov 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09NO6.003 S09NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7858 November 9, 2015 
typhus. Through it all, she repeated the 
words: ‘‘I WILL be strong. I want to live.’’ 
One day at the Stutthof concentration 
camp, Margie was emaciated and unable to work. She was placed into new barracks and had the Roman numeral II scrawled on her forearm—it was a death sentence. That night, two of her friends did the unimagi-nable. Without saying a word, they pulled a helpless Margie under an electric fence to another side of the camp and they scrubbed off the number on her arm. She was no longer marked for death. 
On March 10, 1945, Margie was liberated. 
She was 21 years old. In 1953, Margie and her husband came to the United States. She be-came a nurse. And just as her friends helped her at the Stuffhof camp on that fateful night, she devoted her life to helping those who couldn’t help themselves. 
HANNAH MESSINGER  
In 1938, Hannah and her family were forced 
to abandon their home and business. A few months before her twentieth birthday, Han-nah married Karl Kohorn. In 1941, Carl was deported to the Theresienstadt Ghetto. Two weeks later, so was Hannah. Hannah worked as a hairdresser—an occupation in high de-mand—because the Germans wouldn’t allow women to have long hair. In 1942, Hannah’s parents and sister arrived at Theresienstadt, but stayed only three days before being de-ported to Auschwitz. 
Hannah is one of the last living witnesses 
to the International Red Cross visit to Theresienstadt on June 23, 1944. The Nazis created an elaborate hoax to show how well Jews were being treated under the ‘‘benevo-lent’’ Third Reich. It was lie. More than 33,000 inmates died as a result of malnutri-tion, disease, or the sadistic treatment by the Nazis at Theresienstadt. 
On May 8, 1945, Allied Forces liberated the 
Merzdorf labor camp—where Hannah was moved to. But when she returned to Prague she learned that all her family members were murdered. 
After the war, Hannah began cor-
responding with an Aunt in Budapest—her last surviving relative in Europe. In the let-ters, Hannah poured her heart out sharing Holocaust experiences and losses and re-counting the suffering she and her loved ones endured. When her aunt read the letters out loud, a friend of the family, Imre, was listen-ing and fell in love with her writings. Imre began to correspond with Hannah directly. Through those letters, they fell in love. Han-nah moved to the United States in 1946. Eventually, Imre joined her. They married the following year and moved to Chicago. Hannah has created pencil drawings based on her experiences as a prisoner in several con-centration and labor camps from 1941–1945. A number of her pieces can be seen at the United States Holocaust Museum in 2010 and in the Smithsonian. Hannah’s work allows future generations to better understand her experience and see it through her own eyes. 
WALTER REED  
On Kristallnacht, Walter was jailed by 
Nazi soldiers for 3 days—he was 14 years old. In 1939, his parents put him on a Kindertransport (children’s transport) to Belgium. This decision saved his life. Walter lived in a boys home near Brussels until the Germans invaded in 1940. Walter and more than 90 other children escaped to southern France, where they lived in a barn and later in an abandoned chateau—they became known as the ‘‘Children of La Hille.’’ 
In 1941, Walter was able to leave France for 
New York. He became a U.S. citizen in 1943 and returned to Europe in 1944 as a soldier in the United States Army. Walter served in the 95th Infantry Division under General George Patton. His team was charged with interrogating German prisoners and civilians 
near the front lines. Walter first arrived in the United States as a survivor of the war and he returned as an American hero. 
JOSEPH DOBRYMAN  
In 1941, Joseph was 18 years old and forced 
into the Bialystock Ghetto with his parents and two brothers. The Ghetto was liquidated in 1943 and everyone was sent to camps. Jospeph and his brother Henry were sepa-rated from the rest of their family. In 1943, they sent to the Lomza Ghetto and then to the Danzig, Auschwitz-Birkenau and Bergen Belsen concentration camps for the rest of the war. Joseph and Henry were liberated from Bergen Belsen by Allied Forces in 1945. They were the only members of their family that survived. 
In 1949, Joseph married Nettie Goldberg 
and they made their way to the United States. They had no family waiting for them, but Joseph found work as a plumber and went to school at night to learn English. Jo-seph and Nettie settled and raised their fam-ily in Skokie, Illinois, where he still lives today. 
LEWIS PAZOLES  
Lewis was born in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, 
the son of Greek immigrants. Immediately after graduating high school, Lewis was drafted into the U.S. Army. On April 6, 1944, Lewis joined a medical battalion attached to the 83rd infantry and shipped out in a convoy to England to prepare for the Normandy in-vasion. Corporal Lewis Pazoles and his unit, followed General Patton’s Army to Omaha Beach on June 11, 1944—five days after D- day. His unit proceeded to fight in the Battle of the Bulge—and moved through the Ardennes, Rhineland and Central Europe to-ward Germany. 
On April 11, 2045, the 83rd liberated 
Langenstein—a sub camp of Buchenwald— where they found about 1,100 malnourished and emaciated prisoners. The prisoners were forced to work 16 hour days in nearby mines and were shot if they were too weak to work. Corporal Pazoles’ unit reported that the death rate at the camp was about 500 a month. The 83rd Infantry also recovered Nazi documents later used by war crime inves-tigators. 
In 1946, Corporal Pazoles was honorably 
discharged—he was 20 years old. He returned to the United States and became a partner in his family’s grocery store business in Chi-cago. Today, Lewis and his wife reside in Palos Hills, Illinois. 
Here are some of the honors that Corporal 
Pazoles received during his service: The Vic-tory Medal, The European African Middle Eastern Theater Ribbon with 1 Silver Battle Star, 3 Overseas Service Bars, the Good Con-duct Medal, the Purple Heart, and a Bronze Star. Lewis Pazoles is an American hero. 
HARRY NICHOLS  
Harry was born in Alliance, Ohio, and was 
drafted in the U.S. Army in 1942. On June 6, 1944, Harry was in the third wave of U.S. forces who stormed Omaha Beach in Nor-mandy, France. Known as Operation Nep-tune, it was the largest amphibious oper-ation ever attempted. More than 160,000 Al-lied troops landed along the 50-mile stretch of heavily fortified French coastline to fight the Nazis. Afterward, Harry fought in the battle of St.-Lo ˆand the Battle of the Bulge. 
He helped liberate the French cities of Laval, LeMans, Orleans and Nance. Harry also fought through Luxemburg and Holland, crossed the Rhine River into Germany and up the Elbe River before May 7, 1945—V-E Day. 
In 1945, while training with his unit to 
fight in the invasion of Japan—the Japanese surrendered. Harry returned home to Ohio and began working in a bakery. In the late 
1940s, he made his way to Chicago where he worked as a waiter, a grocer and florist. Harry Nichols is an American hero. 
ANTHONY GARGANO  
On December 7, 1941, Tony’s 22nd birthday, 
the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor. Less than six weeks later, Tony enlisted in the U.S. Navy and was assigned to one of three ships masquerading as merchant vessels. In 1942, he and his shipmates were captured by the Japanese and taken to Hakodate prison camp on an island just north of mainland Japan. Tony remained a POW for three years and was set free the day the Japanese surren-dered and abandoned the camp. He returned to America, married the love of his life— Julia—and worked six days a week as a maitre’d at Elliot’s Pine Log Restaurant. 
For nearly 70 years, Tony has kept the de-
tails of war and the horrors of his imprison-ment to himself, but has recently began to share his story. Tony will tell you, he is not a hero, his brothers lost in battle are the he-roes. What an inspiration. 
f 
JUDICIAL NOMINATIONS 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, after fi-
nally scheduling a few confirmation votes on Federal judges last month, Senate Republicans have reverted back to holding up the confirmation process for no good reason. The American peo-ple and the entire Federal justice sys-tem depend on the Members of this body to fulfill our constitutional duty of providing advice and consent on ju-dicial nominees. This senatorial duty is one we cannot neglect. However, that is exactly what has happened since Senate Republicans took over the ma-jority this year. 
I had hoped that last month’s judi-
cial confirmation votes were an indica-tion that Senate Republicans were fi-nally ready to make progress on the backlog of well-qualified and uncontroversial nominees awaiting their confirmation vote. But again, this week, there is no sign of when the next judicial nominee will receive a vote. This is no way to lead the Senate. When Senate Democrats were in the majority during the last 2 years of the Bush Presidency, we had already con-firmed 34 judges by this same time. I have heard Republicans trying to jus-tify their slowdown on judicial nomina-tions by claiming they should somehow receive credit for 11 judges confirmed at the end of the last Congress. That excuse holds no water. It is well-estab-lished Senate precedent that all pend-ing consensus nominees should be con-firmed before the end of a year. And even if we added those 11 judges to the 9 confirmed this year, that would still bring us to only 20—which is a far cry from the 34 Democrats confirmed in the last 2 years of the Bush administra-tion. 
The process of confirming judges is 
about ensuring that the American peo-ple have a fully functioning judiciary. Instead, because of Republican obstruc-tion, judicial vacancies have increased by more than 50 percent since they took over the majority, and caseloads are piling up in courts throughout the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Nov 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09NO6.022 S09NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7859 November 9, 2015 
country. Equally alarming is the fact 
that the number of judicial emergency vacancies since Senate Republicans took the majority has risen by 158 per-cent. These vacancies impact commu-nities across America, and it is doing the most harm to States represented by at least one Republican Senator. Of the 66 current vacancies that exist, 48 
of them—or more than 70 percent—are in States with at least one Republican Senator. 
We should take action right now and 
hold confirmation votes on the 21 judi-cial nominees pending on the floor. The next pending district and circuit court nominees—who will both fill judicial emergency vacancies—were nominated 1 year ago, yet both are still awaiting the majority leader’s action to simply schedule their confirmation votes. The next district court nominee on the Ex-ecutive Calendar is LaShann Hall, an outstanding African-American woman who has been nominated to serve in the Eastern District of New York. And di-rectly following that nomination is Judge Luis Felipe Restrepo who, when confirmed, will be the first ever His-panic judge from Pennsylvania on the third circuit and only the second His-panic judge to serve on the third cir-cuit. Judge Restrepo has strong bipar-tisan support from his home State Sen-ators, Senator T
OOMEY and Senator 
CASEY . At Judge Restrepo’s hearing, 
Senator T OOMEY stated that ‘‘there is 
no question [Judge Restrepo] is a very well qualified candidate to serve on the Third Circuit’’ and underscored the fact that he recommended that the President nominate Judge Restrepo. Although there is an urgent need to fill the emergency vacancy on the third circuit, the Republican leadership has refused to hold a confirmation vote. All Democrats support this nominee. I hope Senator T
OOMEY will seek a firm 
commitment from his Republican lead-ership to schedule a vote this week for Judge Restrepo. 
In addition to Judge Restrepo, a 
number of these pending nominees have the support of their Republican home State Senators. Just last week, the Senate Judiciary Committee voted out two Iowa nominees recommended to the President by the chairman of the Judiciary Committee. However, if Republican obstruction continues and if home State Senators cannot per-suade the majority leader to schedule a vote for their nominees soon, then it is unlikely that even highly qualified nominees with Republican support will be confirmed by the end of the year. 
No Senator has raised a single objec-
tion to any of the 21 judicial nominees pending on the floor. Each one was re-ported out of the Judiciary Committee by unanimous voice vote, and each has the backing of their home State Sen-ators, including Republican Senators. Senate Republicans have no excuses left. 
I hope the Republican Senator from 
Pennsylvania and the other Republican Senators will implore their leadership to schedule votes on the judicial nomi-
nees pending on the floor without fur-ther delay. 
f 
DETENTION OF HOSSAM BAHGAT 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, there is 
no right that is more fundamental to a democracy than freedom of expression. When this right, enshrined in the Uni-versal Declaration of Human Rights, is threatened or curtailed, dictatorship is the predictable result. Regrettably, that is what we see happening in Egypt today. 
Like others here, I received word this 
morning that Hossam Bahgat, an Egyp-tian journalist and one of that coun-try’s prominent human rights defend-ers, has been detained and may be charged in military court. He is appar-ently accused of publishing false news related to an article about an allegedly foiled military coup. 
According to information I have re-
ceived, an October 13 article by Mr. Bahgat described the military prosecu-tion of 26 officers and 2 Muslim Broth-erhood members for allegedly planning to overthrow the government. The next day, the same publication printed the article in English under the title, ‘‘A coup busted?’’ For this, Mr. Bahgat is being investigated by military prosecu-tors and could face 1 or more years be-hind bars. 
According to Mr. Bahgat’s article, 
which was based on the indictment in that case, authorities had summoned or arrested most of the defendants in April. Some of the detained officers al-leged that they were tortured during interrogations inside military intel-ligence headquarters. Eight of the offi-cers and the two Muslim Brotherhood leaders who were prosecuted in absentia were sentenced to life in pris-on, Mr. Bahgat reported. The rest were sentenced to between 10 and 15 years. 
Lawyers for Mr. Bahgat have re-
ported that military prosecutors are investigating him for allegedly vio-lating articles 102 and 188 of the penal code, both of which are minor, vaguely worded offenses that concern the publi-cation of false news. 
Article 102 allows the prosecution of 
anyone who ‘‘intentionally broadcasts false or tendentious news, data, or ru-mors, or propagates subversive propa-ganda, if this is liable to disturb the public security, spread terror among the people, or harm the public inter-est.’’ It provides for an undefined pe-riod of detention and a fine of up to 200 Egyptian pounds, US$25. 
Article 188 allows prosecution of any-
one who ‘‘with ill intent publishes false news, data, or rumors, or forged or fab-ricated papers, or falsely attributed to others, if this is liable to disturb the general peace or provoke panic among the people or harm the public inter-est.’’ It provides for detention of up to 1 year and a fine of up to 20,000 Egyp-tian pounds, US$2,490. 
According to Human Rights Watch, 
Mr. Bahgat was not the first journalist to report on the alleged military coup. 
In a statement, Mr. Bahgat’s lawyers stated that he had no criminal intent and that other media outlets had pre-viously reported the verdict. 
It is well established that civilians 
should not be prosecuted in military courts, yet that is what is happening to Mr. Bahgat. In October 2014, President al-Sisi greatly expanded military court jurisdiction for a period of 2 years, al-lowing the military prosecution of ci-vilians for crimes that occur on ‘‘pub-lic’’ or ‘‘vital’’ property. Since then, Egyptian media outlets and human rights groups have reported that thou-sands of civilians have been charged in military courts, many of them for acts related to protesting and the Muslim Brotherhood. 
Egypt’s military courts operate 
under the authority of the Ministry of Defense, not civilian judicial authori-ties. According to human rights groups, they typically deny defendants the rights accorded by civilian courts, including to be informed of the charges against them, the right to a lawyer, and to be brought promptly before a judge following arrest. This is particu-larly concerning given the pattern of abuse of detainees in Egypt. 
As a former prosecutor who has 
served as both chairman and ranking member of our Judiciary Committee, I have spoken many times about the im-portance of an independent judiciary. Nowhere is this needed more today than in Egypt, where sham trials, some lasting only a few minutes, followed by sentences of death or life in prison, are common. 
I hope the Egyptian Government will 
see the wisdom of proceeding no fur-ther in its attempt to silence reputable journalists like Mr. Bahgat. Some-times the news is favorable; sometimes it is unfavorable. That is the way life is, and it is not for government offi-cials—whether elected or unelected—to decide what their citizens should read. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RALPH BAGNESKI 
Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize and honor Ralph Bagneski, Milwaukee County’s 2016 Veteran of the Year. Mr. Bagneski has served our Nation for 35 years with dis-tinction. As we observe Veterans Day, I am proud to pay tribute to him and to his fellow Wisconsin veterans who have served our Nation to protect and de-fend the American freedoms we hold dear. 
A native of Milwaukee, Mr. Bagneski 
enlisted in the United States Marine Corps after his graduation from Wash-ington High School. He served on Ac-tive Duty during the Vietnam war from 1967 through 1971, leaving full-time service having achieved the post of ri-fleman squad leader, 96th Rifle Com-pany. From 1973 to 1987, Mr. Bagneski also served in the Wisconsin National Guard, attaining the rank of first ser-geant. In addition, Mr. Bagneski served for more than 15 years in the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:34 Nov 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09NO6.005 S09NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7860 November 9, 2015 
States Army Reserve, where he 
achieved the rank of command ser-geant major. 
During his military service, Mr. 
Bagneski received numerous decora-tions, two of which were the Legion of Merit and the Meritorious Service Medal. Both honors are given to mem-bers of the United States Armed Forces who distinguished themselves by excep-tionally meritorious conduct in the performance of outstanding services and achievements. Notably, he also re-ceived the National Infantry Associa-tion’s Order of Saint Maurice, an award recognizing those who make significant contributions in support of the infan-try and who represent the highest standards of integrity, moral char-acter, professional competence, and dedication to duty. 
Beyond his military service, Mr. 
Bagneski has demonstrated extraor-dinary service to his fellow service-members through his leadership in Wis-consin Vietnam Veterans Chapter 1, the American Legion, the Veterans of Foreign Wars, and Stand Down. He has served his community as a firefighter and EMT, as a Little League baseball coach, and as an active leader in Brew-ery Workers Local 9. 
Mr. Bagneski’s lifetime of service to 
his country, his State, his community, and his fellow servicemembers is an ex-ample to us all. I am honored to con-gratulate him as Milwaukee County’s 2016 Veteran of the Year and thank him for dedicating his life to the values we pay tribute to on Veterans Day—duty, honor, and service. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO TESS BRADY 
∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I rise 
today to recognize Tess Brady, a life-long resident of Stanford, MT. Mon-tanans pride themselves in their care and deep respect for all aspects of our communities, and Tess Brady’s com-mitment to bettering Stanford is no exception. 
Tess is the founder of Stanford Beau-
tification, a nonprofit effort that con-tinuously provides service to improve the appearance of Main Street in Stan-ford. Tess does an amazing job multi-tasking the various ongoing projects she directs. While her many loyal and generous helpers are critical to these efforts, she is the real fireball behind the projects. 
One ongoing project Tess devotes 
herself to is the planting and upkeep of flower displays along Main Street and at the Stanford courthouse. She takes a water tank on the back of an ATV every day during the summer and waters the flowers—a loving gesture that takes her most of the day. 
When fall comes around, you can find 
Tess working and delegating tasks for the Scarecrow Festival—a seasonal event that began as a competition among businesses and townspeople to decorate Main Street. In winter, Tess 
devotes her time to maintaining Christmas decorations throughout the season, despite Montana’s snowy win-ters. 
It makes me incredibly proud to see 
a Montanan so devoted and loyal to her town. Tess truly represents the funda-mental Montana values of hard work and service, and I am grateful for the work she does for the Stanford commu-nity. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Williams, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations and a withdrawal which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE ON 
NOVEMBER 5, 2015 
At 12:53 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has agreed to the following concurrent resolution, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 91. Concurrent resolution pro-
viding for a conditional adjournment of the House of Representatives. 
At 2:17 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has agreed to the following concurrent resolutions, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 90. Concurrent resolution di-
recting the Secretary of the Senate to make a technical correction in the enrollment of S. 1356. 
H. Con. Res. 92. Concurrent resolution pro-
viding for a conditional adjournment of the House of Representatives and a conditional recess or adjournment of the Senate. 
The message also announced that the 
House has passed the bill (S. 1356) to clarify that certain provisions of the Border Patrol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014 will not take effect until after the Director of the Office of Personnel Management promulgates and makes effective regulations relating to such provisions, with amendment, in which it requests the concurrence of the Sen-ate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-
sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. HATCH: 
S. 2258. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to reform the surface transpor-tation project delivery program; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mr. 
T
HUNE , and Mrs. M URRAY ): 
S. 2259. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to improve the way beneficiaries are assigned under the Medi-care shared savings program by also basing such assignment on primary care services furnished by nurse practitioners, physician assistants, and clinical nurse specialists; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. 
C
RAPO ): 
S. 2260. A bill to amend the Congressional 
Budget Act of 1974 to require that the Con-gressional Budget Office prepare long-term scoring estimates for reported bills and joint resolutions that could have significant eco-nomic and fiscal effects outside of the nor-mal scoring periods; to the Committee on the Budget. 
By Mr. THUNE (for himself, Ms. C
ANT-
WELL , and Mrs. M URRAY ): 
S. 2261. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to improve the way beneficiaries are assigned under the Medi-care shared savings program by also basing such assignment on services furnished by Federally qualified health centers and rural health clinics; to the Committee on Finance. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Mr. 
MURPHY , Mr. R UBIO, Ms. A YOTTE , and 
Mr. K IRK): 
S. Res. 310. A resolution condemning the 
ongoing sexual violence against women and children from Yezidi, Christian, Shabak, Turkmen, and other religious communities by Islamic State of Iraq and Syria militants and urging the prosecution of the perpetra-tors and those complicit in these crimes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and 
Mr. B
OOKER ): 
S. Res. 311. A resolution honoring Rutgers, 
the State University of New Jersey, as Rut-gers celebrates its 250th anniversary; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 314 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
names of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ), the Senator from Oregon 
(Mr. M ERKLEY ) and the Senator from 
Delaware (Mr. C OONS ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 314, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medi-care program of pharmacist services. 
S. 804 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
804, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to specify coverage of continuous glucose monitoring de-vices, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:34 Nov 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09NO6.001 S09NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7861 November 9, 2015 
S. 885 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the 
names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ), the Senator from 
Iowa (Mr. G RASSLEY ) and the Senator 
from Michigan (Mr. P ETERS ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 885, a bill to direct the Architect of the Capitol to place in the United States Capitol a chair honoring American Prisoners of War/Missing in Action. 
S. 928 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the names of the Senator from Ala-bama (Mr. S
HELBY ) and the Senator 
from Arizona (Mr. F LAKE ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 928, a bill to reau-thorize the World Trade Center Health Program and the September 11th Vic-tim Compensation Fund of 2001, and for other purposes. 
S. 1082 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1082, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes. 
S. 1110 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the names 
of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) and the Senator from Min-
nesota (Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1110, a bill to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to publish in the Federal Register a strategy to significantly increase the role of volun-teers and partners in National Forest System trail maintenance, and for other purposes. 
S. 1424 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added 
as a cosponsor of S. 1424, a bill to pro-hibit the sale or distribution of cos-metics containing synthetic plastic microbeads. 
S. 1426 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) and the Senator from Arkansas 
(Mr. B OOZMAN ) were added as cospon-
sors of S. 1426, a bill to amend the Pub-lic Health Service Act to provide for the participation of physical therapists in the National Health Service Corps Loan Repayment Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1539 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1539, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to establish a permanent, nationwide summer electronic benefits transfer for children program. 
S. 1659 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1659, a bill to amend the Voting Rights Act of 1965 to revise the criteria for determining which States and polit-
ical subdivisions are subject to section 4 of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1831 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1831, a bill to revise section 48 of title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes. 
S. 1856 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the name of the Senator from New Jer-sey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1856, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for suspension and removal of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs for performance or misconduct that is a threat to public health or safety and to improve accountability of employ-ees of the Department, and for other purposes. 
S. 1865 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, his name 
was added as a cosponsor of S. 1865, a bill to amend the Public Health Serv-ice Act with respect to eating dis-orders, and for other purposes. 
S. 1919 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the 
name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1919, a bill to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to protect rights of conscience with regard to requirements for cov-erage of specific items and services, to amend the Public Health Service Act to prohibit certain abortion-related discrimination in governmental activi-ties, and for other purposes. 
S. 1982 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1982, a bill to authorize a Wall of Remembrance as part of the Korean War Veterans Memorial and to allow certain private contributions to fund the Wall of Remembrance. 
S. 2091 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 2091, a bill to amend the Immi-gration and Nationality Act to stimu-late international tourism to the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 2110 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2110, a bill to amend the Employee Re-tirement Income Security Act of 1974 to provide for greater spousal protec-tion under defined contribution plans, and for other purposes. 
S. 2123 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) and the Senator from 
Virginia (Mr. K AINE) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 2123, a bill to reform sen-tencing laws and correctional institu-tions, and for other purposes. S. 2145 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2145, a bill to make sup-plemental appropriations for fiscal year 2016. 
S. 2151 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2151, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide liability protec-tions for volunteer practitioners at health centers under section 330 of such Act. 
S. 2208 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2208, a bill to promote the economic security and safety of sur-vivors of domestic violence, dating vio-lence, sexual assault, or stalking, and for other purposes. 
S. 2251 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 2251, a bill to provide for a supple-mentary payment to Social Security beneficiaries, supplemental security in-come beneficiaries, and recipients of veterans benefits, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2253 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the name of the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2253, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide vet-erans affected by closures of edu-cational institutions certain relief and restoration of educational benefits, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 282 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. Res. 282, a resolution sup-porting the goals and ideals of Amer-ican Diabetes Month. 
S. RES. 302 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the names of the Senator from West Virginia (Mrs. C
APITO ), the Senator 
from Oklahoma (Mr. L ANKFORD ), the 
Senator from Alabama (Mr. S HELBY ), 
the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR), the Senator from Massachusetts 
(Mr. M ARKEY ), the Senator from Penn-
sylvania (Mr. C ASEY ), the Senator from 
Arizona (Mr. F LAKE ), the Senator from 
New Jersey (Mr. M ENENDEZ ), the Sen-
ator from Minnesota (Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) 
and the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. Res. 302, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate in support of Israel and in condemnation of Pales-tinian terror attacks. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2766 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , her 
name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2766 proposed to H.R. 2029, a bill making appropriations for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:34 Nov 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09NO6.007 S09NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7862 November 9, 2015 
military construction, the Department 
of Veterans Affairs, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 310—CON-
DEMNING THE ONGOING SEXUAL VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN AND CHILDREN FROM YEZIDI, CHRIS-TIAN, SHABAK, TURKMEN, AND OTHER RELIGIOUS COMMUNITIES BY ISLAMIC STATE OF IRAQ AND SYRIA MILITANTS AND URGING THE PROSECUTION OF THE PER-PETRATORS AND THOSE COMPLICIT IN THESE CRIMES 
Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Mr. M
UR-
PHY, Mr. R UBIO, Ms. A YOTTE , and Mr. 
KIRK) submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 310 
Whereas the Islamic State of Iraq and 
Syria (ISIS) has publicly and systematically targeted communities on the basis of their religious identities, including Yezidis, Chris-tians, Shi’a Muslims, Shabaks, Turkmens, and Kaka’i, in a campaign of violence that includes summary executions, beheadings, torture, arbitrary detainment, forced dis-placement, rape and sexual violence, and en-slavement; 
Whereas enslavement and sexual violence 
against women is a widespread practice among ISIS militants, who have, according to the Yezidi Affairs Directory, captured and enslaved as many as 5,500 Yezidis, including as many as 3,000 women, since August 2014; 
Whereas ISIS has established a formal 
slave trade in which women and girls as young as 5 years old are systematically ab-ducted, transported, categorized according to physical traits and perceived value, and trad-ed among ISIS militants or sold for as little as $10; 
Whereas the Research and Fatwa Depart-
ment of ISIS has issued guidelines and direc-tions for the enslavement of Yezidi women and children and has justified the actions on the basis of religious teachings; 
Whereas the New York Times reported 
that ‘‘the Islamic State has developed a de-tailed bureaucracy of sex slavery, including sales contracts notarized by the ISIS-run Is-lamic courts’’; 
Whereas, according to various reports, in-
cluding testimony before Congress by Khidher Domle, a Yezidi activist and Direc-tor of the Media Department at the Univer-sity of Dohuk, the enslavement and sexual violence used against Yezidi women and chil-dren by ISIS militants in their attack on Mount Sinjar was premeditated; 
Whereas ISIS has initiated the mass kill-
ing of Yezidi men and boys, the sexual vio-lence and enslavement of Yezidi women and children, and the forced displacement of Christians and other religious communities; 
Whereas the threat and reach of ISIS ex-
tends beyond Iraq and Syria into the rest of the world, as demonstrated by ISIS-affiliated attacks and recruitment of foreign fighters from the United States, Europe, Central Asia, and Africa; 
Whereas, according to testimony presented 
before the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives on September 29, 2015, it is possible that one of the ISIS militants involved in the sexual slavery of Yezidi women and children is a United States citizen; and Whereas the United States Government 
should investigate and urge prosecution of American citizens who are perpetrators of or complicit in such crimes: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) condemns the ongoing sexual violence 
against women and children from Yezidi, Christian, Shabak, Turkmen, and other reli-gious communities; 
(2) calls on the Attorney General to com-
mence the investigation and prosecution of any United States citizens alleged to be per-petrators of or complicit in these crimes and to report back to Congress what steps are being taken to investigate and urge the pros-ecution of those involved; and 
(3) calls on the Government of Iraq and the 
governments of other countries to identify individual perpetrators and individuals in-volved in these crimes and take appropriate measures to arrest and urge the prosecution of those individuals. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 311—HON-
ORING RUTGERS, THE STATE UNIVERSITY OF NEW JERSEY, AS RUTGERS CELEBRATES ITS 250TH ANNIVERSARY 
Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and Mr. 
B
OOKER ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 311 
Whereas on November 10, 1766, the Royal 
Governor of New Jersey, William Franklin, granted a charter in the name of King George III for the establishment of Queen’s College; 
Whereas in 1825, Queen’s College was re-
named Rutgers in honor of Colonel Henry Rutgers, a university trustee and Revolu-tionary War veteran; 
Whereas in 1864, Rutgers was designated as 
a land-grant college, offering educational ac-cess to a wide range of students who would become the new workforce for expanding businesses, factories, and farms of the United States; 
Whereas in 1869, Rutgers became the birth-
place of college football by hosting a game against Princeton University and winning 6 to 4; 
Whereas in 1946, the University of Newark 
became part of Rutgers, laying the founda-tion for Rutgers University–Newark; 
Whereas in 1950, the College of South Jer-
sey became part of Rutgers, giving rise to Rutgers University–Camden; 
Whereas in 1945 and 1956, the New Jersey 
State legislature designated Rutgers as the State University of New Jersey; 
Whereas in 1989, Rutgers became a member 
of the Association of American Universities, an association of the top research univer-sities in the United States and Canada; 
Whereas with the integration of most of 
the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey into Rutgers School of Bio-medical and Health Sciences in 2013, Rutgers undertook the largest merger in the history of higher education in the United States; 
Whereas in 2014, Rutgers joined the Big 
Ten Conference, bringing the long history of collegiate athletics at Rutgers into the sto-ried conference comprised of highly re-garded, research-intensive flagship univer-sities; 
Whereas in 2014, Rutgers joined the Com-
mittee on Institutional Cooperation, the pre-mier consortium of top-tier research institu-tions in the United States; 
Whereas as of November 2015, Rutgers— 
(1) educates more than 65,000 students at 31 
schools; (2) employs more than 22,000 faculty and 
staff; 
(3) records more than 1,700,000,000 patient 
visits annually; and 
(4) boasts more than 460,000 living alumni 
worldwide; 
Whereas the 250th anniversary of the es-
tablishment of Rutgers is November 10, 2016; 
Whereas the celebration of the 250th anni-
versary of the establishment of Rutgers be-gins on November 10, 2015, with Charter Day festivities on the lawn of Old Queens and will continue through November 10, 2016; and 
Whereas Rutgers exemplifies all of the tra-
ditions of higher education in the United States because Rutgers is the only univer-sity in the United States that is— 
(1) a colonial college; (2) a land-grant college; and (3) a comprehensive public research univer-
sity: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate honors Rutgers, 
the State University of New Jersey, as Rut-gers celebrates 250 years of rich history as a colonial college, a land-grant institution, and a great State university that has been a source of pride for New Jersey and the people of the United States since 1766. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2770. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2029, making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2771. Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. 
T
OOMEY , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2029, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2772. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK 
(for himself, Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. M IKULSKI ) 
to the bill H.R. 2029, supra. 
SA 2773. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2029, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2774. Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. 
T
OOMEY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. C ASEY ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. M I-
KULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2029, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2775. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 pro-posed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, Mr. T ESTER , 
and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2029, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2776. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 pro-posed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, Mr. T ESTER , 
and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2029, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2777. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2029, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2778. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK 
(for himself, Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. M IKULSKI ) 
to the bill H.R. 2029, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2779. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK 
(for himself, Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. M IKULSKI ) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Nov 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09NO6.008 S09NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7863 November 9, 2015 
to the bill H.R. 2029, supra; which was or-
dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2780. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK 
(for himself, Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. M IKULSKI ) 
to the bill H.R. 2029, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2781. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK 
(for himself, Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. M IKULSKI ) 
to the bill H.R. 2029, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2782. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself 
and Mr. B
ENNET ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, Mr. 
TESTER , and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 
2029, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2783. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and 
Mrs. B
OXER ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2029, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2784. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and 
Mr. D
AINES ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK (for himself, Mr. 
TESTER , and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 
2029, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2785. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mr. 
C
ASEY ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, Mr. T ESTER , and 
Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2029, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2786. Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself and 
Ms. M URKOWSKI ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, Mr. 
TESTER , and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 
2029, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2787. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK 
(for himself, Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. M IKULSKI ) 
to the bill H.R. 2029, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2788. Ms. COLLINS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK 
(for himself, Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. M IKULSKI ) 
to the bill H.R. 2029, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2789. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. 
C
RUZ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2029, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2790. Mr. DAINES submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, 
Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill 
H.R. 2029, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2770. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2029, making ap-propriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
SEC. lll . PROTECTING THE HIGHER EDU-
CATION CHOICES OF NON-TRADI-TIONAL STUDENTS. 
None of the funds appropriated under this 
Act may be used to participate in or carry out actions arising from the Department of 
Education’s Interagency Task Force of For- Profit Institutions of Higher Education. 
SA 2771. Mr. MORAN (for himself, 
Mr. T OOMEY , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2029, making appropriations for mili-tary construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 247. None of the amounts appropriated 
or otherwise made available by this title may be used to carry out the Home Mar-keting Incentive Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to carry out the Ap-praisal Value Offer Program of the Depart-ment, or to pay for the transfer or relocation of an employee of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs in a senior executive position (as defined in section 713(g) of title 38, United States Code). 
SA 2772. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. 
MIKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2029, making 
appropriations for military construc-tion, the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . The Comptroller General of the 
United States shall conduct random, periodic audits of medical facilities of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs and the Veterans Integrated Service Networks to assess whether such facilities and Networks are complying with all standards imposed by law or by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs with respect to the timely access of veterans to hospital care, medical services, and other health care from the Department. 
SA 2773. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2029, making ap-propriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 71, between lines 14 and 15, insert 
the following: 
SEC. 411. (a) A DDITIONAL AMOUNT TO FACILI -
TATE FURNISHING OF LEGAL ASSISTANCE TO  
VETERANS UNABLE TO AFFORD LEGAL REP-
RESENTATION .—The amount appropriated or 
otherwise made available by title III under the heading ‘‘
SALARIES AND EXPENSES ’’ under 
the heading ‘‘U NITED STATES COURT OF AP-
PEALS FOR VETERANS CLAIMS ’’ is hereby in-
creased by $500,000. 
(b) A VAILABILITY .—Of the amount appro-
priated or otherwise made available by title III under the heading ‘‘
SALARIES AND EX -
PENSES ’’ under the heading ‘‘U NITED STATES  
COURT OF APPEALS FOR VETERANS CLAIMS ’’, 
as increased by subsection (a), $500,000 shall be available for the provision of financial as-sistance as described in and in accordance with the process and reporting procedures set forth in the Dire Emergency Supple-mental Appropriations and Transfers for Re-lief From the Effects of Natural Disasters, for Other Urgent Needs, and for Incremental Cost of ‘‘Operation Desert Shield/Desert 
Storm’’ Act of 1992 (Public Law 102-229) under the heading ‘‘
SALARIES AND EXPENSES ’’ 
under the heading ‘‘C OURT OF VETERANS AP-
PEALS ’’. The amount available for financial 
assistance under this subsection is in addi-tion to any other amounts available for such financial assistance under this Act. 
(c) O
FFSET .—The amount appropriated or 
otherwise made available by title II under the heading ‘‘
GENERAL ADMINISTRATION ’’ is 
hereby decreased by $500,000. 
SA 2774. Mr. MORAN (for himself, 
Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. 
CASEY ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK(for him-
self, Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to 
the bill H.R. 2029, making appropria-tions for military construction, the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II, add the following: 
SEC. lll . None of the amounts appro-
priated or otherwise made available by title II may be used to carry out the Home Mar-keting Incentive Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs or to carry out the Ap-praisal Value Offer Program of the Depart-ment with respect to an employee of the De-partment in a senior executive position (as defined in section 713(g) of title 38, United States Code). 
SA 2775. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Ms. 
MURKOWSKI ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK(for him-
self, Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to 
the bill H.R. 2029, making appropria-tions for military construction, the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . (a) Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional veterans committees a report evaluating the imple-mentation by the Department of Veterans Affairs of section 101 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Pub-lic Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note). 
(b) The report required by subsection (a) 
shall include, with respect to the implemen-tation of such section 101, an evaluation of the following: 
(1) The effect of such implementation on 
the reduction in the use of purchased care by the Department, including delays or denials of care and interruptions in courses and con-tinuity of care. 
(2) The ability of health care providers to 
meet the demand for primary, specialty, and behavioral health care under such section 101 that cannot reasonably be provided in med-ical facilities of the Department. 
(3) The efforts of the Department to recruit 
health care providers to provide health care under such section 101. 
(4) The accuracy of the information pro-
vided to veterans through call centers re-garding the receipt of health care under such section 101. 
(5) The timeliness of referrals of veterans 
by the Department to health care providers under such section 101. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Nov 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09NO6.009 S09NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7864 November 9, 2015 
(6) Unique issues and difficulties in the im-
plementation of section 101 with respect to veterans residing in rural areas, the States of Alaska and Hawaii and states lacking a full service VA Hospital. 
(7) With respect to rural areas: (A) an iden-
tification of the average wait times for vet-erans in rural areas to receive health care under such section 101, measured from when the veteran first calls the Department or contracted call center to request an appoint-ment; (B) an assessment of utilization rates for health care provided under such section 101 in rural areas (C) an assessment of the accessibility of veterans in rural areas to primary and specialty care at medical cen-ters of the Department and from non-Depart-ment health care providers under such sec-tion 101; (D) an assessment of the status of any pilot programs created by the Depart-ment to provide care under such section 101; (E) an identification of the number of health care providers providing health care under such section 101 to veterans in rural areas, broken out by primary care providers, spe-cialty and subspecialty providers, and behav-ioral health providers in each Veterans Inte-grated Service Network. 
(8) Recommendations for such improve-
ments to the provision of health care under such section 101 as the Comptroller General considers appropriate. 
(c) In this section, the term ‘‘congressional 
veterans committees’’ means the Veterans Affairs Committees of the United States Senate and the House of Representatives and the Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies of the Committees on Appropriations of the United States Senate and the House of Representa-tives. 
SA 2776. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Ms. 
MURKOWSKI ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK(for him-
self, Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to 
the bill H.R. 2029, making appropria-tions for military construction, the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . Not later than February 1, 2016, 
the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall sub-mit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a re-port that supplements the report required under section 4002(c) of the Surface Trans-portation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–41) and that contains the following: 
(1) A description of the changes in access, 
if any, of veterans in Alaska to purchased care from the Department of Veterans Af-fairs that have resulted from implementa-tion of section 101 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Pub-lic Law 113–146), including denials of care and interruptions in the course and continuity of care. 
(2) An assessment of the performance of 
the Department in providing health care under such section 101 in Alaska, including— 
(A) the performance of call center service 
provided to veterans; 
(B) the accuracy of call center information 
provided to veterans and health care pro-viders; 
(C) whether health care providers are 
agreeing to provide health care under such section 101 in each of the major communities in Alaska; (D) gaps in the availability of health care 
providers, disaggregated by primary, spe-cialty, subspecialty, and behavioral health care; 
(E) impediments to the provision of health 
care under such section 101; and 
(F) plans to mitigate those impediments. (3) An assessment of the status of health 
care provider vacancies at the VA Alaska Healthcare System as of the date of sub-mittal of the report under this section, in-cluding impediments to filling those vacan-cies and plans to mitigate those impedi-ments. 
(4) A description of the manner in which 
the Department plans to serve the primary, specialty, and behavioral health care needs of veterans in Alaska if the plan and rec-ommendations set forth in the report sub-mitted under such section 4002(c) are imple-mented, including a description of specific strategies to be employed by the Department to address gaps in the provision of health care to veterans and the supply and demand of health care providers for veterans, includ-ing the roles of tribal health providers and community providers in addressing those gaps. 
SA 2777. Mr. CARDIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2029, making ap-propriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. COMPENSATION FOR FEDERAL EM-
PLOYEES AFFECTED BY A LAPSE IN APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 1341 of title 31, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘An of-
ficer’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as specified in this subchapter or any other provision of law, an officer’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c)(1) In this subsection— 
‘‘(A) the term ‘covered lapse in appropria-
tions’ means a lapse in appropriations that begins on or after October 1, 2015; and 
‘‘(B) the term ‘excepted employee’ means 
an excepted employee or an employee per-forming emergency work, as such terms are defined by the Office of Personnel Manage-ment. 
‘‘(2) Each Federal employee furloughed as 
a result of a covered lapse in appropriations shall be paid for the period of the lapse in ap-propriations, and each excepted employee who is required to perform work during a covered lapse in appropriations shall be paid for such work, at the employee’s standard rate of pay at the earliest date possible after the lapse in appropriations ends, regardless of scheduled pay dates. 
‘‘(3) During a covered lapse in appropria-
tions, each excepted employee who is re-quired to perform work shall be entitled to use leave under chapter 63 of title 5, or any other applicable law governing the use of leave by the excepted employee, for which compensation shall be paid at the earliest date possible after the lapse in appropria-tions ends, regardless of scheduled pay dates.’’. 
SA 2778. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 pro-posed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, Mr. 
TESTER , and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill 
H.R. 2029, making appropriations for military construction, the Department 
of Veterans Affairs, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 31, line 23, strike the period and 
insert ‘‘: Provided , That such sums are allo-
cated to conduct research related to toxic exposure.’’ 
SA 2779. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 pro-posed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, Mr. 
TESTER , and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill 
H.R. 2029, making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 31, line 23, strike the period and 
insert ‘‘: Provided , That such sums are allo-
cated to ensure the provision of gender ap-propriate prosthetics and to conduct re-search related to toxic exposure.’’ 
SA 2780. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 pro-posed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, Mr. 
TESTER , and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill 
H.R. 2029, making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 31, line 23, strike the period and 
insert ‘‘: Provided , That such sums are allo-
cated to ensure the provision of gender ap-propriate prosthetics.’’ 
SA 2781. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 pro-posed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, Mr. 
TESTER , and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill 
H.R. 2029, making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 30, line 6, strike the period and in-
sert ‘‘: Provided further , That the Secretary 
of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that amounts appropriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs for medical supplies and equipment are allocated to ensure the provi-sion of gender appropriate prosthetics.’’ 
SA 2782. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for 
himself and Mr. B ENNET ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. 
MIKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2029, making 
appropriations for military construc-tion, the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 39, line 14, insert after ‘‘estab-
lished above:’’ the following: ‘‘ Provided fur-
ther, That the Secretary of Veterans Affairs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:34 Nov 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09NO6.016 S09NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7865 November 9, 2015 
shall submit to the Committees on Appro-
priations of both Houses of Congress, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Sen-ate, and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives, not later than 30 days after the last day of each fiscal quarter, a report on the super construction projects, as defined in section 8103(e)(3) of title 38, United States Code, carried out by the Department of Veterans Affairs, which shall include the status of each such project as of the last day of the quarter covered by the report, the actual cost and schedule variances of each such project as of such day compared to the planned cost and schedules for the project, and a dispute resolution ma-trix depicting internal and external disputes regarding technical, fiscal, schedule, or other issues, along with action plans and timelines for resolution:’’ 
SA 2783. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself 
and Mrs. B OXER ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2029, making appropria-tions for military construction, the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . (a) Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The Military Construction, Veterans 
Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations 
Act, 2016 that was reported by the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate on May 21, 2015, includes the following amounts to be appropriated to the Department of Vet-erans Affairs: 
(A) $35,000,000 to make seismic corrections 
to Building 208 at the West Los Angeles Med-ical Center of the Department in Los Ange-les, California, which, according to the De-partment, is a building that is designated as having an exceptionally high risk of sus-taining substantial damage or collapsing during an earthquake. 
(B) $158,000,000 to provide for the construc-
tion of a new research building, site work, and demolition at the San Francisco Vet-erans Affairs Medical Center. 
(C) $161,000,000 to replace Building 133 with 
a new community living center at the Long Beach Veterans Affairs Medical Center, which, according to the Department, is a building that is designated as having an ex-tremely high risk of sustaining major dam-age during an earthquake. 
(D) $468,800,000 for construction projects 
that are critical to the Department for en-suring health care access and safety at med-ical facilities in Louisville, Kentucky, Jef-ferson Barracks in St. Louis, Missouri, Perry Point, Maryland, American Lake, Wash-ington, Alameda, California, and Livermore, California. 
(2) The Department is unable to obligate or 
expend the amounts described in paragraph (1), other than for construction design, be-cause the Department lacks an explicit au-thorization by an Act of Congress pursuant to section 8104(a)(2) of title 38, United States Code, to carry out the major medical facility projects described in such paragraph. 
(3) Among the major medical facility 
projects described in paragraph (1), three are critical seismic safety projects in California. 
(4) Every day that the critical seismic safe-
ty projects described in paragraph (3) are de-layed increases the risk of a life-threatening building failure in the case of a major seis-mic event. 
(5) According to the United States Geologi-
cal Survey— (A) California has more than a 99 percent 
chance of experiencing an earthquake of magnitude 6.7 or greater in the next 30 years; 
(B) even earthquakes of less severity than 
magnitude 6.7 can cause life threatening damage to seismically unsafe buildings; and 
(C) in California, earthquakes of mag-
nitude 6.0 or greater occur on average once every 1.2 years. 
(b) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may 
carry out the following major medical facil-ity projects, with each project to be carried out in an amount not to exceed the amount specified for that project: 
(1) Seismic corrections to buildings, in-
cluding retrofitting and replacement of high- risk buildings, in San Francisco, California, in an amount not to exceed $180,480,000. 
(2) Seismic corrections to facilities, includ-
ing facilities to support homeless veterans, at the medical center in West Los Angeles, California, in an amount not to exceed $105,500,000. 
(3) Seismic corrections to the mental 
health and community living center in Long Beach, California, in an amount not to ex-ceed $287,100,000. 
(4) Construction of an outpatient clinic, 
administrative space, cemetery, and col-umbarium in Alameda, California, in an amount not to exceed $87,332,000. 
(5) Realignment of medical facilities in 
Livermore, California, in an amount not to exceed $194,430,000. 
(6) Construction of a medical center in 
Louisville, Kentucky, in an amount not to exceed $150,000,000. 
(7) Construction of a replacement commu-
nity living center in Perry Point, Maryland, in an amount not to exceed $92,700,000. 
(8) Seismic corrections and other renova-
tions to several buildings and construction of a specialty care building in American Lake, Washington, in an amount not to ex-ceed $16,260,000. 
(c) There is authorized to be appropriated 
to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for fis-cal year 2016 or the year in which funds are appropriated for the Construction, Major Projects, account, $1,113,802,000 for the projects authorized in subsection (b). 
(d) The projects authorized in subsection 
(b) may only be carried out using— 
(1) funds appropriated for fiscal year 2016 
pursuant to the authorization of appropria-tions in subsection (c); 
(2) funds available for Construction, Major 
Projects, for a fiscal year before fiscal year 2016 that remain available for obligation; 
(3) funds available for Construction, Major 
Projects, for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2016 that remain available for obligation; 
(4) funds appropriated for Construction, 
Major Projects, for fiscal year 2016 for a cat-egory of activity not specific to a project; 
(5) funds appropriated for Construction, 
Major Projects, for a fiscal year before fiscal year 2016 for a category of activity not spe-cific to a project; and 
(6) funds appropriated for Construction, 
Major Projects, for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2016 for a category of activity not spe-cific to a project. 
SA 2784. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for her-
self and Mr. D AINES ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. 
MIKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2029, making 
appropriations for military construc-tion, the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 247. CLARIFICATION OF PRESUMPTIONS OF 
EXPOSURE FOR VETERANS WHO SERVED IN VICINITY OF REPUBLIC OF VIETNAM. 
(a) C OMPENSATION .—Subsections (a)(1) and 
(f) of section 1116 of title 38, United States Code, are amended by inserting ‘‘(including the territorial seas of such Republic)’’ after ‘‘served in the Republic of Vietnam’’ each place it appears. 
(b) H
EALTH CARE.—Section 1710(e)(4) of 
such title is amended by inserting ‘‘(includ-ing the territorial seas of such Republic)’’ after ‘‘served on active duty in the Republic of Vietnam’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by subsections (a) and (b) shall take ef-fect as of September 25, 1985. 
SA 2785. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself 
and Mr. C ASEY ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. 
MIKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2029, making 
appropriations for military construc-tion, the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 247. None of the amounts appropriated 
or otherwise made available by this title may be used— 
(1) to carry out the memorandum of the 
Veterans Benefits Administration known as ‘‘Fast Letter 13-10’’, issued on May 20, 2013; or 
(2) to create or maintain any patient 
record-keeping system other than those cur-rently approved by the Department of Vet-erans Affairs Central Office in Washington, District of Columbia. 
SA 2786. Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself 
and Ms. M URKOWSKI ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. 
MIKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2029, making 
appropriations for military construc-tion, the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . (a) Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on the re-cruitment and retention of health care pro-viders by the Department of Veterans Af-fairs. 
(b) The report required by subsection (a) 
shall include the following: 
(1) An identification of the ratio of vet-
erans to health care providers of the Depart-ment, disaggregated by State. 
(2) An analysis of the workload of primary 
and specialty care providers of the Depart-ment, disaggregated by State. 
(3) An assessment of initiatives carried out 
by the Veterans Health Administration to recruit and retain health care providers of the Department. 
(4) An assessment of the extent to which 
the Veterans Health Administration oversees health care providers of the Department. 
(5) Such recommendations for improving 
the recruitment and retention of health care providers of the Department as the Comp-troller General considers appropriate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:34 Nov 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09NO6.013 S09NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7866 November 9, 2015 
SA 2787. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. 
K
IRK(for himself, Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. 
MIKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2029, making 
appropriations for military construc-tion, the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . (a) Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall sub-mit to Congress a report on the implementa-tion by the Department of Veterans Affairs of section 101 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note) in rural areas. 
(b) The report required by subsection (a) 
shall include the following: 
(1) An identification of average wait times 
for veterans in rural areas to receive health care under such section 101, measured from when the veteran first calls the Department to schedule an appointment. 
(2) An assessment of utilization rates for 
health care provided under such section 101 in rural areas. 
(3) An assessment of the accessibility of 
veterans in rural areas to primary and spe-cialty care at medical centers of the Depart-ment and from non-Department health care providers under such section 101. 
(4) An identification of the number of 
health care providers providing health care under such section 101 in each Veterans Inte-grated Service Network. 
(5) An assessment of the status of any pilot 
programs created by the Department to pro-vide care under such section 101 in rural areas. 
SA 2788. Ms. COLLINS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. 
MIKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2029, making 
appropriations for military construc-tion, the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 247. REPORT ON USE OF SOCIAL SECURITY 
NUMBERS BY DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 120 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the use of social secu-rity numbers by the Department of Veterans Affairs and the plans of the Secretary to dis-continue the unnecessary use. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) A list of documents and records of the 
Department of Veterans Affairs that contain social security numbers. 
(2) A list of all government and non-gov-
ernment entities and the numbers of their employees that have access to the social se-curity numbers of veterans that are stored by the Department. 
(3) A description of how the Department, 
other governmental entities, and persons use social security numbers they obtain from the Department, including a description of any information sharing arrangements that the Secretary may have with the heads of other governmental entities. (4) The number of data breaches of Depart-
ment of Veterans Affairs information sys-tems that involved social security numbers that occurred during the five-year period ending on the date of the enactment of this Act that the Secretary discovered or that were reported to the Secretary, a description and status of the investigations conducted by the Secretary regarding such breaches, and a description of the plans of the Sec-retary to remediate such breaches. 
(5) The plans of the Secretary, including a 
timeline, to discontinue the unnecessary use by the Department of social security num-bers. 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and 
the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-ate; and 
(2) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and 
the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SA 2789. Mr. CORNYN (for himself 
and Mr. C RUZ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2029, making appropria-tions for military construction, the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . (a) Not later than 30 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a re-port that includes, with respect to the South Texas Veterans Health Care System of the Department of Veterans Affairs, the fol-lowing: 
(1) A description of the nature and scope of 
any foreseeable increase in wait times for medical appointments. 
(2) An assessment of whether a shortage of 
health care providers is the primary cause of any such increase in wait times. 
(3) An identification of any other causes of 
any such increase in wait times. 
(4) A description of any action taken by 
the Department to correct any such increase in wait times. 
(5) An assessment of any issues relating to 
access to care. 
(6) A plan for how the Secretary will rem-
edy any such increase in wait times, includ-ing a detailed description of steps to be taken and a timeline for completion. 
(b) In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate 
committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Appropriations and 
the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Appropriations and 
the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SA 2790. Mr. DAINES submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. 
MIKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2029, making 
appropriations for military construc-tion, the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 2ll. The Secretary of Veterans Af-
fairs shall ensure that all health care pro-viders of the Department of Veterans Affairs 
are trained to treat and address health issues unique to women veterans. 
f 
VETERANS DAY MOMENT OF 
SILENCE ACT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of S. 1004 and the Senate proceed to its imme-diate consideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1004) to amend title 36, United 
States Code, to encourage the nationwide ob-servance of two minutes of silence each Vet-erans Day. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (S. 1004) was ordered to be 
engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 1004 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans 
Day Moment of Silence Act’’. 
SEC. 2. OBSERVANCE OF VETERANS DAY. 
(a) T WOMINUTES OF SILENCE .—Chapter 1 of 
title 36, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 145. Veterans Day 
‘‘The President shall issue each year a 
proclamation calling on the people of the United States to observe two minutes of si-lence on Veterans Day in honor of the serv-ice and sacrifice of veterans throughout the history of the Nation, beginning at— 
‘‘(1) 3:11 p.m. Atlantic standard time; ‘‘(2) 2:11 p.m. eastern standard time; ‘‘(3) 1:11 p.m. central standard time; ‘‘(4) 12:11 p.m. mountain standard time; ‘‘(5) 11:11 a.m. Pacific standard time; ‘‘(6) 10:11 a.m. Alaska standard time; and ‘‘(7) 9:11 a.m. Hawaii-Aleutian standard 
time.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for chapter 1 of title 36, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘145. Veterans Day.’’. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, 
NOVEMBER 10, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, Novem-ber 10; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:34 Nov 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09NO6.017 S09NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7867 November 9, 2015 
leader remarks, the Senate resume 
consideration of H.R. 2029, with the time until 11 a.m. equally divided in the usual form; further, that at 11 a.m., the Senate proceed to the consider-ation of the House message to accom-pany S. 1356, with all other provisions under the previous order remaining in effect; finally, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. to 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 7 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, No-vember 10, 2015, at 10 a.m. NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
UNITED STATES TAX COURT  
VIK EDWIN STOLL, OF MISSOURI, TO BE A JUDGE OF 
THE UNITED STATES TAX COURT FOR A TERM OF FIF-TEEN YEARS, VICE JAMES S. HALPERN, RETIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
ROBERT ANNAN RILEY III, OF FLORIDA, A CAREER 
MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE FEDERATED STATES OF MICRO-NESIA. 
KAREN BREVARD STEWART, OF FLORIDA, A CAREER 
MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF THE MARSHALL IS-LANDS. 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
AS THE CHIEF OF THE BUREAU OF MEDICINE AND SUR-GERY AND SURGEON GENERAL AND FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601 AND 5137: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. CLINTON F. FAISON III 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. MICHELLE C. SKUBIC 
f 
CONFIRMATION 
Executive nomination confirmed by 
the Senate November 9, 2015: 
EUROPEAN BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND  
DEVELOPMENT  
SCOTT ALLEN, OF MARYLAND, TO BE UNITED STATES 
DIRECTOR OF THE EUROPEAN BANK FOR RECONSTRUC-TION AND DEVELOPMENT. 
f 
WITHDRAWAL 
Executive Message transmitted by 
the President to the Senate on Novem-ber 9, 2015 withdrawing from further Senate consideration the following nomination: 
KENNETH J. KOPOCIS, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN ASSIST-
ANT ADMINISTRATOR OF THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTEC-TION AGENCY, VICE PETER SILVA SILVA, RESIGNED, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON JUNE 24, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Mar 26, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\RECORD15\NOV 2015\S09NO5.REC S09NO5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1615 November 9, 2015 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, No-
vember 10, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
NOVEMBER 12 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on the Budget 
To hold hearings to examine spending on 
unauthorized programs. 
SD–608 NOVEMBER 17 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine past wild-
fire seasons to inform and improve fu-ture Federal wildland fire management strategies. 
SD–366 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and 
Federal Management 
To hold joint hearings with the House 
Committee on Homeland Security Sub-committee on Oversight and Manage-ment Efficiency to examine ongoing challenges at the Secret Service and their government-wide implications. 
HVC–210 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tion of Michael Joseph Missal, of Mary-land, to be Inspector General, Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. 
SR–418 
NOVEMBER 18 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine S. 410, to 
strengthen Indian education, S. 1163, to amend the Native American Programs Act of 1974 to provide flexibility and re-authorization to ensure the survival and continuing vitality of Native American languages, and S. 1928, to support the education of Indian chil-
dren. 
SD–628 
NOVEMBER 19 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Well Control Rule and other regu-lations related to offshore oil and gas production. 
SD–366 
CANCELLATIONS 
NOVEMBER 12 
2:30 p.m. 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To hold closed hearings to examine cer-
tain intelligence matters. 
SH–219 
POSTPONEMENTS 
NOVEMBER 12 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine countering 
ISIS, focusing on how safe havens threaten the homeland. 
SD–342 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Nov 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M09NO8.000 E09NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1198 Monday, November 9, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S7845–S7867 
Measures Introduced: Four bills and two resolu-
tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2258–2261, and S. Res. 310–311.
                                                       Page S7860 
Measures Passed: 
Veterans Day Moment of Silence Act: Committee 
on the Judiciary was discharged from further consid-eration of S. 1004, to amend title 36, United States Code, to encourage the nationwide observance of two minutes of silence each Veterans Day, and the bill was then passed.
                                                         Page S7866 
Measures Considered: 
Military Construction and Veterans Affairs 
and Related Agencies Appropriations Act— Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of H.R. 
2029, making appropriations for military construc-tion, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto:
                                  Pages S7847–52, S7853 
Adopted: 
Tester (for Shaheen) Amendment No. 2772 (to 
Amendment No. 2763), to require the Comptroller General of the United States to conduct audits relat-ing to the timely access of veterans to hospital care, medical services, and other health care from the De-partment of Veterans Affairs.
                              Page S7853 
Kirk (for Heller/Hirono) Amendment No. 2766 
(to Amendment No. 2763), to prohibit the use of funds to transfer amounts from the Filipino Veterans Equity Compensation Fund to any other account in the Treasury of the United States.
                    Page S7853 
Pending: 
Kirk/Tester Amendment No. 2763, in the nature 
of a substitute.                                                             Page S7847 
Kirk Amendment No. 2764 (to Amendment No. 
2763), to clarify the term ‘‘congressional defense committees.’’
                                                                Page S7847 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, November 10, 2015, with the time until 11 a.m. equally divided in the usual form; and that at 11 a.m., Senate begin 
consideration of the House message to accompany S. 1356, to clarify that certain provisions of the Border Patrol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014 will not take effect until after the Director of the Office of Per-sonnel Management promulgates and makes effective regulations relating to such provisions, with all the provisions under the previous order of Thursday, No-vember 5, 2015 remaining in effect.
       Pages S7866–67 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nomination: 
By a unanimous vote of 83 yeas (Vote No. EX. 
300), Scott Allen, of Maryland, to be United States Director of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development.
                                             Pages S7852–53 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Vik Edwin Stoll, of Missouri, to be a Judge of the 
United States Tax Court for a term of fifteen years. 
Robert Annan Riley III, of Florida, to be Ambas-
sador to the Federated States of Micronesia. 
Karen Brevard Stewart, of Florida, to be Ambas-
sador to the Republic of the Marshall Islands. 
2 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. 
                                                                                            Page S7867 
Nomination Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-
tion of withdrawal of the following nomination: 
Kenneth J. Kopocis, of Virginia, to be an Assist-
ant Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, which was sent to the Senate on June 24, 2015.
                                                                                Page S7867 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S7860 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S7860–62 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S7862 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S7860 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S7862–66 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—300)                                                                 Page S7853 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Nov 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09NO5.REC D09NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1199 November 9, 2015 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-
journed at 7 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, No-vember 10, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-
marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S7866–67.) Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House 
is scheduled to meet at 2 p.m. on Monday, Novem-ber 16, 2015, pursuant to the provisions of H. Con. Res. 92. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, 
NOVEMBER 10, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
30 years of Goldwater-Nichols reform, 9 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: business meeting to con-
sider S. 2184, to direct the President to establish guide-lines for United States foreign development and economic assistance programs, H.R. 515, to protect children from exploitation, especially sex trafficking in tourism, by pro-viding advance notice of intended travel by registered child-sex offenders outside the United States to the gov-ernment of the country of destination, requesting foreign governments to notify the United States when a known child-sex offender is seeking to enter the United States, an original resolution calling upon the President to con-demn the ongoing sexual violence against women and children from Yezidi, Christian, Shabak, Turkmen, and other religious communities by Islamic State of Iraq and Syria militants and to urge the prosecution of the per-petrators and those complicit in these crimes, the nomi-nations of Linda I. Etim, of Wisconsin, to be an Assistant Administrator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, Kenneth Damian Ward, of Vir-ginia, for the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service as United States Representative to the Organiza-
tion for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, and Ro-berta S. Jacobson, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the United Mexican States, Marc Jonathan Sievers, of Mary-land, to be Ambassador to the Sultanate of Oman, and Elisabeth I. Millard, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Tajikistan, all of the Department of State, 
protocol Amending the Convention between the United States of America and the Swiss Confederation for the Avoidance of Double Taxation with Respect to Taxes on Income, signed at Washington on October 2, 1996, signed on September 23, 2009, at Washington, as cor-rected by an exchange of notes effected November 16, 2010 and a related agreement effected by an exchange of notes on September 23, 2009 (Treaty Doc. 112–01), pro-tocol Amending the Convention between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on Income and Capital, signed on May 20, 2009, at Luxembourg (the ‘‘proposed Protocol’’) and a related agreement effected by the exchange of notes also signed on May 20, 2009 (Treaty Doc. 111–08), con-vention between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Republic of Hungary for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on Income, signed on February 4, 2010, at Budapest (the ‘‘proposed Convention’’) and a related agreement effected by an ex-change of notes on February 4, 2010 (Treaty Doc. 111–07), the Convention between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Re-public of Chile for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on Income and Capital, signed in Washington on February 4, 2010, with a Protocol signed the same day, as cor-rected by exchanges of notes effected February 25, 2011, 
and February 10 and 21, 2012, and a related agreement effected by exchange of notes (the ‘‘related Agreement’’) on February 4, 2010 (Treaty Doc. 112–08), the Protocol Amending the Convention on Mutual Administrative As-sistance in Tax Matters, done at Paris on May 27, 2010 (the ‘‘proposed Protocol’’), which was signed by the United States on May 27, 2010 (Treaty Doc. 112–05), the Protocol Amending the Convention between the United States of America and the Kingdom of Spain for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on Income and its Protocol, signed at Madrid on February 22, 1990 (Treaty Doc. 113–04), the Convention between the United States of America and the Republic of Poland for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on Income, signed on February 13, 2013, at Warsaw (Treaty Doc. 113–05), and the Protocol 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Nov 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09NO5.REC D09NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1200 November 9, 2015 
Amending the Convention between the Government of 
the United States of America and the Government of Japan for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Pre-vention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to Taxes on Income and a related agreement entered into by an exchange of notes (together the ‘‘proposed Protocol’’), both signed on January 24, 2013, at Washington, together with cor-recting notes exchanged March 9 and March 29, 2013 (Treaty Doc. 114–01), 9:45 a.m., S–116, Capitol. 
Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing on the 
campaign against ISIS in Syria, 10 a.m., SVC–217. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-
ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SVC–217. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of November 10 through November 13, 
2015 
Senate Chamber 
On Tuesday , at approximately 10 a.m., Senate will 
continue consideration of H.R. 2029, Military Con-struction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. 
At 11 a.m., Senate will begin consideration of the 
House message to accompany S. 1356, National De-fense Authorization Act, with a vote on a motion to concur in the House message at approximately 11:20 a.m. 
During the balance of the week, Senate may con-
sider any cleared legislative and executive business. 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Armed Services: November 10, to hold hear-
ings to examine 30 years of Goldwater-Nichols reform, 9 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on the Budget: November 12, to hold hearings 
to examine spending on unauthorized programs, 10:30 a.m., SD–608. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: November 10, business 
meeting to consider S. 2184, to direct the President to establish guidelines for United States foreign develop-ment and economic assistance programs, H.R. 515, to protect children from exploitation, especially sex traf-ficking in tourism, by providing advance notice of in-tended travel by registered child-sex offenders outside the United States to the government of the country of des-tination, requesting foreign governments to notify the United States when a known child-sex offender is seeking to enter the United States, an original resolution calling upon the President to condemn the ongoing sexual vio-lence against women and children from Yezidi, Christian, Shabak, Turkmen, and other religious communities by Is-lamic State of Iraq and Syria militants and to urge the prosecution of the perpetrators and those complicit in these crimes, the nominations of Linda I. Etim, of Wis-
consin, to be an Assistant Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, Kenneth 
Damian Ward, of Virginia, for the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service as United States Representa-tive to the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, and Roberta S. Jacobson, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the United Mexican States, Marc Jonathan Sievers, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Sultanate of Oman, and Elisabeth I. Millard, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Tajikistan, all of the De-partment of State, protocol Amending the Convention be-tween the United States of America and the Swiss Con-federation for the Avoidance of Double Taxation with Re-spect to Taxes on Income, signed at Washington on Oc-tober 2, 1996, signed on September 23, 2009, at Wash-ington, as corrected by an exchange of notes effected No-vember 16, 2010 and a related agreement effected by an exchange of notes on September 23, 2009 (Treaty Doc.112–01), protocol Amending the Convention be-tween the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on Income and Capital, signed on May 20, 2009, at Luxembourg (the ‘‘proposed Protocol’’) and a related agreement effected by the exchange of notes also signed on May 20, 2009 (Trea-ty Doc.111–08), convention between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Republic of Hungary for the Avoidance of Double Tax-ation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on Income, signed on February 4, 2010, at Bu-dapest (the ‘‘proposed Convention’’) and a related agree-ment effected by an exchange of notes on February 4, 2010 (Treaty Doc.111–07), the Convention between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Republic of Chile for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on Income and Capital, signed in Washington on February 4, 2010, with a Protocol signed the same day, as corrected by exchanges of notes effected February 25, 2011, and February 10 and 21, 2012, and a related agreement effected by exchange of notes (the ‘‘related Agreement’’) on February 4, 2010 (Treaty Doc.112–08), the Protocol Amending the Convention on Mutual Administrative Assistance in Tax Matters, done at Paris on May 27, 2010 (the ‘‘proposed Protocol’’), which was signed by the United States on May 27, 2010 (Trea-ty Doc.112–05), the Protocol Amending the Convention between the United States of America and the Kingdom of Spain for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on In-come and its Protocol, signed at Madrid on February 22, 1990 (Treaty Doc.113–04), the Convention between the United States of America and the Republic of Poland for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on Income, signed on February 13, 2013, at Warsaw (Treaty Doc.113–05), and the Protocol Amending the Convention between the Government of the United States of America and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Nov 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09NO5.REC D09NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1201 November 9, 2015 
Government of Japan for the Avoidance of Double Tax-
ation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to Taxes on Income and a related agreement entered into by an exchange of notes (together the ‘‘proposed Pro-tocol’’), both signed on January 24, 2013, at Washington, together with correcting notes exchanged March 9 and March 29, 2013 (Treaty Doc.114–01), 9:45 a.m., S–116, Capitol. November 10, Full Committee, to receive a closed 
briefing on the campaign against ISIS in Syria, 10 a.m., SVC–217. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: November 10, to receive 
a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SVC–217. 
House Committees 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Nov 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09NO5.REC D09NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1202 November 9, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Tuesday, November 10 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of H.R. 2029, Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. 
At 11 a.m., Senate will begin consideration of the 
House message to accompany S. 1356, National Defense Authorization Act, with a vote on a motion to concur in the House message at approximately 11:20 a.m. 
(Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their 
respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
2 p.m., Monday, November 16 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: The House is scheduled to meet 
at 2 p.m. on Monday, November 16, 2015, pursuant to the provisions of H. Con. Res. 92. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Nov 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D09NO5.REC D09NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST