Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H3583 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JUNE 1, 2015 No. 86 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. W
OMACK ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
June 1, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable S TEVE  
WOMACK to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. 
f 
PATRIOT ACT REAUTHORIZATION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. M
ASSIE ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I am here 
today because last night, at midnight, a wonderful thing happened. In what seems like a constant flow, a tide that has been washing away our liberties since the founding of this country, we experienced something unique. 
The tide reversed, thanks to one Sen-
ator, Senator R
ANDPAULof Kentucky, 
and now, we have some of our civil lib-erties restored. If only but for a brief second in history, they are restored. It may register only as an eddy current, 
but clearly, we changed the tide last night. 
Now, what happened? The PATRIOT 
Act expired. How does a law expire, do you say? Why do we allow them to ex-pire? It is because, when we enact laws, we know that we don’t have the fore-sight to see how they will be carried out. We don’t know everything that is going to happen as time transpires. It is important that we revisit these laws. In this case, this law expired. 
I would like to pretend that, if I were 
here when the PATRIOT Act passed after the attacks on our country, that I wouldn’t have voted for it, but I can’t say that. I am not going to pass judg-ment on my colleagues that were here when it did pass. I can barely imagine the incredible pressure they were under from their constituents, from every-body, to do something—to do some-thing to protect our country, and so they passed the PATRIOT Act. I don’t blame them. I wasn’t here. I might have done the same thing. 
We have new facts today, so we re-
visit this law; we revisit the PATRIOT Act. What are the new facts? What are the things that have changed since it was issued? Let me list them. 
First of all, our Director of National 
Intelligence lied to us, lied to Congress about how the law was being imple-mented. In fact, he said, ‘‘I said the least untruthful thing I could,’’ when he testified. Those were his words. He said the least untruthful thing he could. 
That is not good enough. He is in 
charge of all of our intelligence, and you are spying on Americans, and you lied to Congress about it, so that has changed. 
What else changed? The NSA broke 
the law. How do we know this? The sec-ond highest court in the land said they broke the law. Just a few weeks ago, they ruled this. Surely, we can’t trust them to enforce the laws that we are giving them now without some major 
reform. 
What is the next thing that has 
changed since the PATRIOT Act first passed? The Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence failed us. The Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence is privy to information that the rest of Congress cannot have, and I un-derstand that. It would be hard to keep a secret if 435 Members knew about it, so we entrust some of our Members to know the Nation’s most important se-crets. 
What do we trust them with? Over-
sight, oversight over the intelligence community to make sure that the laws that all 435 of us vote on are being im-plemented in the way that we intended them to be implemented—and that was not the case, so that has changed. 
What is the fourth thing that has 
changed since the first PATRIOT Act was issued and the last time it was re-authorized? The FISA court, this is the secret court that issues the secret war-rants, if you will—if you would call them warrants. I would not call them warrants. 
They issued the mother of all general 
warrants. What are general warrants? These are warrants that are not spe-cific. The warrant they issued would make King George III blush. Think about this: a warrant that covers every—every—American. 
Let me read the Fourth Amendment 
to our Constitution here, and this is specifically about your right to pri-vacy: ‘‘The right of the people to be se-cure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be vio-lated, and no warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by oath or affirmation, and particularly de-scribing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized.’’ 
The warrant that they issued, the 
one that went to Verizon which author-ized the collection of everybody’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN7.000 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3584 June 1, 2015 
phone records, was not constitutional; 
yet we trusted them with the over-sight, and they betrayed us. They be-trayed that trust. 
Since 1979, there have been 34,000 sur-
veillance orders requested of the FISA court by the intelligence community; 12 of the 34,000 have been denied. 
Mr. Speaker, things have changed. I 
urge my colleagues not to reauthorize the PATRIOT Act. The Freedom Act does not go far enough. 
f 
MEDICAL MARIJUANA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, 
there is a quiet revolution taking place across America to reform and mod-ernize our marijuana laws. For over half a century, the official position has been one of prohibition, of incarcer-ation, of obfuscation, and willful igno-rance; yet almost 20 million Americans use marijuana every month. 
A majority of the public now thinks 
that that should be legal, and an even larger majority thinks that, whatever their personal opinion about marijuana is, that the Federal Government should not interfere with what the States do, just like how we regulate alcohol. 
In the vanguard of the reform move-
ment has been medical marijuana since 1996, when California was the first State to legalize it. It has been fol-lowed now where almost three-quarters of the States provide some form of ac-cess to medical marijuana, and most of those decisions were made by a vote of the people. Well over 200 million Amer-icans live where they have access to medical marijuana. 
There have been many positive bene-
fits achieved for our veterans, who suf-fer from a wide range of medical prob-
lems, many of which stem from their years of service: chronic pain, PTSD, controlling the symptoms of multiple sclerosis, or dealing with violent nau-sea as a result of chemotherapy; yet our veterans are discriminated against because, even in States where it is legal, their VA doctors are discouraged from working with them to see if med-ical marijuana is right for them or if it is not. 
I am pleased to see some change tak-
ing place in Congress. We almost passed my amendment last month which would have given veterans fair treatment, enabling their primary doc-tor to consult with them. Just this last week in the Senate, there was approved in committee essentially the same amendment, and it is on its way to the Senate floor to give equal rights to vet-erans for medical marijuana. 
This is the latest step in the evo-
lution that we have seen now where four States and the District of Colum-bia have declared adult use legal, and we are seeing further progress at the local level. 
The tide is building. We are turning 
away from a failed program of prohib-iting; arresting; and, in some cases, in-
carcerating, while denying the science. 
We as a Nation are turning to ap-
proaches that are more honest and workable, that tax and regulate to allow for important research and pub-lic education that will allow people to make informed choices about the use of these substances or not. 
We are already seeing the social, eco-
nomic, and law enforcement advan-tages in this shift at the State level, and we should capitalize on this move-ment at the national level as well. 
It is exciting to see a bipartisan 
group of legislators in a sea of legisla-tive dysfunction coming together to promote bringing this country into the 21st century in terms of marijuana policies, doing it right. 
This week, during consideration of 
the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations bill, we are likely to see numerous amend-ments dealing with research, hemp, medical marijuana, cultivation, en-forcement, and respecting States’ laws. 
This is an exciting and encouraging 
development to be able to make the Federal Government a full partner with the evolution that is taking place on the State and local level. 
I urge my colleagues to vote in such 
a way that respects the will of the peo-ple and the rights of States to forge these new policies. 
f 
FISHING IN THE GULF OF MEXICO 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the American recreational fishermen that, like myself and my family, used to have the opportunity to fish for red snapper in the Federal waters of the Gulf of Mexico. 
I can’t help but think how sad it is 
that we have people in here articu-lating why illegal drugs should be made legal while we continue to allow Federal agencies to take away the rights of the American sportsmen and the men and the women who just want to take their kids fishing. 
Maybe if we spent more time out-
doors fishing and hunting, we wouldn’t have the problems that we have in this country with drugs. 
Now, technically, Mr. Speaker, we 
still have the right to fish in the Gulf of Mexico in the Federal waters, as long as you can do it in the crumb of the season that has been left for the recreational fishermen. 
Dr. Roy Crabtree and the National 
Marine Fisheries Services have left a 10-day season for the not-for-hire rec-reational angler who just wants to take his or her kid fishing, 10 days. 
In 2007, Mr. Speaker—if you want to 
know how fast this has gone downhill— we got to fish 194 days; so, in the short span of about 8 years, they have taken 95 percent of the opportunity of the American sportsmen to fish in the Gulf 
of Mexico’s Federal waters for red snapper away from them. 
When they started the reductions, 
they promised that, as soon as the stock was restored, the season would be restored. Now, they give us the ex-cuse: Well, because there are so many of them and they are so much bigger, you are catching that many that much faster. 
You see, Mr. Speaker, this makes no 
sense. The commercial fishermen, ships, long lines and winches, and their powerful lobbyists, they get to fish year round for the same species. Dr. Roy Crabtree and the others at the Na-tional Marine Fisheries Services again virtually eliminated the fishing season for the recreational angler, reducing it to 10 days. 
Now, I support the commercial fish-
ing industry. I like to buy a piece of red snapper at the restaurant. I like to buy it at the grocery store. There is plenty of fish out there for all of us. 
The 10 days that we have as rec-
reational anglers—if it is bad weather, well, that is just too bad. If you have got to work that day, well, that is just too bad. You see, they pick the days. You don’t get to pick the days, Mr. Speaker; and, if you can’t fish on that day, that is just too bad for you. If you can afford it, the charter boat season now is 45 days. 
Now, I will just tell you, I have never 
seen this much bias in anything I have ever done, especially in the rulemaking process, unless someone is being bribed or blackmailed or had a personal finan-cial interest in the rulemaking, which brings me to the next point. 
The vote to split the recreational 
season at the expense of the American angler, who just wants to fish with their family—not being forced to hire a charter boat—this was done by the Gulf Council on a split vote of 7 to 10 in which, according to news sources, 3 of the members that voted to do this didn’t disclose that they sit on the board of a group that lobbies for the charter boat industry. 
Again, I support the charter boat in-
dustry, but the idea that someone could sit there and vote to make a sea-son for themselves 45 days as long as you can you pay them to take you, but 10 days if you don’t pay them—Mr. Speaker, to be quite honest, Federal law stipulates those with a conflict must disclose it and shall not vote on those issues where a conflict exists. 
The conduct of the National Marine 
Fisheries Services in allowing that vote is in direct contrast to the rights of the Americans who just want to fish in the Gulf of Mexico. 
I, for one, am not going to sit back 
and let this continue; and, when the CJS appropriations act is on the floor, Mr. Speaker, I hope that we have the opportunity to correct what I believe to be illegal actions by the National Marine Fisheries Services and Dr. Roy Crabtree. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.002 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3585 June 1, 2015 
b1215 
CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF ODESSA PERMIAN HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL TEAM’S FIRST STATE CHAMPIONSHIP TITLE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to commemorate the 50th anni-versary of Odessa Permian High School football team’s first State champion-ship title. As a member of that team, I am especially excited to gather with my teammates this weekend to look back over the 50 years. 
They say everything is bigger in 
Texas, and high school football is no different. 
Mr. Speaker, when our team earned 
the title that bitterly cold December day, it was the start of one of the most storied high school football dynasties in Texas. We were led by the Texas coaching legend, Gene Mayfield, who was as tough as his reputation sug-gests. He was known for his motiva-tional skills, and he could motivate. Coach Mayfield and the coaching staff did not inherit a State-championship- caliber team that year; rather, through his influence and direction, he molded our team into something that many doubted we could ever become. 
His emphasis on preparation, com-
petition, and expectation to win drove our team to demand more of each other. We suffered during his notori-ously tough workouts. You could find our team running in the sandhills of Monahans Sandhills State Park or challenging each other with bicycle races, wrestling matches, or any of the other various events that he could find that would hone our competitive spirit and build a drive to win and a spirit to never quit. 
Mr. Speaker, unbeknownst to us as 
kids, the values Coach Mayfield was in-stilling in us that year would carry with us for the rest of our lives. He was teaching us more than how to be good football players; he was teaching us how to become men. I personally view Coach Mayfield as one of the most in-fluential men in my life, and I believe that my teammates would say the same. 
It was through our shared experi-
ences that our team bonded together. In 1965, it drove us to win, and we were seeing the fruits of our labors with each game night. Those experiences created relationships that have en-dured over five decades. 
This Friday, my teammates and I 
will gather to renew those bonds and reminisce, but also to become the re-cipients of this year’s Odessa Permian High School Black Shirt Award. Every year, this award is given to a school or-ganization, individual, or group that have achieved a standard of excellence and inspired a passion in the Permian High School alumni and student body. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to have been 
a part of that historic season and to have played with some of the best 
teammates you could ever ask for. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 17 
minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
ENHAM ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER 
Reverend Thomas More Garrett, OP, 
St. Pius V Catholic Church, Provi-dence, Rhode Island, offered the fol-lowing prayer: 
Hear us O God, we pray, that we may 
begin these summer months refreshed and renewed. Give new vigor to our ef-forts. Help us to be always mindful of the guiding hand of providence as we seek to better our country and the world at large. 
Let us remember that we are not al-
ways the best arbiters of our own good, that we can be wrong about what is best for us, and that our own desires can sometimes bring us harm. Con-fident in Your assistance, we turn to You for Your protection and ask You to save us from the difficulties that we bring upon ourselves. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K ILDEE ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. KILDEE led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE SAMOAN 
EXILES 
(Mr. SABLAN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, this 
month, 72 Samoans who were exiled to my home, the Northern Mariana Is-lands, will receive the ceremonial fare-
well they were never given—100 years late. 
In 1909, the 72 Samoans were exiled to 
the Mariana Islands by the Governor of German Samoa, Wilhelm Solf. Their crime: the chiefs had tried to reinstate traditional Samoan practices outlawed by the German colonial regime. The Samoans remained in the Marianas until 1915, when they were repatriated by another colonial power—Japan. 
Their story was almost lost in time. 
But thanks to the work of the North-ern Marianas Humanities Council, the history of these exiles has now been documented. 
f 
RECOGNIZING OUR AMERICAN 
MANUFACTURERS 
(Mr. TIBERI asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize our American man-ufacturers. As we work to knock down trade barriers—barriers abroad—so American exporters can sell their prod-ucts overseas, many opponents of free trade are spreading outright lies: lies about the impact of American trade agreements on American manufactur-ers. 
Whirlpool is a great example, an ex-
ample that continues to be cited as an American company that has virtually shut down its plants in America be-cause of trade. It is astounding because it is not true. 
There are 22,000 American Whirlpool 
workers. They are makers of iconic brands like Whirlpool, Maytag, and KitchenAid. More than 80 percent of Whirlpool products sold in the United States are made in the United States. Their products come from Ohio com-munities like Clyde, Marion, Green-ville, Ottawa, and Findlay, Ohio, not to mention Whirlpool plants in other States. 
Believe the numbers, Mr. Speaker. 
One in every five jobs in Ohio depends on trade. With new trade agreements, barriers abroad will be removed so Whirlpool and other manufacturers have the opportunity to sell their American-made products overseas. 
Let’s spread the truth: trade supports 
American jobs, and increased trade will build a healthy American economy. 
f 
PASS A LONG-TERM HIGHWAY 
AND TRANSIT TRUST FUND BILL 
(Mr. KILDEE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, Michigan, 
of all States, knows that we need to fix our crumbling roads and bridges if we are going to remain competitive as a nation. 
It is long past time, long overdue, for 
this Congress to rebuild our infrastruc-ture, to pass legislation to fully fund, on an extended basis, the highway and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.004 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3586 June 1, 2015 
transit trust fund bill. Unfortunately, 
instead of working on a big infrastruc-ture bill, last month Congress passed a mere 2-month extension, an extension that gets us no further in repairing our Nation’s crumbling infrastructure. 
Mr. Speaker, my constituents are fed 
up with more delays instead of real ac-tion on road funding. No city and no State is going to move forward on major projects because Congress ex-tended this fund by 60 days. 
No more temporary extensions. No 
more delays. Let’s get to work on a bi-partisan, long-term plan to invest in our Nation’s roads, our bridges, and our ports. We have to believe in ourselves. We have to bet on the American work-er and on American business. If we in-vest in infrastructure, they will pay us back with productivity. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 3 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 6 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1500 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
OLLINS of New York) at 
3 p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
f 
AUTHORIZING EARLY REPAYMENT 
OF CONSTRUCTION COSTS TO BU-REAU OF RECLAMATION 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 404) to authorize early repay-ment of obligations to the Bureau of Reclamation within the Northport Irri-gation District in the State of Ne-braska. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 404 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. EARLY REPAYMENT OF CONSTRUC-
TION COSTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
213 of the Reclamation Reform Act of 1982 (43 U.S.C. 390mm), any landowner within the Northport Irrigation District in the State of Nebraska (referred to in this section as the ‘‘District’’) may repay, at any time, the con-
struction costs of project facilities allocated to the landowner’s land within the District. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY OF FULL-COST PRICING  
LIMITATIONS .—On discharge, in full, of the 
obligation for repayment of all construction costs described in subsection (a) that are al-located to all land the landowner owns in the District in question, the parcels of land shall not be subject to the ownership and full-cost pricing limitations under Federal reclama-tion law (the Act of June 17, 1902, 32 Stat. 388, chapter 1093), and Acts supplemental to and amendatory of that Act (43 U.S.C. 371 et seq.), including the Reclamation Reform Act of 1982 (13 U.S.C. 390aa et seq.). 
(c) C
ERTIFICATION .—On request of a land-
owner that has repaid, in full, the construc-tion costs described in subsection (a), the Secretary of the Interior shall provide to the landowner a certificate described in section 213(b)(1) of the Reclamation Reform Act of 1982 (43 U.S.C. 390mm(b)(1)). 
(d) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this section— 
(1) modifies any contractual rights under, 
or amends or reopens, the reclamation con-tract between the District and the United States; or 
(2) modifies any rights, obligations, or re-
lationships between the District and land-owners in the District under Nebraska State law. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gentleman 
from Virginia (Mr. B EYER ) each will 
control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
As we begin the debate on this par-
ticular bill, I am pleased that the gen-tleman from Nebraska (Mr. S
MITH) is 
here with us to introduce this very ef-fective and important bill. 
I yield such time as he may consume 
to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. S
MITH) to explain his legislation. 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. I thank my 
colleague from Utah for yielding. 
Under Federal reclamation law, irri-
gation districts which receive water from a Bureau of Reclamation facility typically repay their portion of the capital costs of water projects under long-term contracts. 
Under its current contract and cur-
rent law, Northport is exempt from an-nual capital repayment if this carriage fee exceeds $8,000 per year. Given that the carriage fee has greatly exceeded this amount every year since the 1950s, Northport’s capital repayment debt has been stagnant at over $923,000 since 1952. 
So long as the debt endures, land-
owners are subject to burdensome re-porting requirements and acreage limi-tations, and no leverage is generated 
for the Federal Government. 
I introduced this bill to provide 
members of the Northport Irrigation District early repayment authority under their dated reclamation con-tract. 
Allowing producers within the 
Northport Irrigation District to pay off their portion of the contract means the government will receive funds other-wise uncollected, and landowners will be relieved of costly constraints which threaten family-owned operations. 
For example, at a Water, Power, and 
Oceans Subcommittee hearing last year, one member of the Northport dis-trict testified that acreage limitations will prohibit parents who own land in the district from passing down or even selling farmland to sons and daughters who also own land in the same district. 
As the chairman mentioned, similar 
legislation has passed under bipartisan majorities and, according to the CBO, could generate as much as $440,000 in Federal revenue. 
This is a very simple bill which 
would make a big difference to some family farmers in western Nebraska. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 404 would author-
ize landowners served by the Northport Irrigation District to prepay the re-maining portion of construction costs allocated to them for the North Platte project. In exchange, the landowners who pay will no longer be subject to acreage limitations and other require-ments associated with the Reclamation Reform Act. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in 
support of this good bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
This bill is an excellent piece of leg-
islation that solves a problem that should never have existed in the first place. 
It is curious that in many cases 
throughout the West, the current Fed-eral law does not allow a landowner to make an early repayment on Federal irrigation projects. It is an outdated law and a hurdle that is silly. It is similar to a bank prohibiting a home-owner from paying off his or her mort-gage early. 
Congressman S
MITH’s bill removes 
the Federal Bureau of Reclamation re-payment prohibition for individual landowners within the Northport Irri-gation District. In return for those payments, though, these farmers will no longer be subject to the acreage lim-itation and the paperwork require-ments imposed by the Reclamation Re-form Act. 
This bill will accelerate revenue com-
ing into the Treasury. It is based on two recent precedents that passed in both Republican- and Democrat-con-trolled Houses. Today, we are trying to continue those efforts by adopting this particular bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.006 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3587 June 1, 2015 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 404. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
NATIVE AMERICAN CHILDREN’S 
SAFETY ACT 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1168) to amend the Indian Child Protection and Family Violence Prevention Act to require background checks before foster care placements are ordered in tribal court proceedings, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1168 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Native 
American Children’s Safety Act’’. 
SEC. 2. CRIMINAL RECORDS CHECKS. 
Section 408 of the Indian Child Protection 
and Family Violence Prevention Act (25 U.S.C. 3207) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) B
YTRIBAL SOCIAL SERVICES AGENCY  
FOR FOSTER CARE PLACEMENTS IN TRIBAL  
COURT PROCEEDINGS .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
‘‘(A) C OVERED INDIVIDUAL .—The term ‘cov-
ered individual’ includes— 
‘‘(i) any individual 18 years of age or older; 
and 
‘‘(ii) any individual who the tribal social 
services agency determines is subject to a criminal records check under paragraph (2)(A). 
‘‘(B) F
OSTER CARE PLACEMENT .—The term 
‘foster care placement’ means any action re-moving an Indian child from a parent or In-dian custodian for temporary placement in a foster home or institution or the home of a guardian or conservator if— 
‘‘(i) the parent or Indian custodian cannot 
have the child returned on demand; and 
‘‘(ii)(I) parental rights have not been ter-
minated; or 
‘‘(II) parental rights have been terminated 
but the child has not been permanently placed. 
‘‘(C) I
NDIAN CUSTODIAN .—The term ‘Indian 
custodian’ means any Indian— 
‘‘(i) who has legal custody of an Indian 
child under tribal law or custom or under State law; or 
‘‘(ii) to whom temporary physical care, 
custody, and control has been transferred by the parent of the child. 
‘‘(D) P
ARENT .—The term ‘parent’ means— 
‘‘(i) any biological parent of an Indian 
child; or 
‘‘(ii) any Indian who has lawfully adopted 
an Indian child, including adoptions under tribal law or custom. 
‘‘(E) T
RIBAL COURT .—The term ‘tribal 
court’ means a court— 
‘‘(i) with jurisdiction over foster care 
placements; and 
‘‘(ii) that is— ‘‘(I) a Court of Indian Offenses; 
‘‘(II) a court established and operated 
under the code or custom of an Indian tribe; or 
‘‘(III) any other administrative body of an 
Indian tribe that is vested with authority over foster care placements. 
‘‘(F) T
RIBAL SOCIAL SERVICES AGENCY .—The 
term ‘tribal social services agency’ means the agency of an Indian tribe that has the primary responsibility for carrying out fos-ter care licensing or approval (as of the date on which the proceeding described in para-graph (2)(A) commences) for the Indian tribe. 
‘‘(2) C
RIMINAL RECORDS CHECK BEFORE FOS -
TER CARE PLACEMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (3), no foster care placement shall be finally approved and no foster care license shall be issued until the tribal social services agency— 
‘‘(i) completes a criminal records check of 
each covered individual who resides in the household or is employed at the institution in which the foster care placement will be made; and 
‘‘(ii) concludes that each covered indi-
vidual described in clause (i) meets such standards as the Indian tribe shall establish in accordance with subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(B) S
TANDARDS OF PLACEMENT .—The 
standards described in subparagraph (A)(ii) shall include— 
‘‘(i) requirements that each tribal social 
services agency described in subparagraph (A)— 
‘‘(I) perform criminal records checks, in-
cluding fingerprint-based checks of national crime information databases (as defined in section 534(f)(3) of title 28, United States Code); 
‘‘(II) check any abuse registries main-
tained by the Indian tribe; and 
‘‘(III) check any child abuse and neglect 
registry maintained by the State in which the covered individual resides for informa-tion on the covered individual, and request any other State in which the covered indi-vidual resided in the preceding 5 years, to en-able the tribal social services agency to check any child abuse and neglect registry maintained by that State for such informa-tion; and 
‘‘(ii) any other additional requirement that 
the Indian tribe determines is necessary and permissible within the existing authority of the Indian tribe, such as the creation of vol-untary agreements with State entities in order to facilitate the sharing of information related to the performance of criminal records checks. 
‘‘(C) R
ESULTS .—Except as provided in para-
graph (3), no foster care placement shall be ordered in any proceeding described in sub-paragraph (A) if an investigation described in clause (i) of that subparagraph reveals that a covered individual described in that clause has been found by a Federal, State, or tribal court to have committed any crime listed in clause (i) or (ii) of section 471(a)(20)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 671(a)(20)(A)). 
‘‘(3) E
MERGENCY PLACEMENT .—Paragraph 
(2) shall not apply to an emergency foster care placement, as determined by a tribal so-cial services agency. 
‘‘(4) R
ECERTIFICATION OF FOSTER HOMES OR  
INSTITUTIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of this sub-section, each Indian tribe shall establish pro-cedures to recertify homes or institutions in which foster care placements are made. 
‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—The procedures described 
in subparagraph (A) shall include, at a min-imum, periodic intervals at which the home or institution shall be subject to recertifi-cation to ensure— ‘‘(i) the safety of the home or institution 
for the Indian child; and 
‘‘(ii) that each covered individual who re-
sides in the home or is employed at the insti-tution is subject to a criminal records check in accordance with this subsection, including any covered individual who— 
‘‘(I) resides in the home or is employed at 
the institution on the date on which the pro-cedures established under subparagraph (A) commences; and 
‘‘(II) did not reside in the home or was not 
employed at the institution on the date on which the investigation described in para-graph (2)(A)(i) was completed. 
‘‘(C) G
UIDANCE ISSUED BY THE SECRETARY .— 
The procedures established under subpara-graph (A) shall be subject to any regulation or guidance issued by the Secretary that is in accordance with the purpose of this sub-section. 
‘‘(5) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of this sub-section and after consultation with Indian tribes, the Secretary shall issue guidance re-garding— 
‘‘(A) procedures for a criminal records 
check of any covered individual who— 
‘‘(i) resides in the home or is employed at 
the institution in which the foster care placement is made after the date on which the investigation described in paragraph (2)(A)(i) is completed; and 
‘‘(ii) was not the subject of an investiga-
tion described in paragraph (2)(A)(i) before the foster care placement was made; 
‘‘(B) self-reporting requirements for foster 
care homes or institutions in which any cov-ered individual described in subparagraph (A) resides if the head of the household or the operator of the institution has knowl-edge that the covered individual— 
‘‘(i) has been found by a Federal, State, or 
tribal court to have committed any crime listed in clause (i) or (ii) of section 471(a)(20)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 671(a)(20)(A)); or 
‘‘(ii) is listed on a registry described in 
clause (II) or (III) of paragraph (2)(B)(i); 
‘‘(C) promising practices used by Indian 
tribes to address emergency foster care placement procedures under paragraph (3); and 
‘‘(D) procedures for certifying compliance 
with this Act.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gentleman 
from Virginia (Mr. B EYER ) each will 
control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. C
RAMER ), the sponsor of this excellent 
piece of legislation, to explain his bill. 
Mr. CRAMER. I thank the chairman 
for yielding and for his good work on this important legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.008 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3588 June 1, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, during the last Con-
gress, while I served on the Natural Re-sources Committee, we held an over-sight hearing regarding the child pro-tection crisis on the Spirit Lake Indian Reservation in North Dakota in re-sponse to the numerous child deaths, as well as whistleblower reports that were detailing unsafe tribal placement of almost 40 foster children in abusive homes, many of which were headed by known convicted child sex offenders. 
In an effort to protect these children 
and children around the country, I in-troduced the Native American Chil-dren’s Safety Act, a bill that Senator J
OHNHOEVEN of North Dakota has also 
introduced in the United States Sen-ate. 
This bill implements across-the- 
board minimum protections for chil-dren placed in foster care at the direc-tion of a tribal court. These standards, Mr. Speaker, mirror existing national requirements for nontribal foster care placements, ensuring that tribal chil-dren receive at least the same, if not higher, standards of foster care as non-tribal children placed in foster care. 
This bill is bipartisan. I believe it is 
noncontroversial. It was reported out of the Natural Resources Committee in both this Congress and the last Con-gress with unanimous consent. 
I also want to take the time to thank 
several members of the administration, particularly the BIA, as well as Health and Human Services, for their assist-ance in refining the bill. I also want to thank the National Indian Child Wel-fare Association, which assisted in re-fining the bill, as well as the National Congress of American Indians. 
All of these refinements to the bill 
help make the bill better. More impor-tantly, it provides flexibility to the tribes in fulfilling the obligations of the bill, and I think it makes it a much better bill. 
I thank everybody who was involved, 
as well as my colleagues, and hope that we can pass it without objection today. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Currently, Native America tribes and 
their tribal courts use procedures and guidelines that vary significantly from tribe to tribe when placing a Native American child in a foster home. 
Current law does not require that the 
Federal Government or Indian tribe perform vigorous background checks on foster parents or foster homes in order to ensure the safety, health, and protection of Native children. 
Consequently, there have been ap-
palling cases of Native American chil-dren ending up in dangerous and unsafe living conditions because they were placed in an overburdened foster care system that failed to ensure sufficient background checks of placement homes. We critically need background checks of individuals and institutions selected to foster Native youth. 
H.R. 1168 strengthens background 
checks on prospective foster care par-ents prior to placement of Native chil-dren into foster homes and sets forth a 
uniform manner in which Federal and tribal agencies serving tribes may con-duct such checks. 
I ask my colleagues to stand with me 
in support of Native American children by supporting passage of Mr. C
RAMER ’s 
bill, H.R. 1168, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, this has been fully ex-
plained. To protect Indian foster chil-dren and provide these background checks is a wonderful thing. It is well overdue. I appreciate and commend the gentleman from North Dakota, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1168. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
REVOCATION OF MIAMI TRIBE OF 
OKLAHOMA CHARTER 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 533) to revoke the charter of incorporation of the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma at the request of that tribe, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 533 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. REVOCATION OF CHARTER OF IN-
CORPORATION. 
The request of the Miami Tribe of Okla-
homa to surrender the charter of incorpora-tion issued to that tribe and ratified by its members on June 1, 1940, pursuant to the Act of June 26, 1936 (25 U.S.C. 501 et seq.; com-monly known as the ‘‘Oklahoma Welfare Act’’), is hereby accepted and that charter of incorporation is hereby revoked. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gentleman 
from Virginia (Mr. B EYER ) each will 
control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, we have another piece 
of legislation that does wonderful things. It should have been done earlier 
than this, but this time we are going to get it all the way through the system. 
I yield such time as he may consume 
to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. M
ULLIN ) to explain his legislation. 
Mr. MULLIN. I thank the chairman 
for yielding. 
The Miami Tribe’s current charter of 
incorporation is an outdated governing structure that harms business and eco-nomic development. We wrote this bill because these charters can only be re-moved literally by an act of Congress. 
The Miami Tribe has said that the 
outdated charter is inoperable. It im-poses restrictions on business oper-ations that are unmanageable and un-necessary. 
Oklahoma is known for its entrepre-
neurial spirit, especially among our State’s tribes. It is important that Congress remove these hurdles for in-vestors, business partners, and poten-tial customers. 
As lawmakers, it is our job in Con-
gress to foster an atmosphere that pro-motes economic growth across the country. I take this responsibility very seriously, and I hope that you will join me today in eliminating a needless eco-nomic burden on the Miami Tribe in my home State of Oklahoma. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, at the request of the 
Miami Tribe of Oklahoma, H.R. 533 simply revokes a corporate charter issued to it by the Federal Govern-ment. 
Under the Oklahoma Indian Welfare 
Act and the Indian Reorganization Act, many tribes were issued corporate charters in the 1930s and 1940s that were aimed at enabling them to better manage their own affairs and pursue business relationships with private en-tities. 
For some tribes, these corporate 
charters have proven unnecessary and end up hindering their business oppor-tunities, as they will inevitably come up in negotiations with private entities and are looked upon with suspicion. 
The charter must be revoked by an 
act of Congress, and Mr. M
ULLIN , on be-
half of his constituents, is simply being a good Congressman and complying with the tribe’s request through this bill. 
Similar legislation has passed over 
the years without event, and I ask my colleagues to stand with me in support of Mr. M
ULLIN ’s noncontroversial bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Let me say just a few words about 
this particular piece legislation by my-self. It is a one-page piece of legislation that should be easy to read—and those are always dangerous because they are easy to read—that grants the request from the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma to revoke a charter of incorporation which was issued back in the New Deal era—a 1936 law that was implemented 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.010 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3589 June 1, 2015 
in 1940. And as we know, any of those 
pieces of legislation that age that well have got to be reviewed at a specific period of time. 
Right now, we have a situation in 
which this tribe funds itself in a cum-bersome situation with an outdated document that puts on limitations and uncertainty in the tribe business when they don’t have to, because they are dealing instead with the business ac-tivities that come through their tribal constitution. 
They are doing it the right way. And 
unfortunately, it requires an act of Congress to allow them to do what they ought to be doing and are doing in the first place and just clean up this act. So only we can do that. 
It is in accordance with the tribal 
wishes, and it is in accordance with Congressman M
ULLIN , who represents 
this particular tribe in the House. He has sponsored this. This is a good bill. The Department of the Interior does not object to this piece of legislation. An identical version passed in the House in the 113th Congress by a voice 
vote. I would hope we would do it again, and this time make sure we go all the way through the system and do what is right for this particular tribe. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
b1515 
Mr. BEYER. I yield back the balance 
of my time, Mr. Speaker. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I 
am going to speak very slowly as I am waiting for someone else to show up on the next bill and would, therefore, yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. M
ULLIN ) for another couple of anec-
dotes as to why this piece of legislation is needed. I will tug on the gentleman’s coat when he shows up and he can quit. 
Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Speaker, you 
know, this is a piece of legislation that unfortunately we have tried 2
1⁄2years, 
way too long, to try to get through this body; but it also opens an important conversation about taking a look at all of these charters. 
Why is it that Congress has to come 
together to pass commonsense legisla-tion that should be up to the tribes themselves to make the decision? When they are hindering the businesses and the atmosphere that these tribes are able to operate under, they are not able to go out and provide jobs to not just their members but, also, to the communities which they live in and they thrive in. 
Miami Tribe is a large employer of 
the city of Miami. The city of Miami has been in a situation where they have lost two major employers, and they look to these tribes like this in the community to create not just jobs at a casino, but manufacturing jobs, jobs that help our national defense. Yet they are hindered constantly by the ef-fect that they can’t simply do the work without asking Congress’ permission. 
They are a sovereign nation. Why is 
it that they would have to continue to come back on something that isn’t 
needed, something that dates all the way back to the 1930s? Unfortunately, this is exactly where we find ourselves today. 
I am so glad that this is actually one 
of those things that is a bipartisan ap-proach. Common sense does prevail in these Halls sometimes when we can come together and we can work at something that is noncontroversial. Even at that, we started this in the 113th Congress; and now we are in the 114th Congress, and we are still talking about it. We are 6 months into the 114th Congress, and we are trying to get a commonsense piece of legislation passed. 
If I remember correctly, last year, 
when we tried to put this through, there was only one ‘‘no’’ vote. If that is not bipartisanship, then, what is? This should have been on the President’s desk already. 
So I join my colleagues in supporting 
this bill, but I also want to thank them for their patience, for the city of Miami and the tribe of Miami for their patience and the opportunity to bring this up again. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I 
certainly don’t want to break any pro-tocols we may have. So, therefore, I want to echo what the gentleman from Oklahoma so brilliantly and so fluently and obviously not slowly enough said. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, once again, 
we will go through this concept that hopefully—does the gentleman from Virginia, even though I realize he has yielded back, would the gentleman like some of my time? 
Mr. BEYER. I would be happy to take 
some if the chairman wouldn’t mind. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Bless you. I yield such time as he may consume 
to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ). 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
extend my gratitude to the Congress-man from Oklahoma for teaching me how to say ‘‘Miami.’’ I have been mis-pronouncing ‘‘Miami’’ all through my short presentation. I also want to thank him for his leadership and being so responsive. 
I think that there are perhaps many 
other laws on the books that we should look at in a very simple way to revoke the charters, as necessary. 
I would also like to offer my help to 
the Congressman from Miami with our two Virginia Senators. It sounds like, if it passed this House with only one negative vote last year, that perhaps the Senate is the place where this is being held up. If we can provide some support to him in his moving this through the Senate side, I would be de-lighted to do that. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, 
may I inquire how much time I have? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman has 12
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. I yield such 
time as he may consume to the gen-tleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ). 
(Mr. YOUNG of Alaska asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, 
this bill is a good piece of legislation. I want to thank Mr. M
ULLIN for bring-
ing it up. 
While we are on the subject, I would 
like to talk about the necessity of ICWA, the Child Welfare Act of this Congress past which I was a sponsor of. 
The gentleman is here. So we won’t 
talk about ICWA today. We will just let Mr. M
CCLINTOCK get in here and 
make his statement. Eventually, Mr. Speaker, I will talk about the foster care homes, the need for volunteers, so we don’t have 300 children in my State staying with State supervision instead of adopted. So we will talk about that later. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, 
with great appreciation to my good friends from Oklahoma and Virginia and Alaska, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 533. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
DESIGNATING A MOUNTAIN IN 
THE JOHN MUIR WILDERNESS AS SKY POINT 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 979) to designate a mountain in the John Muir Wilderness of the Si-erra National Forest as ‘‘Sky Point’’. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 979 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Staff Sergeant Sky Mote, USMC, grew 
up in El Dorado, California. 
(2) Staff Sergeant Mote graduated from 
Union Mine High School. 
(3) Upon graduation, Staff Sergeant Mote 
promptly enlisted in the Marine Corps. 
(4) Staff Sergeant Mote spent 9 years serv-
ing his country in the United States Marine Corps, including a deployment to Iraq and two deployments to Afghanistan. 
(5) By his decisive actions, heroic initia-
tive, and resolute dedication to duty, Staff Sergeant Mote gave his life to protect fellow Marines on August 10, 2012, by gallantly rushing into action during an attack by a rogue Afghan policeman inside the base pe-rimeter in Helmand province. 
(6) Staff Sergeant Mote was awarded the 
Navy Cross, a Purple Heart, the Navy-Marine Corps Commendation Medal, a Navy-Marine Corps Achievement Medal, 2 Combat Action Ribbons and 3 Good Conduct Medals. 
(7) The Congress of the United States, in 
acknowledgment of this debt that cannot be repaid, honors Staff Sergeant Mote for his ultimate sacrifice and recognizes his service to his country, faithfully executed to his last, full measure of devotion. 
(8) A presently unnamed peak in the center 
of Humphrey Basin holds special meaning to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.012 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3590 June 1, 2015 
the friends and family of Sky Mote, as their 
annual hunting trips set up camp beneath this point; under the stars, the memories made beneath this rounded peak will be cher-ished forever. 
SEC. 2. SKY POINT. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The mountain in the 
John Muir Wilderness of the Sierra National Forest in California, located at 37°15′16.10091 ″N 118 °43′39.54102 ″W, shall be 
known and designated as ‘‘Sky Point’’. 
(b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, 
map, regulation, document, record, or other paper of the United States to the mountain described in subsection (a) shall be consid-ered to be a reference to ‘‘Sky Point’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gentleman 
from Virginia (Mr. B EYER ) each will 
control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
There are some times when we can do 
nothing to repay the sacrifice that our fellow men have done for us; but, in some small way, we can try to show our gratitude. This is one bill that does that. 
I yield such time as he may consume 
to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ), the sponsor of this piece 
of legislation. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman, the chairman of the Committee on Natural Resources, for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, Marine Staff Sergeant 
Sky Mote cared about a lot of things— his fellow Marines, his country, his family, his community—but his father, Russell, recalled, ‘‘He never cared about medals. He never showed them to us. Once,’’ he said, ‘‘I found one in his laundry.’’ 
The irony is that Staff Sergeant Sky 
Mote received the second highest medal that our country can bestow upon a Marine, the Navy Cross, for his heroism in defending his fellow Ma-rines on the last day of his life, August 10, 2012. 
The Navy Cross is in addition to the 
Purple Heart, the Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medal, the Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal, two Combat Action Ribbons, and three Good Conduct Medals that he earned during his 9 years of exemplary service to our Nation. 
In the U.S. Marine Corps, that prides 
itself on maintaining the highest standards of the American military tradition, Staff Sergeant Sky Mote stands conspicuously above and be-yond. On that day, that last day of his life, 
Sergeant Mote was at his post in the tactical operations center of the 1st Marine Special Operations Battalion in Helmand province. On that day, a so- called Afghan police officer opened fire on the Marines who had come there to help that country. 
When the attack broke out, Sergeant 
Mote was in an adjoining room. He could have easily escaped to safety. Ac-cording to the Navy’s citation, ‘‘He in-stead grabbed his M4 rifle and entered the operations room, courageously ex-posing himself to a hail of gunfire in order to protect his fellow Marines. In his final act of bravery, he boldly en-gaged the gunman, now less than 5 me-ters in front of him, until falling mor-tally wounded.’’ 
According to the citation, it was 
Mote’s actions that stopped the attack and forced the attacker to flee. It was this heroism for which he received the Navy Cross. 
We know that he didn’t care much 
about medals, but he cared so deeply about his Marine Corps brothers that he gave his life for them. Many who would have perished that day will go on to lead long and productive and prosperous lives because Sky Mote sac-rificed his own for them, as did Captain Matthew Manoukian of Los Altos Hills, California, who also gave his life to de-fend his fellow Marines that day. 
Staff Sergeant Mote and his unit had 
been in the thick of the fighting in Af-ghanistan, often functioning as a com-mando force. During their tour in Puzeh, he and his unit were often en-gaged in daylong firefights, and Mote in particular had often exposed himself to grave danger. 
His family didn’t know a lot of this 
at the time. His stepmother, Marcia, said: ‘‘He’d always say, ‘I’m going to be on a camping trip’ or ‘I’m going to go on a hike.’ He didn’t want to give us any reason to worry.’’ 
His father said that, although his son 
was indifferent to medals, he was in-tentionally proud of his EOD badge designating his service as an explosive ordnance disposal technician. 
Russell Mote explained: ‘‘He was just 
a humble person doing his job, and his job was to protect his team. He was not like a gung ho military person. You wouldn’t know he was in the Special Forces.’’ 
To the EOD technicians, bombs are 
not something to be avoided, but some-thing to be sought out and disarmed. On one such day, Mote defused two IEDs; crawled through a heavily seeded minefield to save the life of his team leader, who had been severely wounded by a third; and then directed the evacu-ation of his unit. On that day, Sergeant Mote had earned a Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medal with a V for valor. 
On another very different day nearly 
3 years ago, Sergeant Mote returned home for the last time. Thousands of his countrymen stretched out more than a mile on El Dorado Hills Boule-vard to silently express their gratitude 
and respect for this hometown hero. 
Hundreds more lined overpasses to 
pay their respects along the motorcade route. Still more stood silent vigil in front of Silva Valley Elementary School and Rolling Hills Middle School, where he had attended, as the procession passed by. A thousand more waited for him at the church. 
Many knew him by his deeds; a fortu-
nate few knew him as a person and re-counted stories of his growing up in that community. His father recalled: ‘‘Sky loved life, family, and friends, and he loved being a Marine. He loved to surf. He loved to hunt and hike in the Sierra.’’ 
Marcia perhaps put it best when she 
said: ‘‘He was just everybody’s friend, and he would do anything for any-body.’’ 
Sky Mote was 27 on that fateful day 
in Afghanistan. He was born June 6, 1985, in Bishop, California. When he was still young, his parents divorced, and his father brought his children to El Dorado. He married Marcia, and there, they raised Sky and their four other sons. 
There, Sky joined the 4–H. He raised 
pigs and rode horses. He joined the Civil Air Patrol. At Union Mine High School, he lettered in track and cross country. He camped and biked and hiked with his family throughout the Sierra. 
From the time he was a child, he 
spoke of some day joining the military and defending his country. Right after graduation in 2003, he did just that. Nine years later, he returned home to be laid to rest by a country that honors him, a hometown that remembers him, and a family that misses him. 
Mr. Speaker, I wanted to share a lit-
tle of what I learned about Marine Staff Sergeant Sky Mote because it helps to answer the question that James Michener first asked: ‘‘Where do we get such men?’’ 
Well, we get them from the heart and 
soul of America. We get them from good and decent families like the Motes. We get them from little towns like El Dorado, California. 
We come here today, to the Hall of 
the House of Representatives, to try to honor a hero who didn’t care much about medals. Lincoln, at Gettysburg, noted our difficulty in doing so when he looked over the quiet battlefield and noted that ‘‘in a larger sense, we can-not dedicate, we cannot consecrate, we cannot hallow this ground. The brave men, living and dead, who struggled here have consecrated it far beyond our poor power to add or detract.’’ 
b1530 
But nevertheless, we try. 
Lincoln was right: we cannot add to 
the honor of his deeds. We come, in-stead, to draw inspiration from them. We reflect on a young life, with all the hopes and joys and aspirations of a long and productive lifetime ahead, all sacrificed for a country that, to this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN7.005 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3591 June 1, 2015 
day, represents what Lincoln called the 
‘‘last best hope of mankind.’’ 
We come in gratitude to know that in 
every generation, there are such heroes among us who will step forth from the safety of hearth and home and into mortal peril to protect their fellow citizens. Patton put it best when he said: ‘‘It is foolish and wrong to mourn the men who died. Rather, we should thank God that such men lived.’’ 
We come out of recognition that al-
though the suffering of these fallen he-roes has ended, the suffering of their families goes on day in and day out. There are Gold Star families among us who spend their Memorial Days not at barbecues and beach parties but in sol-emn ceremonies and quiet vigils around honored graves. We honor their loved ones in hopes that in some small way, we can help fortify them against the loss that they bear every day of their lives. 
But most of all, we come in recogni-
tion of Shakespeare’s plea that ‘‘this story shall the good man teach his son.’’ 
A few years ago, I had the honor to 
visit members of the 3rd United States Infantry Old Guard who tend the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier at Arlington Cemetery. They are meticulously dressed and painstakingly drilled as they honor the memory of our fallen warriors. 
It is quite an impressive sight. And 
on a warm spring day like this, thou-sands of tourists will show up to watch and to join the Old Guard for a moment to honor the sacrifices memorialized at the tomb. 
Tourists don’t often show up during 
hurricanes or in driving snowstorms or at 2 o’clock in the morning in sleet and hail, but the Old Guard does. They commit 2 years of their lives to this service, under the strictest of condi-tions. 
I asked this young sergeant, ‘‘Why? 
Why do you do this?’’ 
His answer was simple and direct: 
‘‘Because, sir, we want to demonstrate to our fellow Americans that we will never forget.’’ 
For that reason, Mr. Speaker, I bring 
this bill to the House today with the unanimous support of the entire Cali-fornia congressional delegation. We do so to ensure that our fellow Americans never forget Marine Staff Sergeant Sky Mote. 
In consultation with his family, we 
have identified a mountain in the John Muir Wilderness of the Sierra National Forest overlooking where Sky Mote and his family often camped and hiked. This bill proposes that it forever more be known as Sky Point as a token of our Nation’s respect of his heroism, its appreciation of his sacrifice, its sym-pathy for his family, and of its solemn pledge that succeeding generations of his countrymen will never forget him. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 979 will designate a 
mountain peak in the John Muir Wil-derness of the Sierra National Forest 
in California as Sky Point in recogni-tion of fallen Marine Corps Staff Ser-geant Sky Mote. 
Sky served our country honorably as 
a U.S. marine for 9 years. He had one tour of duty in Iraq and two in Afghan-istan. As a member of the 1st Marine Special Operations Battalion, he was deployed to Afghanistan as part of Op-eration Enduring Freedom. However, on August 10, 2012, Sky’s battalion re-ceived heavy gunfire from an attacker dressed as an Afghan police officer. 
Jumping into action, Sky exposed 
himself to the gunfire in order to dis-tract the shooter and draw his atten-tion away from his fellow Marines. In his final act of valor, he engaged the attacker in the open, allowing his com-rades to find safety. 
For his heroic actions, Sky received 
the Navy Cross, a Purple Heart, the Navy-Marine Corps Commendation Medal, a Navy-Marine Corps Achieve-ment Medal, two Combat Action Rib-bons, and three Good Conduct Medals. 
The mountain peak this bill seeks to 
name in his honor was very special to him. Every year, creating lasting memories, Staff Sergeant Mote and his family would set up camp beneath its point on hunting trips to the area. By designating that mountain peak ‘‘Sky Point,’’ we will honor Sky Mote’s memory and ensure his selfless sac-rifice for his country and fellow Ma-rines is not forgotten. 
I just hope that the many hunters, 
mountaineers, and backpackers who visit Sky Point have an opportunity to learn of the man for whom the peak is named. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, 
we can name this unnamed peak as a small measure of our Nation’s grati-tude to this noble soldier, noble war-rior, Staff Sergeant Sky Mote, for all he has done for us on our behalf. It is a fitting tribute, and it is the least that we can do for him and his family. 
With that, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 979. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
STRENGTHENING FISHING COMMU-
NITIES AND INCREASING FLEXI-BILITY IN FISHERIES MANAGE-MENT ACT 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 1335. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 274 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 1335. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from New York (Mr. C
OLLINS ) to pre-
side over the Committee of the Whole. 
b1537 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 1335) to amend the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to provide flexibility for fishery managers and stability for fishermen, and for other purposes, with Mr. C
OLLINS of 
New York in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. 
The gentleman from Utah (Mr. 
B
ISHOP ) and the gentleman from Ari-
zona (Mr. G RIJALVA ) each will control 
30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Utah. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Chairman, H.R. 1335 makes a de-
cent Federal law a better Federal law, and I commend the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) for his leadership 
and his dedication to strengthening and updating our Federal fisheries laws. 
The bill that we have before us today 
on the floor represents years of hard work on a comprehensive reauthoriza-tion of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act. That is why this bill was given such a high priority by our committee and was such a major effort of trying to make this one of the first bills we brought out. 
This bill was originally passed in 
1976, was updated in 1996 and again in 2006, and illustrates the same principle: that all bills age. And though prin-ciples of government may be eternal, specific administrative laws are in need of constant review by a legislative body. That is our job. This bill does that. It is a good bill for our economy. It is a good bill for our jobs. 
In 2012, the seafood industry had a 
sales impact of $141 billion, $59 billion in value-added impacts, and supported 1.3 million jobs earning $39 billion in income. 
The U.S. commercial fishermen di-
rectly contributed with 9.6 billion pounds of fish and shellfish harvested, earning another $5.1 billion in revenue from their catches. There are 11 mil-lion recreational saltwater anglers, spending $25 billion on trips and gear in 2012, generating $58 billion in sales im-pacts and supporting 300,000 to 400,000 U.S. jobs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.016 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3592 June 1, 2015 
Commercial and recreational fisher-
men and the seafood industry that manages how the fish get from the boat to our table, they support this legisla-tion. I want to reemphasize that that is perhaps unique. For the first time, all three elements—commercial, seafood industry, recreational fishermen—are all in support of updating this law in this particular fashion. 
This bill provides flexibility, and it is 
a bill for the entire Nation. So it pro-vides the flexibility that is essential for the fishing community in New Eng-land. It provides and incorporates State and local data on making fish population assessments, which is sig-nificant for the fish community in the Gulf of Mexico. It provides greater transparency as to how management decisions are made in a very open way, which is what it is supposed to be doing in the first place. 
The proposed changes were not devel-
oped overnight. The Natural Resources Committee held 10 hearings, heard more than 80 witnesses over the last 4 years in deliberating over the changes that are needed to this particular law. That is why I am very pleased with the positive statements that have been made by both sides of the aisle on this legislation. 
During the last Congress, the rank-
ing member at that time said ‘‘the changes that were negotiated on a number of provisions of the bill’’ were something for which he thanked the majority. 
Another one of the minority mem-
bers was quoted also as saying: ‘‘I do appreciate the fact that you reached out to us on the Democratic side of the aisle and many of the provisions, as you mentioned, that are in the bill did come from input from the Democratic side.’’ 
Those words speak for themselves. 
This bill is the product of years of work, having reached out to Members on both sides of the aisle, having reached out to Members in different re-gions of our country, reached out to stakeholders of varying perspectives, and we reached out to the agency to craft a reauthorization that improves the process. We have done that. 
It is unfortunate in my mind the ad-
ministration recently announced oppo-sition to this bill. Rather than giving you my thoughts on that—or maybe that is a reason why you would support it in the first place—let me simply quote the New Bedford Standard- Times. They did an editorial in their paper in that bastion of conservatism, Massachusetts. They disagreed with the White House’s opposition to the bill, and they ended by saying: ‘‘Look-ing at the bill and its accomplishment of making management more respon-sive to science, and contrasting it with the empty arguments of the White House policy statement, it seems very clear where politics fits into this.’’ 
Mr. Chairman, this bill is a win for 
consumers. It is a win for the industry that puts food on our tables. It is a win for the restaurants. It is a win for the 
recreational fishermen. It is a win for better and more transparent science. It is a win for our environment. It is a win for the American taxpayers. There is no significant increase in the cost, but there is a significant increase in the solutions in this area, which is, once again, why all the major players who were involved in this—both the commercial side, recreational side—are in common agreement that this is the way we need to go forward. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Last year, the Natural Resources 
Committee reported a bill almost iden-tical to this one with only one Demo-cratic Member voting in favor. Dubbed the ‘‘Empty Oceans Act’’ by fishermen and conservationists across the coun-try, the bill met stiff opposition both on and off Capitol Hill, and the Repub-lican leadership did not bring it up for consideration by the full House. That showed remarkable restraint and good judgment. 
Fast forward 1 year to today’s debate 
and the vote on legislation that has the same flaws and has drawn the same op-position. The only real difference is this time around, not a single com-mittee Democrat voted to report the bill. Committee Republicans did not reach out to us to discuss changes that might have made this a bipartisan ef-fort, even though the original Magnu-son-Stevens Act and the 1996 and 2006 reauthorizations were bipartisan and passed both Houses of Congress with virtually no opposition. 
Those efforts made necessary, legiti-
mate, and incremental changes to U.S. fisheries law that have moved us closer and closer to achieving the goal of sus-tainable, profitable fisheries. We had an opportunity to reauthorize Magnu-son and continue moving in the right direction, but once again, House Re-publicans have let partisanship get in the way of progress. 
Instead of working with us to craft 
thoughtful, targeted legislation to up-date Magnuson, Republicans have taken this as an opportunity to assault bedrock conservation laws while at the same time taking us back to fisheries management policies that we know have failed fishing communities in the past. 
As Chairman B
ISHOP said himself, 
when testifying before the Rules Com-mittee last month, these are ‘‘not just modest amendments, these are major amendments.’’ I could not agree more. 
b1545 
Provisions in the bill which will end 
successful efforts to rebuild overfished stocks and coastal economy are major amendments. Short-circuiting public review under NEPA is a major amend-ment. Overriding the Endangered Spe-cies Act, the Antiquities Act, and the National Marine Sanctuaries Act laws that have made fisheries more sustain-
able and productive by protecting vul-nerable sea life and valuable ocean habitat are major, major amendments. 
These amendments are also unneces-
sary. NOAA recently announced that the value of U.S. fisheries has reached an all-time high, while the number of overfished stock has reached an all- time low. We should celebrate these gains, but also recognize we have room for improvement. 
Not all fisheries have received the 
benefit of the transition to the sustain-able harvest levels because transition is still underway. For example, over-fishing of Atlantic cod in New England waters occurred in 2013 and 2014, de-spite the Magnuson mandate to end overfishing. The science-based con-servation measures in the law will end this overfishing, rebuild the stocks, but not if the bill before us were to become law. 
We must stay the course: fully re-
build fisheries that can contribute and will contribute $31 billion to the econ-omy and support half a million new jobs. We cannot afford to go back to the bad old days where politics trumped science in fishery manage-ment. Instead, let’s go back to the drawing board and work together on a bill to reauthorize Magnuson-Stevens and keep improving on our fisheries. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
The CHAIR. The Committee will rise 
informally. 
The Speaker pro tempore (Mr. 
M
CCLINTOCK ) assumed the chair. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE 
A message from the Senate by Ms. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed bills of the following titles in which the concur-rence of the House is requested: 
S. 184. An act to amend the Indian Child 
Protection and Family Violence Prevention Act to require background checks before fos-ter care placements are ordered in tribal court proceedings, and for other purposes. 
S. 246. An act to establish the Alyce Spot-
ted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Children, and for other purposes. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Committee will resume its sitting. 
f 
STRENGTHENING FISHING COMMU-
NITIES AND INCREASING FLEXI-BILITY IN FISHERIES MANAGE-MENT ACT 
The Committee resumed its sitting. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I am pleased to yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ), 
the sponsor of this piece of legislation. He is the senior member of our com-mittee, as well as someone who knows more about this issue than probably anyone else on the floor. 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Thank you to 
the chairman of the full committee. 
Mr. Chairman, history is a wonderful 
thing. People who went through the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.017 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3593 June 1, 2015 
same experiences see things dif-
ferently. For the record, I would like to correct the ranking member. While he is correct that the Magnuson bill that eventually became public law, H.R. 4946, passed the House under suspension of the rules, the original bill which passed the Natural Resources Com-mittee, H.R. 5018, passed after a very long markup, with a vote of 26–15, with only four Democrats voting in favor of the bill. The gentleman from Arizona voted against the bill and signed dis-senting views with six other Demo-crats. So this point that the previous reauthorization acts were non-controversial and nonpartisan is not true. I think whoever wrote that for the gentleman ought to, again, do a lit-tle correct history. 
Mr. Chairman, as one who sponsored 
this bill way back in 1975, and it be-came law in 1976, it is probably the most successful legislation that ever passed this House to create a sustain-able yield of fisheries for the United States of America. And to have some-one try to hijack this legislation by in-terest groups when all those involved— the fishermen, the recreational, the commercial, the restaurants, the con-servationists that know fisheries, the State of Alaska and all other States— support the Magnuson Act and the im-provements we have made in this bill— yes, we have some flexibility. 
The bill would amend the Magnuson- 
Stevens Fisheries Conservation Act, the premier law, as I mentioned before. It allows for regional management of fisheries. The law gives guidance through its national standards and cre-ates the process that allows the coun-cils to develop fishery management plans. The councils provide a regional or constituent-based approach. 
Remember, this is not about the gov-
ernment. This bill was written by this Congress for the people, not NOAA, not NMSA, not the State Department, not the Sierra Club, and not the Pew group. It was written for fishermen for sustainable yields of fish for the com-munities. It provides a regional con-cept. It is critical to the protection of coastal economies and for allowing the stakeholders to be part of the manage-ment of the fisheries. 
To address the ever-changing needs 
of fisheries and fishing communities— and I have been through this thing four times from the original to today—the Congress has passed various amend-ments to this act. Changes were based on knowledge of the times gained through experience, improvements in science, and better management tech-niques. 
In the mid-1990s, Congress addressed 
overfishing, included protections for habitat, improvements for fisheries science, and reductions in bycatch. These were the issues of the time, and they were addressed as needed. A factor of that time also included the lack of resources to fund stock assessments to provide needed data to the regional fishery management councils, some-thing that continues to be an issue 
today. 
Mr. Chairman, a lot of decisions are 
made without science. The act was last amended in 2007. Congress included measures to set science-based annual catch limits to prevent overfishing, in-cluding a requirement to end over-fishing within 2 years. Accountability measures were adopted, which meant harvest reductions if harvest levels were exceeded. According to the Na-tional Marine Fisheries Service, we have now reached the point where over-fishing has effectively ended in this country. 
H.R. 1335 started being developed 4 
years ago. The committee held over a dozen hearings, with testimony from over 100 witnesses. As with past reau-thorizations and in line with a main purpose of the act—to balance con-servation with economic use of the re-source—H.R. 1335 follows a middle road. 
While many today may complain the 
bill’s flexibility rolls back scientific protections, that is just not accurate. The flexibility in the bill is based on science. Rebuilding of fish stocks will be based on the biology of fish stock. Harvest levels will still be based on science and at levels where overfishing will not occur. The regional councils will continue to follow recommenda-tions of their Science and Statistical Committee. 
Mr. Chairman, during every reau-
thorization cycle, the Magnuson-Ste-vens Act is updated to be closely in sync with current-day science, manage-ment techniques, and knowledge. As the fishermen, communities, the coun-cils, and fishery managers develop bet-ter techniques and learn lessons from implementing the law, Congress can take that knowledge to improve that law. 
Flexibility is cornerstone of the law. 
The Magnuson-Stevens Act promotes regional flexibility recognizing dif-fering ocean conditions, variations in regional fisheries, different harvesting methods and management techniques, and distinct community impacts. 
Again, I want to stress this, Mr. 
Chairman. This bill was written for fish and communities, not all these other interest groups. As I said in the Rules Committee, I will not stand by and watch other interest groups hijack this piece of legislation, taking away the sustainable concept of our fisheries and the healthy concept of our fish-eries and the healthy concept of our communities for other reasons and other causes. If you want to do that, do it in an independent legislation. We don’t need any ocean antiquity acts. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-
man, we don’t need any sanctuaries in this bill. We don’t need some outside groups telling the fishermen, the com-munities, and the scientists—it is our 
belief—when they know little about it. 
I happen to have the largest coastline 
in the whole of the United States all put together, and we have done the job we should be able to do. This bill makes this job easier for the United States of America for giving us the ability to have a sustainable yield of fish and the communities to be taken care of. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I strongly 
urge the passage of this legislation. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Chairman, I agree with the dis-
tinguished chairman, Mr. Y
OUNG , that 
the Magnuson Act is working and that we should leave it alone and allow it to work. The inclusion of previous reau-thorizations of the Alaskan model, science-based, has been a key reason why it continues to work. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to 
the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. C
APPS ), my colleague. 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
my colleague for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong 
opposition to H.R. 1335, which would undermine the proven and effective management of our Nation’s fisheries. For nearly 40 years, the Magnuson-Ste-vens Fishery Conservation and Man-agement Act, MSA, has worked to pro-tect America’s fisheries and coastal economies. In more recent years, it has established programs to protect and re-store depleted fish stocks, ensuring these resources will be around for years to come. And, Mr. Chairman, these pro-grams are working. In fact, last year marked the lowest number of fishery stocks subject to overfishing or over-fished. 
Ensuring that fish stocks are healthy 
is essential to the long-term success of the fishing industry and to food and job security. But protecting and restoring these stocks require that we both ac-knowledge the need to manage our fisheries and fund the science nec-essary to properly assess their health. Unfortunately, H.R. 1335 does just the opposite. 
Instead of working in a bipartisan 
manner to improve and modernize MSA, H.R. 1335 would dismiss and roll back existing effective management ef-forts. It would weaken proven manage-ment standards. It would reduce the ef-ficacy of fish stock rebuilding pro-grams, and it will undermine existing laws that work in concert with MSA to protect our fisheries. And it would cre-ate gaping loopholes that allow for overfishing and mismanagement under the guise of increasing flexibility. These misguided provisions would threaten the viability of an entire in-dustry and harm the health of our oceans simply to benefit a few special interests. 
Mr. Chairman, effective fishery man-
agement ensures a sustainable industry by accounting for uncertainty and en-vironmental change. And MSA works 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.020 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3594 June 1, 2015 
hand in hand with other environmental 
legislation to ensure the long-term via-bility of fishery resources. Yet H.R. 1335 needlessly unravels this well-bal-anced system by undercutting other existing protections under key long-standing laws like the National Marine Sanctuaries Act, like the Endangered Species Act and the National Environ-mental Policy Act. 
Mr. Chairman, there is bipartisan 
agreement on the need to protect and promote America’s fishermen and the fishing industry, but rather than build-ing on what is already working under current law, this bill would gut the proven management system that is currently in place. 
We should work together and be 
striving to enhance smart, effective management and provide the resources our Nation’s fishing communities are asking for. H.R. 1335 is shortsighted and counterproductive, and I urge all my colleagues to oppose it. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. W
ITTMAN ) to further 
speak about a position or an issue that has the support of the recreation com-munity and the industry at the same time, which is unique. He is one of the senior members of our committee. 
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, as co- 
chairman of the Congressional Sports-men’s Caucus, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1335, the Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexi-bility in Fisheries Management Act, and would like to thank my colleagues, Chairman R
OB BISHOP and Sub-
committee Chairman D ONYOUNG , for 
all their efforts to bring this important piece of legislation to the House floor for a vote. 
Mr. Chairman, according to the lat-
est report released by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, in 2012, the U.S. domestic seafood industry had a sales impact of $141 bil-lion and supported approximately 1.3 million jobs. H.R. 1335 makes the nec-essary reforms to support these jobs and our fishermen by promoting better science and requiring State and local data to be considered in Federal deci-sionmaking about fisheries. 
Last year I spoke with commercial 
fishermen from the Pacific Coast, At-lantic Coast, and the Gulf of Mexico, and the common theme in our discus-sions was the need for better data and scientific analysis to improve manage-ment. 
The U.S. has a long and profitable 
heritage in fishing. To continue that heritage, we need to have quality, di-verse data and scientific analysis to fa-cilitate educated decisionmaking on fishery management. H.R. 1335 allows for just that. 
Mr. Chairman, the bill increases 
transparency and provides much-need-ed flexibility in the law for fishery managers to properly consider the en-vironmental and economic impacts of decisions affecting fishing commu-nities. And it is important to note that H.R. 1335 makes all of these key re-
forms to fisheries management without authorizing any new additional Federal spending. We can do the job with the existing resources. 
This bill also makes great strides in 
the saltwater recreational fisheries. Saltwater recreational fishing alone has a $70 billion impact on our Nation’s economy and supports over 454,000 jobs. Marinas, grocery stores, restaurants, motels, lodges, tackle shops, boat deal-erships, clothing manufacturers, gas stations, and a host of other businesses and entities benefit from the money spent by recreational anglers. 
b1600 
This industry does not just impact 
coastal communities but enables job creation and robust economic develop-ment in a variety of regions across the country. 
Improving recreational data collec-
tion and a transparent review of alloca-tions in the Southeast are all great tools that H.R. 1335 gives NOAA to ef-fectively manage a recreational indus-try that is a significant economic play-er in the United States economy. 
H.R. 1335 is widely supported by a co-
alition of sportsmen and conservation groups, including the Congressional Sportsmen’s Foundation and the Cen-ter for Coastal Conservation. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ 
on H.R. 1335 in support of access to our Nation’s resources and the 1.3 million jobs that are supported by fishing. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
In addition to more than 100 commer-
cial and recreational fishing groups and related businesses that have all op-posed this legislation from the Atlantic Coast, Pacific Coast, the Gulf of Mex-ico, and related fishery and commer-cial areas, John Sackton, Seafood News, a respected market analyst for seafood, said that this act is a ‘‘recipe for overfishing, unsustainability, and would move U.S. world-class fisheries management backwards.’’ 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman 
from Michigan (Mrs. D
INGELL ), ranking 
member of the Oversight and Investiga-tions Subcommittee for the Natural Resources Committee. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank my colleague for yielding. 
I rise in opposition to H.R. 1335, legis-
lation that is very important to reau-thorize the historically bipartisan Magnuson-Stevens Act. 
While I have nothing but the utmost 
respect for my colleague from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ), I am afraid that I fear 
that this legislation would take our fisheries management system in the wrong direction. 
The bottom line is Magnuson-Stevens 
is working today. U.S. fisheries have been remarkably successful since the last reauthorization in 2007, and if it isn’t broken, why should we try to fix it? 
According to NOAA, 37 important 
fish stocks have been rebuilt to healthy population levels since 2000, 
and the number of stocks subject to overfishing has been cut nearly in half since 2006. 
H.R. 1335 would eliminate critical 
conservation tools that have been es-sential to our recent success and would also undermine critical environmental laws like the National Environmental Policy Act and the Endangered Species Act. I hope that we can work towards a compromise so that Magnuson-Stevens can be reauthorized in a bipartisan manner, as the last two bills were. Until then, I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing H.R. 1335. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I am happy to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. 
HICE), another great worker and a 
member of our committee. 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1335, the Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexi-bility in Fisheries Management Act. 
Mr. Chairman, I would, first of all, 
like to thank the bill’s sponsor, our colleague from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ), for 
his continued leadership on this impor-tant issue. Additionally, I commend Chairman B
ISHOP for ensuring that this 
bill has gone through regular order while being considered by the Natural Resources Committee. 
H.R. 1335 makes necessary improve-
ments to the Magnuson-Stevens Act. As you know, Mr. Chairman, our U.S. commercial fishermen generated $5.1 billion in revenue between 2012 and 2014, and I know that with these nec-essary changes and improvements our fishermen will be able to contribute even more to our economy. 
In addition to the impact that H.R. 
1335 has had on our commercial fishing industry, this legislation also has a strong impact on the recreational side of the industry. For an industry that generates $58 billion in sales while sup-porting nearly 400,000 jobs, H.R. 1335 encourages our local professionals to have a more active role in determining regulatory measures rather than the one-size-fits-all management approach that has been used in the past. 
Furthermore, H.R. 1335 will also ad-
just the method of counting red snap-per mortality. This is an important issue for the recreational fishermen be-cause it will increase access to the waters in the Gulf of Mexico so that our Nation’s sportsmen have the abil-ity to enjoy our natural resources while making valuable contributions to the economy at the same time. 
Mr. Chairman, this legislation has 
been crafted in a delicate way to en-sure the necessary balance between our commercial and recreational fisher-men. Both sides of the fishing industry will benefit from this bill and provide our States with more input. 
I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 
1335. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.021 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3595 June 1, 2015 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to H.R. 1335, the Magnu-son-Stevens Act reauthorization before us today. 
Management of fisheries in the 
United States is extremely important, especially in my home State of New Jersey, where the fishing industry is an important economic driver of the State’s economy, generating billions of dollars a year in revenue and sup-porting tens of thousands of jobs. 
This bill passed out of the House Nat-
ural Resources Committee without a single Democratic vote, and President Obama has threatened to veto it. This doesn’t need to be a partisan issue. We should be working together in a bipar-tisan fashion to make commonsense re-forms to Magnuson-Stevens. 
There are important fishery manage-
ment reforms in this bill that I strong-ly support, such as the flexibility lan-guage and modifications to the annual catch limit requirements. However, I am troubled by the language in the bill that makes unnecessary changes to NEPA, the Endangered Species Act, the National Marine Sanctuaries Act, and the Antiquities Act. 
This bill would vest much of the au-
thority over these statutes in the fish-ery management councils instead of with the appropriate Federal agency. It is not appropriate to vest regulatory authority for these purposes in a body like a fishery management council. 
Fishery managers play an important 
role in crafting fishery management measures in consultation with NOAA fisheries. Yet, they lack the expertise to appropriately review and analyze the impacts and requirements of NEPA or the Endangered Species Act. 
The legislation, Mr. Chairman, does 
include specific language I authored on recreational data collection, and I would like to thank the authors for in-cluding this important section. The goal of this language is to ensure the fishery management councils are col-lecting the best information possible about recreational fishing. It would im-plement a grant program to allow States to improve recreational data collection and require the National Re-search Council to issue a report on im-provements that have been made and need to be made with recreational fish-ing data collection and surveying. This will help us understand what is actu-ally happening with fishing in any given year and ensure that we aren’t needlessly closing healthy fisheries. 
Mr. Chairman, there are positive re-
forms to Magnuson-Stevens in this leg-islation, but unfortunately it weakens important environmental laws such as NEPA and the ESA in the process. I think that is unfortunate. I wish we could have had a bipartisan bill that actually reforms Magnuson-Stevens in a preferable way. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I appreciate the gentleman from New 
Jersey joining us here. I have to admit in somewhat chagrin, I quoted you ear-
lier in my speech when you were saying something very positive about this bill last time around. But I would also like to state for the record the concept of the Garden State Seafood Association, which is from your home State of New Jersey and which also supports this bill, as they had said simply that it ad-justs ‘‘certain specific problematic reg-ulations that have not proven to func-tion as intended since they were added or amended in the last reauthorization a decade ago.’’ 
There are problems with the status 
quo this bill fixes. 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman 
from South Carolina (Mr. D
UNCAN ), 
also a farm worker of our committee, and with appreciation for an amend-ment that he added in committee that made a significant impact, especially for the recreational fisheries of Amer-ica. 
Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I want to thank the chair-man of the committee. 
I rise today in support of H.R. 1335, 
the Strengthening Fishing Commu-nities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act. 
I want to thank my colleagues on the 
Natural Resources Committee for in-cluding my amendment in support of the findings of the Morris-Deal Com-mission. 
One of the top priorities of the Mor-
ris-Deal Commission was requiring a review, and adjustment if warranted, of the allocations of mixed-sector fish-eries. 
Despite the tremendous importance 
that allocation decisions have in maxi-mizing the benefits that our fisheries provide to the Nation, Federal fisheries managers have refused to revisit allo-cations—most of which were deter-mined decades ago—primarily because of a lack of clear guidance on how deci-sions should be made and because these decisions are inherently difficult. 
My amendment included in the com-
mittee text would prompt the develop-ment of criteria that should be consid-ered in allocation decisions and require periodic allocation reviews. The lan-guage does not prescribe any specific shifts in existing allocations but rather a science-based review and potential adjustment if needed. 
Recognizing the high number of im-
portant recreational fisheries in the re-gion, the geographic scope of this pro-vision is limited to just the South At-lantic and the Gulf of Mexico. 
You see the poster beside me. As vice 
chairman of the Congressional Sports-men’s Caucus, I represent 1.3 million anglers in the organizations on this poster that they belong to that support this bill. 
Let us be clear: the goal here is to 
allow more fishermen, whether they are commercial fishermen or rec-reational anglers, to be able to take more fish in a responsible manner. We want policy based on sound science compatible with the facts in the water, not the uninformed opinions of an 
agenda-driven desk jockey bureaucrat in Washington, D.C. 
This provision was in the MSA reau-
thorization bills introduced by Sen-ators R
UBIO and Begich in the 113th 
Congress. 
Again, I want to thank my colleagues 
on the Natural Resources Committee for helping include this language, and I urge passage of the final bill. This is common sense to reauthorize Magnu-son-Stevens. The gentleman from Alas-ka has done a tremendous job on this, and I urge passage. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. P
INGREE ). 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank Mr. G RIJALVA for the time. 
I rise to support the reauthorization 
of the Magnuson-Stevens Act, but not the bill we have before us today. 
Like many of my colleagues here in 
Congress who represent coastal States, I know the importance of a vibrant fishery and the importance of Federal policy in this area that keeps our Na-tion’s fisheries moving forward. I live on a small offshore island, and many of my neighbors make their living as fish-ermen, as do many of my constituents. 
The most lucrative fishery in my 
area is for lobsters, and it is one of the most successful and sustainable fish-eries in America because lobstermen and -women have taken the long-term view. 
It is so successful and so sustainable 
because it has been carefully regulated for decades. Strict rules have led to bigger and bigger catches and rising in-come for fishermen. 
This fishery is proof that building a 
strong fishery happens first by ensur-ing there is a resource for fishermen to harvest. 
Iconic species like haddock and pol-
lock have been devastated by over-fishing. They can still make a come-back, but not if we turn our backs on them and the fishermen who depend on them. 
The collapse of many of these fish-
eries has taken its toll on fishing fami-lies and fishing communities, but slow-ly rebuilding these species is rebuilding our hope for the future. 
Now is not the time to abandon these 
efforts. Now is not the time to give up on the progress we have already made. 
The only way to guarantee healthy 
fishing communities over the long term is to rebuild the fish stocks using science-based methods, and I would ask my colleagues to support more funding for science. 
The future of many coastal commu-
nities is based on sustainable fisheries, not rolling back management systems that give just a few fishermen a short- term boost. 
I urge my colleagues to support 
many of the amendments that will be on the floor this afternoon that will try to improve this legislation, and I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the underlying bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:15 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.022 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3596 June 1, 2015 
b1615 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. M
AC-
ARTHUR ), another hard-working mem-
ber of our committee. 
Mr. M ACARTHUR. Mr. Chairman, 
there are probably almost as many boats as people in my district, and that is because I represent one of the most beautiful stretches of the Atlantic Ocean, from north to south, the south-ern part of the Jersey Shore. 
I have thousands of charter and com-
mercial fishermen and tens of thou-sands of recreational fishermen who ei-ther make their living from the sea or get some respite and go out and do some recreational fishing. 
I hear from them all the time that 
the current Magnuson-Stevens Act is simply not working any more for them. It is outdated. It is arbitrary. We are continuing to protect fish stocks that have been completely rebuilt, and it is based on knee jerk, not sound science today. It is desperately in need of re-form. 
The economic impact in my State 
alone is $1.3 billion from the rec-reational side and over $2 billion from the commercial side. It is 30,000 jobs. There is nobody who lives along the coast who wants to go back to the Wild West days when anyone can catch whatever they want and destroy the fish stocks. Nobody wants that, but the current system is not working, and it needs to be reformed. This is a good bill that offers real solutions. 
It preserves fish stocks; yet it recog-
nizes the needs of our fishermen, and it relies on fact-based science. An amend-ment that I proposed and I am particu-larly pleased with is that it encourages marine students to be involved in the data collection, and it requires the gov-ernment to look to them for that. We can do it at a lower cost and with bet-ter results. 
I encourage my colleagues not to let 
the perfect become the enemy of the good. It is a good bill, and it deserves to be approved. I urge my colleagues to stand behind it. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. G
RAHAM ). 
Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Chairman, in the 
panhandle of north Florida, red snap-per is a way of life. Thousands of com-mercial fishermen and charter boat captains depend on a healthy catch to make a living. 
Tens of thousands of recreational 
fishermen spend their free time and are personally invested in fishing, and hun-dreds of restaurants serve red snapper to hundreds of thousands of visitors to the area every year. Seafood is a $7 bil-lion industry the Gulf, and red snapper is a big part of it. 
Like any valuable asset, we need to 
preserve our fisheries for future gen-erations. I applaud the chairman and the ranking member for opening this dialogue about how we can improve current law, protect our ocean re-sources, and best serve our constitu-
ents. Unfortunately, I think this bill falls short in its current form. 
My constituents tell me there are 
more red snapper in the Gulf than there have been in a long time. I think that shows, at least in part, that this law is working, but I also hear of wide-spread distrust of the system and of the data that the system produces. In that regard, Magnuson isn’t working nearly as well as it could, and I want to recognize some of the healthy reforms in this bill that could improve the situ-ation. 
It is an extraordinary challenge to 
count all of the fish in the sea—it is nearly as hard to count how many fish are being caught—but I think we could do both better by getting the States and stakeholders more involved and by promoting modern electronic moni-toring technologies as this bill does. 
Despite those good provisions, Flor-
ida would not be Florida without ample opportunities for recreational fishing and a robust commercial fishing sector. While current law isn’t perfect, I think the contentious nature of this floor de-bate is a good indication that this bill isn’t going to do anything to narrow the divisions between sectors. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentle-
woman has expired. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. I yield the gentle-
woman an additional 30 seconds. 
Ms. GRAHAM. The better alternative 
is to keep doing what is working and to improve data collection techniques where they are lacking. 
To that end, I am proud to support an 
increase of $10 million, included in the CJS appropriations bill, aimed at im-proving the stock assessments and re-search needs for Gulf of Mexico fish stocks. These are the kinds of efforts that build real confidence in the fish-ery. I look forward to a meaningful conversation about how we can work together going forward. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I appreciate the courtesy you gave to the gentlewoman from Florida in al-lowing her to finish her statement. She illustrates very clearly how the prob-lems that exist are structural problems that can’t simply be solved if we just add more money to the situation. 
To further that issue, I yield 4 min-
utes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
EBER ). 
Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
I thank the gentlewoman from Florida for her comments. 
In Texas, we have a great snapper 
fishing industry as well—anglers, rec-reational. We have charter boat cap-tains. We have a lot of commercial in-dustry as well. By the way, my daugh-ter and first three grandchildren live in Florida, so Florida is my second home. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise to talk about 
H.R. 1335 and a proposed amendment by the gentleman from Louisiana, my great friend, G
ARRET GRAVES , to 
change the snapper fishing system. 
The problem is that the plan that has 
been developed in his amendment is ac-tually a plan that was developed by 
five people in secrecy who want to change the way NOAA does things and turn it over to the five States. That is a bad idea, and I will tell you why for just a whole bunch of reasons. 
The current plan has been working 
since 2007, which actually doubled the population of snapper. Indeed, it has provided a 30 percent increase in the quota this very season. Businesses have been working all along the Texas coast and—to my gentlewoman friend from Florida—the Florida coast and the whole Gulf Coast area to develop last-ing fisheries because their livelihoods depend on it. 
Mr. Chairman, I am an air condi-
tioning contractor. We have an air con-ditioning commission there in Texas that regulates us. We want people on that commission who understand the HVAC industry. We do everything in the industry to promote the industry, to make sure that we have a good, sta-ble industry that takes care of cus-tomers in Texas. 
I have to know and believe that it is 
the same way about the fishing indus-try. They want the fisheries to last. Restaurants depend on it. Americans depend on it. It is not just the anglers but those who want to go eat at some of the restaurants the gentlewoman from Florida referenced. There are a lot of groups opposed to Mr. G
RAVES ’ 
amendment—the National Restaurant Association, the Texas Restaurant As-sociation. Mr. Chairman, I have a list of 42 others. 
Gulf red snapper is an American 
treasure, and it should be accessible to all, not just to those who can get a boat and a trailer and go fish for them-selves. They ought to be available to all of the restaurants. We have heard the facts and figures about the number of jobs and the amount of revenue that have been brought in and how big that industry is. 
My good friend from Louisiana, Dr. 
J
OHNFLEMING , who is a member of the 
committee, has publicly stated that some tweaking is needed, but by all three groups of stakeholders: charter boat fishing, the commercial fishing industry, and the individual anglers. I heard with my own ears the chairman of the Natural Resources Committee state his willingness to work with all three groups in the coming days. 
Mr. Chairman, government should 
not be in the business of picking win-ners and losers. To allow the group of five States to implement a plan—an unknown plan, I might add—would only put pressure on those individual States to outsupply the other States with a longer fishing season to attract anglers, tourists, and their money to outcompete the other States. 
Fisheries would be devastated, and 
the livelihoods, jobs, and markets that are supplying red snapper to res-taurants all across the country would be gone. Ultimately, it is the American consumers, who have come to like the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:15 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.024 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3597 June 1, 2015 
local seafood, who would be disenfran-
chised, not to mention the businesses that supply them. 
Let’s not throw the baby out with 
the bathwater or, dare I say, the fish with the saltwater. Let’s bring all par-ties together in a thoughtful, delib-erate, meaningful discussion that bene-fits all involved, not just a few. 
For this reason, Mr. Chairman, I urge 
my colleagues to vote against the gen-tleman from Louisiana’s amendment, well intentioned though it may be. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, may I 
inquire as to how much time remains? 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from Ari-
zona has 14 minutes remaining. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to my esteemed col-league from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ), a member of the Natural 
Resources Committee. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, if 
gutting the successful conservation provisions of Magnuson were not 
enough, the problem also is that this bill will also weaken other bedrock en-vironmental laws. 
First, it makes Magnuson then in 
this reauthorization the controlling statute in the case of any kind of con-flict with the Antiquities Act or the National Marine Sanctuaries Act. 
If we think about this, there is no ra-
tionale for giving the councils that are authorized in Magnuson the authority to regulate fishing in marine sanc-tuaries or in monuments. Those areas represent just a tiny fraction of U.S. waters, and now, they are managed by scientists and other staff who consider more than just fishing interests. 
We are really here to understand how 
do we balance fishing with the other purposes in order to protect vulnerable species and habitats. For the same rea-son that we don’t allow State fish and game departments to make decisions about hunting in national parks or monuments on land, which we don’t allow, these councils should not make decisions about fishing in our parks, our national marine sanctuaries, or in our national monuments at sea, but that is not enough. 
The bill also takes a swipe at the En-
dangered Species Act by requiring these councils, not Federal agencies which are now responsible for the re-covery of species, to implement the fishery restrictions necessary for En-dangered Species compliance. These councils lack expertise, and they lack the resources to implement the Endan-gered Species Act. 
What are we going to end up with? 
We are going to end up with recoveries that are going to be delayed, and the negative impacts to fishing commu-nities are going to be prolonged, just the very thing that we wish not to hap-pen. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. As I said before, 
these assaults on key conservation laws are far outside the scope of a fish-
eries bill. We are really talking about a fisheries bill. We should not be talking about gutting key conservation laws. 
It is unfortunate that an historically 
bipartisan effort like the Magnuson re-authorization has now become the sub-ject of an antienvironmental crusade. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT), who 
will address an issue that will be part of this bill and the discussion as it comes up. 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. I 
thank the chairman, and I would also like to thank D
ONYOUNG for helping 
those of us recreational anglers as we try to remedy an injustice that has been done to the American sportsmen of the Gulf of Mexico. 
I have listened to some of my col-
leagues say we should be fair and peo-ple should come to the table. Let me tell you what is happening at the table. 
Mr. Chairman, the commercial fish-
ermen get to fish 365 days a year for red snapper in the Gulf of Mexico. They get to use long lines and winches; yet the National Marine Fisheries Services and Dr. Roy Crabtree, through the Gulf Council, have chosen to limit to 10 days the man and the woman who just want to take their kid fishing, 10 days. 
They think, by expanding the rec-
reational season back to where it was before, that somehow that would hurt the fish in the Gulf of Mexico. 
b1630 
Now they tell us that the reason they 
have had to cut us to 10 days is because there are so many more fish today and they are so much larger today that the recreational fishermen simply catch them much faster. 
Well, in 2007, the recreational angler 
had 194 days to fish with their families in the Gulf of Mexico—194 days. In 8 years, they have taken the American family, the American sportsman, down to simply 10 days. It is proof that the American sportsman doesn’t have a chance with the Federal Government in charge of the rulemaking process in the Gulf of Mexico with regard to the recreational snapper season. 
The Garrett amendment, which I sup-
port, as I support the chairman’s main piece of legislation, would simply give the States the right to set, based on science—not some arbitrary number, but based on science—the recreational seasons and bag limits for the rec-reational angler in the Gulf of Mexico. 
Mr. Chairman, that is the only way— 
that is the only way—that the rec-reational season will be restored as we, the recreational anglers, were promised it would be restored when the stocks came back. 
Now, one of the things I think we 
also need to discuss as we go forward with regard to snapper is who do the snapper belong to. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. I yield an addi-
tional 30 seconds to the gentleman. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, there are about 300 people that are currently allocated about 50 percent of the fish, the red snapper, in the Gulf of Mexico. When the commer-cial quota goes up, they automatically get an increase. Those fish belong to the public, and I think it is time to dis-cuss whether or not any increase in the commercial quota should actually come and be auctioned as any other public resource would be when we made those additional resources available. 
For now, the Garrett amendment 
goes a long way towards restoring the rights of the American angler, and I certainly hope that this House will support it. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
In closing, Congress first enacted the 
Fishery Conservation and Management Act in 1976, and the primary goals were two: to end the unregulated fishing by foreign fleets in U.S. waters, and to de-velop our domestic fleets that could reap the economic benefits of all the fishery resources, considerable re-sources that our Nation had. 
The law worked. Foreign fishing was 
phased out and investments in domes-tic fleets were increased. Unfortu-nately, this capitalization worked so well that domestic fishing soon re-placed foreign fleets in overexploiting U.S. fisheries. 
In 1996 to 2007, the reauthorizations 
were enacted to end overfishing, pe-riod, promote rebuilding of overfished stocks, protect fish habitats, improve fisheries and habitats, and minimize bycatch. These changes ended over-fishing in nearly all fisheries and put overfished stocks on a path to rebuild-ing. Most important, they insulated fishery management councils from pressure to make politically driven de-cisions that hurt fishing communities in the long run. 
Contrary to those previous reauthor-
izations, H.R. 1335 was developed with very little input from Democrats and was ordered reported on a party line. I should note, at the last reauthoriza-tion, the other body made significant changes to the House-passed legislation and created a more bipartisan template that many of us could support. 
The supporters of this bill will argue 
that the requirement to rebuild over-fished stocks needs more flexibility, but the Magnuson Act has already proven to be plenty flexible. The law allows councils to delay rebuilding when the biology of the stock environ-mental conditions or international management considerations present challenges. Because of these broad but fair exemptions, more than 50 percent of all overfished stocks have rebuilding plans longer than a 10-year baseline in the act. 
Further, current law gives councils 2 
years to put a rebuilding plan in place 
and an additional year to reduce, rath-er than end, overfishing. That is 3 years of lead time before significant harvest restrictions go into effect. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:15 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.025 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3598 June 1, 2015 
What is more, the act only requires a 
rebuilding plan to have a 50 percent likelihood of success. If a council loses this coin flip, it does not have to shut down the fishery; instead, it has to start over. This is exactly how things have played out over the past few years with Atlantic cod in New England, where many argue the act has been too flexible. 
History shows us that when councils 
have an excuse to delay rebuilding overfished stocks, the job will never get done. This bill makes up the fol-lowing excuses that allow councils to avoid rebuilding: 
It is too hard to work with other 
countries that may be impacting the stock of the fish, so we should just catch more, too, and deplete the stock faster; 
The stock of the fish cannot be re-
built by only limited fishing, so there is no point to trying to limit fishing if the effort is 99 percent of the problem; 
It is inconvenient to rebuild the over-
fished stocks that swim with healthy stocks, so we should just keep catching the weak ones until they are listed under the Endangered Species Act; 
And my personal favorite, there are 
unusual events that make rebuilding more difficult. 
These excuses are each bad enough 
alone, but together they would render the rebuilding requirements of Magnu-son completely meaningless. This bill would not give the Magnuson Act more flexibility; it would break it. With that, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the legisla-tion. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
There are some agencies of govern-
ment that, if a bird were to fly over the Capitol, they would claim credit for it. That, perhaps, is one of the situations in which we find ourselves today. The problem is the status quo is not effec-tive; it is not working. 
Those who work and live in this area 
deal with this industry. They recognize that there is something that needs to be changed. That is why, as I stated earlier, the Garden State Seafood Asso-ciation said there are problematic reg-ulations that have not proven to func-tion as intended—that is, in the status quo—while the National Fisheries In-stitute, another group that actually supports this bill, wants to do so be-cause it would more effectively coordi-nate with the councils who are cur-rently there. 
We have a situation right now in 
which Southerners have spoken here— the gentleman from Texas, the gentle-woman from Florida—about problems that exist within the status quo. We are presenting, now, a bill that is sup-ported by those who are working in the industry, supported by those who are commercial fishermen, and it is also supported by all the groups that rep-resent the recreational fishers. They realize that this bill needs more flexi-bility. To have a standard 10-year plan for 
every species when some of those spe-cies don’t last 10 years is silly; it lacks common sense. We need to do that. There needs to be transparency, as some decisions are made behind closed doors. This bill mandates that that would not be the case. It needs to make sure that scientific data from all sources is used and recognized. That is not happening in the status quo. There needs to be the ability of cutting red tape. 
Some people have talked about the 
change of NEPA without recognizing first that the law already mandates a similar process to NEPA, which has the exact same information. Requiring all these agencies to go through their process and then go through NEPA does not add to effectiveness or effi-ciency but does add to the opportunity of greater litigation costs. 
All those issues are addressed in this 
particular bill. It needs to be reauthor-ized. We need to move forward. This is one of the bills that has taken a long time. It is 4 years in the process, with lots of discussion, lots of amendments. We are now moving this bill forward so it can go to the Senate. They can work their will. We can come back to a con-ference if necessary, but we must move forward in this for the benefit of the communities that use this area as their livelihood as well as this area as their recreation. The present system has flaws that need to be fixed. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Chair, I 
rise today in opposition to H.R. 1335, the Strengthening Fishing Communities and In-creasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act. This short-sighted legislation undermines the longterm sustainability of fish populations putting fish stocks, coastal communities, and our nation’s economy at risk. 
In California, we are fortunate to have ac-
cess to one of the world’s most productive marine ecosystems. The California Current system drives highly productive fisheries that support 158,000 jobs and more than $25 bil-lion annually in commercial and recreational sales impacts. Nationwide, fisheries generated $199 billion in sales impacts in 2012 and pro-vided 1.7 million jobs. Commercial and rec-reational fisheries are a critical part of this na-tion’s economy whose continued prosperity depends on getting fisheries management right. 
In 2015, California entered its fourth year of 
extreme drought. This winter’s snowpack lev-els were the lowest since 1950 and precipita-tion levels are at critical lows. That spells bad news for California salmon. High water tem-peratures lead to poor survival and low flows leave salmon stranded in drying pools. Unfor-tunately, this is not the first time we have faced this problem. In 2008, low flows and high in-stream temperatures coupled with low ocean productivity caused a crash in salmon populations, and for the first time since 1848, the California salmon fishery was closed and declared a federal fishery disaster. The Pacific Fishery Management Council had already pre-pared a fishery management plan for salmon, in accordance with the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act 
(MSA) guidelines, that prompted the fishery closure and set strict limits on harvest while the stock was rebuilding. Since the closure, salmon fisheries have rebounded, due in no small part to the swift action of the Council under the fishery management plan and re-building guidelines established by the MSA. 
While we cannot make it rain in California, 
we can ensure that well-informed manage-ment of offshore salmon fisheries do not jeop-ardize the sustainability of this commercially- valuable species. The more fish we conserve in the ocean, the more return to streams to spawn, increasing our chances of making it through this drought with a salmon fishery in-tact. 
The fact is, MSA is working. The implemen-
tation of stock rebuilding plans and annual catch limits have resulted in the recovery of 37 fish stocks since 2000. NOAA’s 2014 Status of Stocks report indicates that fish stocks that are overfished or subject to overfishing are at an all-time low. This is a far cry from the over-exploited, overcapitalized fisheries of the past. We should be moving forward to build on those successes, not rolling them back. Since 2006, commercial fisheries revenue has risen 43 percent, and the rebuilding of all U.S. fish stocks would provide an additional $31 billion in annual sales impacts and support 500,000 new jobs. Instead, H.R. 1335 would delay re-building timelines and allow exemptions to continue overfishing on depleted stocks, which is both ecologically and economically irrespon-sible. Current MSA provisions have proven their effectiveness in rebuilding stocks and provide the way forward for realizing our fish-eries’ full economic potential. There’s some-thing to be said for the old adage, ‘‘If it’s not broken, don’t fix it.’’ 
That’s not to say that fisheries management 
should remain stagnant. Just as scientific data collection and fisheries science is changing and improving, our fisheries management stat-ute should also change to reflect the best available science. Fisheries managers and sci-entists have acknowledged that there are areas for improvement, including providing more clarity and flexibility within the current statutory limits. To that end, NOAA’s National Marine Fisheries Service is currently under-taking a revision of the National Standard 1 guidelines, the regulations that govern fish-eries management objectives and stock re-building timelines, to provide greater clarity on which fish stocks require rebuilding plans, greater flexibility for rebuilding timelines, and to incorporate the latest in ecosystem-based fisheries management. The proposed revisions would address many of the concerns outlined in this bill without undermining the critical con-servation measures that have led to MSA’s success. The determination on how to best manage fish stocks for a sustainable, profit-able future is best left to the scientists, not Members of Congress. 
Our oceans are increasingly under threat 
from climate change and ocean acidification, making strong, effective fisheries management more critical than ever. Unfortunately, H.R. 1335 does not deliver and I urge a NO vote on H.R. 1335. 
The CHAIR. All time for general de-
bate has expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be 
considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:15 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.027 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3599 June 1, 2015 
In lieu of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Natural Resources, printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5- minute rule an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–16. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 1335 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Strengthening 
Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act, any term used that is defined in 
section 3 of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Con-servation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1802) shall have the same meaning such term has under that section. 
SEC. 3. REFERENCES. 
Except as otherwise specifically provided, 
whenever in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or re-peal of, a provision, the reference shall be con-sidered to be made to a provision of the Magnu-son-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Manage-ment Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.). 
SEC. 4. FLEXIBILITY IN REBUILDING FISH 
STOCKS. 
(a) G ENERAL REQUIREMENTS .—Section 304(e) 
(16 U.S.C. 1854(e)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking ‘‘pos-
sible’’ and inserting ‘‘practicable’’; 
(B) by amending subparagraph (A)(ii) to read 
as follows: 
‘‘(ii) may not exceed the time the stock would 
be rebuilt without fishing occurring plus one mean generation, except in a case in which— 
‘‘(I) the biology of the stock of fish, other en-
vironmental conditions, or management meas-ures under an international agreement in which the United States participates dictate otherwise; 
‘‘(II) the Secretary determines that the cause 
of the stock being depleted is outside the juris-diction of the Council or the rebuilding program cannot be effective only by limiting fishing ac-tivities; 
‘‘(III) the Secretary determines that one or 
more components of a mixed-stock fishery is de-pleted but cannot be rebuilt within that time- frame without significant economic harm to the fishery, or cannot be rebuilt without causing another component of the mixed-stock fishery to approach a depleted status; 
‘‘(IV) the Secretary determines that recruit-
ment, distribution, or life history of, or fishing activities for, the stock are affected by informal transboundary agreements under which man-agement activities outside the exclusive eco-nomic zone by another country may hinder con-servation and management efforts by United States fishermen; and 
‘‘(V) the Secretary determines that the stock 
has been affected by unusual events that make rebuilding within the specified time period im-probable without significant economic harm to fishing communities;’’; 
(C) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at 
the end of subparagraph (B), by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (C) and (D), and by inserting after subpara-graph (A) the following: 
‘‘(B) take into account environmental condi-
tion including predator/prey relationships;’’; and 
(D) by striking the period at the end of sub-
paragraph (D) (as so redesignated) and insert-ing ‘‘; and’’, and by adding at the end the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(E) specify a schedule for reviewing the re-
building targets, evaluating environmental im-pacts on rebuilding progress, and evaluating progress being made toward reaching rebuilding targets.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) A fishery management plan, plan amend-
ment, or proposed regulations may use alter-native rebuilding strategies, including harvest control rules and fishing mortality-rate targets to the extent they are in compliance with the re-quirements of this Act. 
‘‘(9) A Council may terminate the application 
of paragraph (3) to a fishery if the Council’s sci-entific and statistical committee determines and the Secretary concurs that the original deter-mination that the fishery was depleted was erro-neous, either— 
‘‘(A) within the 2-year period beginning on 
the effective date a fishery management plan, plan amendment, or proposed regulation for a fishery under this subsection takes effect; or 
‘‘(B) within 90 days after the completion of 
the next stock assessment after such determina-tion.’’. 
(b) E
MERGENCY REGULATIONS AND INTERIM  
MEASURES .—Section 305(c)(3)(B) (16 U.S.C. 
1855(c)(3)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘180 days after’’ and all that follows through ‘‘provided’’ and inserting ‘‘1 year after the date of publica-tion, and may be extended by publication in the Federal Register for one additional period of not more than 1 year, if’’. 
SEC. 5. MODIFICATIONS TO THE ANNUAL CATCH 
LIMIT REQUIREMENT. 
Section 302 (16 U.S.C. 1852) is amended by 
adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(m) C ONSIDERATIONS FOR MODIFICATIONS TO  
ANNUAL CATCH LIMITREQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) C ONSIDERATION OF ECOSYSTEM AND ECO -
NOMIC IMPACTS .—In establishing annual catch 
limits a Council may, consistent with section 302(h)(6), consider changes in an ecosystem and the economic needs of the fishing communities. 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATIONS TO ANNUAL CATCH LIMIT RE -
QUIREMENT FOR SPECIAL FISHERIES .—Notwith-
standing subsection (h)(6), a Council is not re-quired to develop an annual catch limit for— 
‘‘(A) an ecosystem component species; ‘‘(B) a fishery for a species that has a life 
cycle of approximately 1 year, unless the Sec-retary has determined the fishery is subject to overfishing; or 
‘‘(C) a stock for which— ‘‘(i) more than half of a single-year class will 
complete their life cycle in less than 18 months; and 
‘‘(ii) fishing mortality will have little impact 
on the stock. 
‘‘(3) R
ELATIONSHIP TO INTERNATIONAL FISHERY  
EFFORTS .—Each annual catch limit may, con-
sistent with section 302(h)(6), take into ac-count— 
‘‘(A) management measures under inter-
national agreements in which the United States participates; 
‘‘(B) informal transboundary agreements 
under which fishery management activities by another country outside the exclusive economic zone may hinder conservation efforts by United States fishermen for a fish species for which any of the recruitment, distribution, life history, or fishing activities are transboundary; and 
‘‘(C) in instances in which no transboundary 
agreement exists, activities by another country outside the exclusive economic zone that may hinder conservation efforts by United States fisherman for a fish species for which any of the recruitment, distribution, life history, or fishing activities are transboundary. 
‘‘(4) A
UTHORIZATION FOR MULTISPECIES COM -
PLEXES AND MULTIYEAR ANNUAL CATCH LIMITS .— 
For purposes of subsection (h)(6), a Council may establish— 
‘‘(A) an annual catch limit for a stock com-
plex; or ‘‘(B) annual catch limits for each year in any 
continuous period that is not more than three years in duration. 
‘‘(5) E
COSYSTEM COMPONENT SPECIES DE -
FINED .—In this subsection the term ‘ecosystem 
component species’ means a stock of fish that is a nontarget, incidentally harvested stock of fish in a fishery, or a nontarget, incidentally har-vested stock of fish that a Council or the Sec-retary has determined— 
‘‘(A) is not subject to overfishing, approaching 
a depleted condition or depleted; and 
‘‘(B) is not likely to become subject to over-
fishing or depleted in the absence of conserva-tion and management measures.’’. 
SEC. 6. DISTINGUISHING BETWEEN OVERFISHED 
AND DEPLETED. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 3 (16 U.S.C. 1802) is 
amended— 
(1) in paragraph (34), by striking ‘‘The terms 
‘overfishing’ and ‘overfished’ mean’’ and insert-ing ‘‘The term ‘overfishing’ means’’; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (8) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(8a) The term ‘depleted’ means, with respect 
to a stock of fish or stock complex, that the stock or stock complex has a biomass that has declined below a level that jeopardizes the ca-pacity of the stock or stock complex to produce maximum sustainable yield on a continuing basis.’’. 
(b) S
UBSTITUTION OF TERM.—The Magnuson- 
Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in the heading of section 304(e), by striking 
‘‘O
VERFISHED ’’ and inserting ‘‘D EPLETED ’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘overfished’’ each place it ap-
pears and inserting ‘‘depleted’’. 
(c) C LARITY IN ANNUAL REPORT .—Section 
304(e)(1) (16 U.S.C. 1854(e)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The report shall distinguish between fisheries that are de-pleted (or approaching that condition) as a re-sult of fishing and fisheries that are depleted (or approaching that condition) as a result of fac-tors other than fishing. The report shall state, for each fishery identified as depleted or ap-proaching that condition, whether the fishery is the target of directed fishing.’’. 
SEC. 7. TRANSPARENCY AND PUBLIC PROCESS. 
(a) A DVICE .—Section 302(g)(1)(B) (16 U.S.C. 
1852(g)(1)(B)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Each scientific and statistical committee shall develop such advice in a trans-parent manner and allow for public involvement in the process.’’. 
(b) M
EETINGS .—Section 302(i)(2) (16 U.S.C. 
1852(i)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(G) Each Council shall make available on 
the Internet Web site of the Council— 
‘‘(i) to the extent practicable, a Webcast, an 
audio recording, or a live broadcast of each meeting of the Council, and of the Council Co-ordination Committee established under sub-section (l), that is not closed in accordance with paragraph (3); and 
‘‘(ii) audio, video (if the meeting was in per-
son or by video conference), or a searchable audio or written transcript of each meeting of the Council and of the meetings of committees referred to in section 302(g)(1)(B) of the Council by not later than 30 days after the conclusion of the meeting. 
‘‘(H) The Secretary shall maintain and make 
available to the public an archive of Council and scientific and statistical committee meeting audios, videos, and transcripts made available under clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (G).’’. 
(c) F
ISHERY IMPACT STATEMENTS .— 
(1) R EQUIREMENT .—Section 303 (16 U.S.C. 
1853) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a), by striking paragraph 
(9) and redesignating paragraphs (10) through (15) as paragraphs (9) through (14), respectively; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.029 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3600 June 1, 2015 
(B) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) F ISHERY IMPACT STATEMENT .— 
‘‘(1) Any fishery management plan (or fishery 
management plan amendment) prepared by any Council or by the Secretary pursuant to sub-section (a) or (b), or proposed regulations deemed necessary pursuant to subsection (c), shall include a fishery impact statement which shall assess, specify and analyze the likely ef-fects and impact of the proposed action on the quality of the human environment. 
‘‘(2) The fishery impact statement shall de-
scribe— 
‘‘(A) a purpose of the proposed action; ‘‘(B) the environmental impact of the pro-
posed action; 
‘‘(C) any adverse environmental effects which 
cannot be avoided should the proposed action be implemented; 
‘‘(D) a reasonable range of alternatives to the 
proposed action; 
‘‘(E) the relationship between short-term use 
of fishery resources and the enhancement of long-term productivity; 
‘‘(F) the cumulative conservation and man-
agement effects; and 
‘‘(G) economic, and social impacts of the pro-
posed action on— 
‘‘(i) participants in the fisheries and fishing 
communities affected by the proposed action; 
‘‘(ii) participants in the fisheries conducted in 
adjacent areas under the authority of another Council, after consultation with such Council and representatives of those participants; and 
‘‘(iii) the safety of human life at sea, includ-
ing whether and to what extent such measures may affect the safety of participants in the fish-ery. 
‘‘(3) A substantially complete fishery impact 
statement, which may be in draft form, shall be available not less than 14 days before the begin-ning of the meeting at which a Council makes its final decision on the proposal (for plans, plan amendments, or proposed regulations pre-pared by a Council pursuant to subsection (a) or (c)). Availability of this fishery impact state-ment will be announced by the methods used by the council to disseminate public information and the public and relevant government agen-cies will be invited to comment on the fishery impact statement. 
‘‘(4) The completed fishery impact statement 
shall accompany the transmittal of a fishery management plan or plan amendment as speci-fied in section 304(a), as well as the transmittal of proposed regulations as specified in section 304(b). 
‘‘(5) The Councils shall, subject to approval 
by the Secretary, establish criteria to determine actions or classes of action of minor significance regarding subparagraphs (A), (B), (D), (E), and (F) of paragraph (2), for which preparation of a fishery impact statement is unnecessary and categorically excluded from the requirements of this section, and the documentation required to establish the exclusion. 
‘‘(6) The Councils shall, subject to approval 
by the Secretary, prepare procedures for compli-ance with this section that provide for timely, clear, and concise analysis that is useful to deci-sionmakers and the public, reduce extraneous paperwork and effectively involve the public, in-cluding— 
‘‘(A) using Council meetings to determine the 
scope of issues to be addressed and identifying significant issues related to the proposed action; 
‘‘(B) integration of the fishery impact state-
ment development process with preliminary and final Council decisionmaking in a manner that provides opportunity for comment from the pub-lic and relevant government agencies prior to these decision points; and 
‘‘(C) providing scientific, technical, and legal 
advice at an early stage of the development of the fishery impact statement to ensure timely transmittal and Secretarial review of the pro-posed fishery management plan, plan amend-ment, or regulations to the Secretary. ‘‘(7) Actions taken in accordance with this 
section are deemed to fulfill the requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and all related imple-menting regulations.’’. 
(2) E
VALUATION OF ADEQUACY .—Section 
304(a)(2) (16 U.S.C. 1854(a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end of subparagraph (B), striking the period at the end of subparagraph (C) and inserting ‘‘; and’’, and by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(D) evaluate the adequacy of the accom-
panying fishery impact statement as basis for fully considering the environmental impacts of implementing the fishery management plan or plan amendment.’’. 
(3) R
EVIEW OF REGULATIONS .—Section 304(b) 
(16 U.S.C. 1854(b)) is amended by striking so much as precedes subparagraph (A) of para-graph (1) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(b) R
EVIEW OF REGULATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) Upon transmittal by the Council to the 
Secretary of proposed regulations prepared under section 303(c), the Secretary shall imme-diately initiate an evaluation of the proposed regulations to determine whether they are con-sistent with the fishery management plan, plan amendment, this Act and other applicable law. The Secretary shall also immediately initiate an evaluation of the accompanying fishery impact statement as a basis for fully considering the en-vironmental impacts of implementing the pro-posed regulations. Within 15 days of initiating such evaluation the Secretary shall make a de-termination and—’’. 
(4) E
FFECT ON TIME REQUIREMENTS .—Section 
305(e) (16 U.S.C. 1855(e)) is amended by inserting ‘‘the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.),’’ after ‘‘the Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601 et seq.),’’. 
SEC. 8. LIMITATION ON FUTURE CATCH SHARE 
PROGRAMS. 
(a) C ATCH SHARE DEFINED .—Section 3 (16 
U.S.C. 1802) is amended by inserting after para-graph (2) the following: 
‘‘(2a) The term ‘catch share’ means any fish-
ery management program that allocates a spe-cific percentage of the total allowable catch for 
a fishery, or a specific fishing area, to an indi-vidual, cooperative, community, processor, rep-resentative of a commercial sector, or regional fishery association established in accordance with section 303A(c)(4), or other entity.’’. 
(b) C
ATCH SHARE REFERENDUM PILOT PRO-
GRAM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 303A(c)(6)(D) (16 
U.S.C. 1853a(c)(6)(D)) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(D) C
ATCH SHARE REFERENDUM PILOT PRO -
GRAM .— 
‘‘(i) The New England, Mid-Atlantic, South 
Atlantic, and Gulf of Mexico Councils may not submit a fishery management plan or amend-ment that creates a catch share program for a fishery, and the Secretary may not approve or implement such a plan or amendment submitted by such a Council or a secretarial plan or amendment under section 304(c) that creates such a program, unless the final program has been approved, in a referendum in accordance with this subparagraph, by a majority of the permit holders eligible to participate in the fish-ery. For multispecies permits in the Gulf of Mex-ico, any permit holder with landings from with-in the sector of the fishery being considered for the catch share program within the 5-year pe-riod preceding the date of the referendum and still active in fishing in the fishery shall be eligi-ble to participate in such a referendum. If a catch share program is not approved by the req-uisite number of permit holders, it may be re-vised and submitted for approval in a subse-quent referendum. 
‘‘(ii) The Secretary may, at the request of the 
New England Fishery Management Council, allow participation in such a referendum for a fishery under the Council’s authority, by fish-ing vessel crewmembers who derive a significant portion of their livelihood from such fishing. ‘‘(iii) The Secretary shall conduct a ref-
erendum under this subparagraph, including notifying all permit holders eligible to partici-pate in the referendum and making available to them— 
‘‘(I) a copy of the proposed program; ‘‘(II) an estimate of the costs of the program, 
including costs to participants; 
‘‘(III) an estimate of the amount of fish or 
percentage of quota each permit holder would be allocated; and 
‘‘(IV) information concerning the schedule, 
procedures, and eligibility requirements for the referendum process. 
‘‘(iv) For the purposes of this subparagraph, 
the term ‘permit holder eligible to participate’ only includes the holder of a permit for a fish-ery under which fishing has occurred in 3 of the 5 years preceding a referendum for the fishery, unless sickness, injury, or other unavoidable hardship prevented the permit holder from en-gaging in such fishing. 
‘‘(v) The Secretary may not implement any 
catch share program for any fishery managed exclusively by the Secretary unless first peti-tioned by a majority of those permit holders eli-gible to participate in the fishery.’’. 
(2) L
IMITATION ON APPLICATION .—The amend-
ment made by paragraph (1) shall not apply to a catch share program that is submitted to, or proposed by, the Secretary of Commerce before the date of enactment of this Act. 
(3) R
EGULATIONS .—Before conducting a ref-
erendum under the amendment made by para-graph (1), the Secretary of Commerce shall issue regulations implementing such amendment after providing an opportunity for submission by the public of comments on the regulations. 
SEC. 9. REPORT ON FEE. 
Section 304(d)(2) (16 U.S.C. 1854(d)(2)) is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(D) The Secretary shall report annually on 
the amount collected under this paragraph from each fishery and detail how the funds were spent in the prior year on a fishery-by-fishery basis, to— 
‘‘(i) Congress; and ‘‘(ii) each Council from whose fisheries the fee 
under this paragraph were collected.’’. 
SEC. 10. DATA COLLECTION AND DATA CON-
FIDENTIALITY. 
(a) E LECTRONIC MONITORING .— 
(1) I SSUANCE OF REGULATIONS .— 
(A) R EQUIREMENT .—The Secretary shall issue 
regulations governing the use of electronic mon-itoring for the purposes of monitoring fisheries that are subject to the Magnuson-Stevens Fish-ery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.). 
(B) C
ONTENT .—The regulations shall— 
(i) distinguish between monitoring for data 
collection and research purposes and monitoring for compliance and enforcement purposes; and 
(ii) include minimum criteria, objectives, or 
performance standards for electronic moni-toring. 
(C) P
ROCESS .—In issuing the regulations the 
Secretary shall— 
(i) consult with the Councils and fishery man-
agement commissions; 
(ii) publish the proposed regulations; and (iii) provide an opportunity for the submission 
by the public of comments on the proposed regu-lations. 
(2) I
MPLEMENTATION OF MONITORING .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), and after the issuance of the final regula-tions, a Council, or the Secretary for fisheries referred to in section 302(a)(3) of the Magnuson- Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1852(a)(3)), may, in accordance with the regulations, on a fishery-by-fishery basis and consistent with the existing objectives and management goals of a fishery management plan and the Act for a fishery issued by the Council or the Secretary, respectively, amend such plan— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:15 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01JN7.011 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3601 June 1, 2015 
(i) to incorporate electronic monitoring as an 
alternative tool for data collection and moni-toring purposes or for compliance and enforce-ment purposes (or both); and 
(ii) to allow for the replacement of a percent-
age of on-board observers with electronic moni-toring. 
(B) C
OMPARABILITY .—Subparagraph (A) shall 
apply to a fishery only if the Council or Sec-retary, respectively, determines that such moni-toring will yield comparable data collection and compliance results. 
(3) P
ILOT PROJECTS .—Before the issuance of 
final regulations, a Council, or the Secretary for fisheries referred to in section 302(a)(3), may, subject to the requirements of the Magnuson- Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act, on a fishery-by-fishery basis, and con-sistent with the existing objectives and manage-ment goals of a fishery management plan for a fishery issued by the Council or the Secretary, respectively, conduct a pilot project for the use of electronic monitoring for the fishery. 
(4) D
EADLINE .—The Secretary shall issue final 
regulations under this subsection by not later than 12 months after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(b) V
IDEO AND ACOUSTIC SURVEY TECH-
NOLOGIES .—The Secretary shall work with the 
Regional Fishery Management Councils and nongovernmental entities to develop and imple-ment the use pursuant to the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.) of video survey technologies and expanded use of acoustic survey tech-nologies. 
(c) C
ONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 402(b) (16 U.S.C. 
1881a(b)) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by amending subparagraph (B) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(B) to State or Marine Fisheries Commission 
employees as necessary for achievement of the purposes of this Act, subject to a confidentiality agreement between the State or Commission, re-spectively, and the Secretary that prohibits pub-lic disclosure of the identity of any person and of confidential information;’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘limited 
access’’ and inserting ‘‘catch share’’; and 
(iii) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘limited 
access’’ and inserting ‘‘catch share’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by inserting ‘‘, and information obtained through a vessel monitoring system or other technology used onboard a fishing vessel for en-forcement or data collection purposes,’’ after ‘‘information’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘or’’ after the semicolon at the 
end of subparagraph (B); and 
(iii) by striking subparagraph (C) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(C) as authorized by any regulations issued 
under paragraph (6) allowing the collection of observer information, pursuant to a confiden-tiality agreement between the observers, ob-server employers, and the Secretary prohibiting disclosure of the information by the observers or observer employers, in order— 
‘‘(i) to allow the sharing of observer informa-
tion among observers and between observers and observer employers as necessary to train and prepare observers for deployments on specific vessels; or 
‘‘(ii) to validate the accuracy of the observer 
information collected; or 
‘‘(D) to other persons if the Secretary has ob-
tained written authorization from the person who submitted such information or from the per-son on whose vessel the information was col-lected, to release such information for reasons not otherwise provided for in this subsection.’’; 
(C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (6); and 
(D) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: ‘‘(3) Any information submitted to the Sec-
retary, a State fisheries management agency, or a Marine Fisheries Commission by any person in compliance with the requirements of this Act, including confidential information, may only be used for purposes of fisheries management and monitoring and enforcement under this Act. 
‘‘(4) The Secretary may enter into a memo-
randum of understanding with the heads of other Federal agencies for the sharing of con-fidential information to ensure safety of life at sea or for fisheries enforcement purposes, in-cluding information obtained through a vessel monitoring system or other electronic enforce-ment and monitoring systems, if— 
‘‘(A) the Secretary determines there is a com-
pelling need to do so; and 
‘‘(B) the heads of the other Federal agencies 
agree— 
‘‘(i) to maintain the confidentiality of the in-
formation in accordance with the requirements that apply to the Secretary under this section; and 
‘‘(ii) to use the information only for the pur-
poses for which it was shared with the agencies. 
‘‘(5) The Secretary may not provide any ves-
sel-specific or aggregate vessel information from a fishery that is collected for monitoring and en-forcement purposes to any person for the pur-poses of coastal and marine spatial planning under Executive Order 13547, unless the Sec-retary determines that providing such informa-tion is important for maintaining or enhancing national security or for ensuring fishermen con-tinued access to fishing grounds.’’. 
(2) C
ONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION DEFINED .— 
Section 3 (16 U.S.C. 1802) is further amended by inserting after paragraph (4) the following: 
‘‘(4a) The term ‘confidential information’ 
means— 
‘‘(A) trade secrets; ‘‘(B) proprietary information; ‘‘(C) observer information; and ‘‘(D) commercial or financial information the 
disclosure of which is likely to result in harm to the competitive position of the person that sub-mitted the information to the Secretary.’’. 
(d) I
NCREASED DATACOLLECTION AND ACTIONS  
TOADDRESS DATA-POOR FISHERIES .—Section 
404 (16 U.S.C. 1881c) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) U
SE OF THE ASSET FORFEITURE FUND FOR  
FISHERY INDEPENDENT DATACOLLECTION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) The Secretary, subject to appropriations, 
may obligate for data collection purposes in ac-cordance with prioritizations under paragraph (3) a portion of amounts received by the United States as fisheries enforcement penalties. 
‘‘(B) Amounts may be obligated under this 
paragraph only in the fishery management re-gion with respect to which they are collected. 
‘‘(2) I
NCLUDED PURPOSES .—The purposes re-
ferred to in paragraph (1) include— 
‘‘(A) the use of State personnel and resources, 
including fishery survey vessels owned and maintained by States to survey or assess data- poor fisheries for which fishery management plans are in effect under this Act; and 
‘‘(B) cooperative research activities authorized 
under section 318 to improve or enhance the fishery independent data used in fishery stock assessments. 
‘‘(3) D
ATA-POOR FISHERIES PRIORITY LISTS .— 
Each Council shall— 
‘‘(A) identify those fisheries in its region con-
sidered to be data-poor fisheries; 
‘‘(B) prioritize those fisheries based on the 
need of each fishery for up-to-date information; and 
‘‘(C) provide those priorities to the Secretary. ‘‘(4) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
‘‘(A) The term ‘data-poor fishery’ means a 
fishery— 
‘‘(i) that has not been surveyed in the pre-
ceding 5-year period; 
‘‘(ii) for which a fishery stock assessment has 
not been performed within the preceding 5-year period; or ‘‘(iii) for which limited information on the sta-
tus of the fishery is available for management purposes. 
‘‘(B) The term ‘fisheries enforcement pen-
alties’ means any fine or penalty imposed, or proceeds of any property seized, for a violation of this Act or of any other marine resource law enforced by the Secretary. 
‘‘(5) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary for each fiscal year to carry out this subsection up to 80 percent of the fisheries en-forcement penalties collected during the pre-ceding fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 11. COOPERATIVE RESEARCH AND MANAGE-
MENT PROGRAM. 
Section 318 (16 U.S.C. 1867) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before 
the first sentence, and by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(2) Within one year after the date of enact-
ment of the Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Manage-ment Act, and after consultation with the Coun-cils, the Secretary shall publish a plan for im-plementing and conducting the program estab-lished in paragraph (1). Such plan shall identify and describe critical regional fishery manage-ment and research needs, possible projects that may address those needs, and estimated costs for such projects. The plan shall be revised and up-dated every 5 years, and updated plans shall in-clude a brief description of projects that were funded in the prior 5-year period and the re-search and management needs that were ad-dressed by those projects.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘F
UNDING ’’ 
and inserting ‘‘P RIORITIES ’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (1), by striking all after ‘‘in-
cluding’’ and inserting an em dash, followed on the next line by the following: 
‘‘(A) the use of fishing vessels or acoustic or 
other marine technology; 
‘‘(B) expanding the use of electronic catch re-
porting programs and technology; and 
‘‘(C) improving monitoring and observer cov-
erage through the expanded use of electronic monitoring devices.’’. 
SEC. 12. COUNCIL JURISDICTION FOR OVERLAP-
PING FISHERIES. 
Section 302(a)(1) (16 U.S.C. 1852(a)) is amend-
ed— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), in the second sen-
tence— 
(A) by striking ‘‘18’’ and inserting ‘‘19’’; and (B) by inserting before the period at the end 
‘‘and a liaison who is a member of the Mid-At-lantic Fishery Management Council to represent the interests of fisheries under the jurisdiction of such Council’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (B), in the second sen-
tence— 
(A) by striking ‘‘21’’ and inserting ‘‘22’’; and (B) by inserting before the period at the end 
‘‘and a liaison who is a member of the New Eng-land Fishery Management Council to represent the interests of fisheries under the jurisdiction of such Council’’. 
SEC. 13. GULF OF MEXICO FISHERIES COOPERA-
TIVE RESEARCH AND RED SNAPPER MANAGEMENT. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 407 (16 U.S.C. 1883), and 
the item relating to such section in the table of contents in the first section, are repealed. 
(b) R
EPORTING AND DATACOLLECTION PRO-
GRAM .—The Secretary of Commerce shall— 
(1) in conjunction with the States, the Gulf of 
Mexico Fishery Management Council, and the recreational fishing sectors, develop and imple-ment a real-time reporting and data collection program for the Gulf of Mexico red snapper fish-ery using available technology; and 
(2) make implementation of this subsection a 
priority for funds received by the Secretary and allocated to this region under section 2 of the Act of August 11, 1939 (commonly known as the ‘‘Saltonstall-Kennedy Act’’) (15 U.S.C. 713c–3). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:15 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01JN7.011 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3602 June 1, 2015 
(c) F ISHERIES COOPERATIVE RESEARCH PRO-
GRAM .—The Secretary of Commerce— 
(1) shall, in conjunction with the States, the 
Gulf States Marine Fisheries Commission and the Atlantic States Marine Fisheries Commis-sion, the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic Fishery Management Councils, and the commer-cial, charter, and recreational fishing sectors, develop and implement a cooperative research program authorized under section 318 for the fisheries of the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlan-tic regions, giving priority to those fisheries that are considered data-poor; and 
(2) may, subject to the availability of appro-
priations, use funds received by the Secretary under section 2 of the Act of August 11, 1939 (commonly known as the ‘‘Saltonstall-Kennedy Act’’) (15 U.S.C. 713c–3) to implement this sub-section. 
(d) S
TOCK SURVEYS AND STOCK ASSESS -
MENTS .—The Secretary of Commerce, acting 
through the National Marine Fisheries Service Regional Administrator of the Southeast Re-gional Office, shall for purposes of the Magnu-son-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Manage-ment Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.)— 
(1) develop a schedule of stock surveys and 
stock assessments for the Gulf of Mexico Region and the South Atlantic Region for the 5-year pe-riod beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and for every 5-year period thereafter; 
(2) direct the Southeast Science Center Direc-
tor to implement such schedule; and 
(3) in such development and implementation— (A) give priority to those stocks that are com-
mercially or recreationally important; and 
(B) ensure that each such important stock is 
surveyed at least every 5 years. 
(e) U
SE OF FISHERIES INFORMATION IN STOCK  
ASSESSMENTS .—The Southeast Science Center 
Director shall ensure that fisheries information made available through fisheries programs fund-ed under Public Law 112–141 is incorporated as soon as possible into any fisheries stock assess-ments conducted after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(f) S
TATE FISHERIES MANAGEMENT IN THE  
GULF OF MEXICO WITHRESPECT TO REDSNAP-
PER.—Section 306(b) (16 U.S.C. 1856(b)) is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(4) Notwithstanding section 3(11), for the 
purposes of managing the recreational sector of the Gulf of Mexico red snapper fishery, the sea-ward boundary of a coastal State in the Gulf of Mexico is a line 9 miles seaward from the base-line from which the territorial sea of the United States is measured.’’. 
(g) F
UNDING OF STOCK ASSESSMENTS .—The 
Secretary of Commerce and the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, shall enter into a coopera-tive agreement for the funding of stock assess-ments that are necessitated by any action by the Bureau with respect to offshore oil rigs in the Gulf of Mexico that adversely impacts red snap-per. 
SEC. 14. NORTH PACIFIC FISHERY MANAGEMENT 
CLARIFICATION. 
Section 306(a)(3)(C) (16 U.S.C. 1856(a)(3)(C)) is 
amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘was no’’ and inserting ‘‘is 
no’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘on August 1, 1996’’. 
SEC. 15. ENSURING CONSISTENT MANAGEMENT 
FOR FISHERIES THROUGHOUT THEIR RANGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Magnuson-Stevens 
Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 4 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 5. ENSURING CONSISTENT FISHERIES MAN-
AGEMENT UNDER CERTAIN OTHER FEDERAL LAWS. 
‘‘(a) N ATIONAL MARINE SANCTUARIES ACT AND  
ANTIQUITIES ACT OF 1906.—In any case of a con-flict between this Act and the National Marine 
Sanctuaries Act (16 U.S.C. 1431 et seq.) or the Antiquities Act of 1906 (16 U.S.C. 431 et seq.), this Act shall control. 
‘‘(b) F
ISHERIES RESTRICTIONS UNDER ENDAN -
GERED SPECIES ACT OF 1973.—To ensure trans-
parency and consistent management of fisheries throughout their range, any restriction on the management of fish in the exclusive economic zone that is necessary to implement a recovery plan under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) shall be implemented— 
‘‘(1) using authority under this Act; and ‘‘(2) in accordance with processes and time 
schedules required under this Act.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents in the first section is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3 the following: 
‘‘Sec. 4. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘Sec. 5. Ensuring consistent fisheries manage-
ment under certain other Federal laws.’’. 
SEC. 16. LIMITATION ON HARVEST IN NORTH PA-
CIFIC DIRECTED POLLOCK FISHERY. 
Section 210(e)(1) of the American Fisheries Act 
(title II of division C of Public Law 105–277; 16 U.S.C. 1851 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(1) H
ARVESTING .— 
‘‘(A) L IMITATION .—No particular individual, 
corporation, or other entity may harvest, through a fishery cooperative or otherwise, a percentage of the pollock available to be har-vested in the directed pollock fishery that ex-ceeds the percentage established for purposes of this paragraph by the North Pacific Council. 
‘‘(B) M
AXIMUM PERCENTAGE .—The percentage 
established by the North Pacific Council shall not exceed 24 percent of the pollock available to be harvested in the directed pollock fishery.’’. 
SEC. 17. RECREATIONAL FISHING DATA. 
(a) R ECREATIONAL DATA COLLECTION .—Sec-
tion 401(g) (16 U.S.C. 1881(g)) is amended by re-designating paragraph (4) as paragraph (5), and by inserting after paragraph (3) the following: 
‘‘(4) F
EDERAL -STATE PARTNERSHIPS .— 
‘‘(A) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish partnerships with States to develop best practices for implementation of State programs established pursuant to paragraph (2). 
‘‘(B) G
UIDANCE .—The Secretary shall develop 
guidance, in cooperation with the States, that details best practices for administering State programs pursuant to paragraph (2), and pro-vide such guidance to the States. 
‘‘(C) B
IENNIAL REPORT .—The Secretary shall 
submit to the Congress and publish biennial re-ports that include— 
‘‘(i) the estimated accuracy of the registry 
program established under paragraph (1) and of State programs that are exempted under para-graph (2); 
‘‘(ii) priorities for improving recreational fish-
ing data collection; and 
‘‘(iii) an explanation of any use of informa-
tion collected by such State programs and by the Secretary, including a description of any con-sideration given to the information by the Sec-retary. 
‘‘(D) S
TATES GRANT PROGRAM .—The Secretary 
shall make grants to States to improve imple-mentation of State programs consistent with this subsection. The Secretary shall prioritize such grants based on the ability of the grant to im-prove the quality and accuracy of such pro-grams.’’. 
(b) S
TUDY ON RECREATIONAL FISHERIES  
DATA.—Section 401(g) (16 U.S.C. 1881(g)) is fur-
ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(6) S
TUDY ON PROGRAM IMPLEMENTATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the enactment of this paragraph, the Sec-retary shall enter into an agreement with the National Research Council of the National Academy of Sciences to study the implementa-
tion of the programs described in this section. The study shall— 
‘‘(i) provide an updated assessment of rec-
reational survey methods established or im-proved since the publication of the Council’s re-port ‘Review of Recreational Fisheries Survey Methods (2006)’; 
‘‘(ii) evaluate the extent to which the rec-
ommendations made in that report were imple-mented pursuant to paragraph (3)(B); and 
‘‘(iii) examine any limitations of the Marine 
Recreational Fishery Statistics Survey and the Marine Recreational Information Program es-tablished under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(B) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after en-
tering into an agreement under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall submit a report to Con-gress on the results of the study under subpara-graph (A).’’. 
SEC. 18. STOCK ASSESSMENTS USED FOR FISH-
ERIES MANAGED UNDER GULF OF MEXICO COUNCIL’S REEF FISH MAN-AGEMENT PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title IV (16 U.S.C. 1881 et 
seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 409. STOCK ASSESSMENTS USED FOR FISH-
ERIES MANAGED UNDER GULF OF MEXICO COUNCIL’S REEF FISH MAN-AGEMENT PLAN. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Gulf States Marine 
Fisheries Commission shall conduct all fishery stock assessments used for management pur-poses by the Gulf of Mexico Fishery Manage-ment Council for the fisheries managed under the Council’s Reef Fish Management Plan. 
‘‘(b) U
SE OF OTHER INFORMATION AND AS-
SETS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Such fishery assessments 
shall— 
‘‘(A) incorporate fisheries survey information 
collected by university researchers; and 
‘‘(B) to the extent practicable, use State, uni-
versity, and private assets to conduct fisheries surveys. 
‘‘(2) S
URVEYS AT ARTIFICIAL REEFS .—Any such 
fishery stock assessment conducted after the date of the enactment of the Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act shall incorporate fishery surveys conducted, and other relevant fisheries information collected, on and around natural and artificial reefs. 
‘‘(c) C
ONSTITUENT AND STAKEHOLDER PARTICI -
PATION .—Each such fishery assessment shall— 
‘‘(1) emphasize constituent and stakeholder 
participation in the development of the assess-ment; 
‘‘(2) contain all of the raw data used in the 
assessment and a description of the methods used to collect that data; and 
‘‘(3) employ an assessment process that is 
transparent and includes— 
‘‘(A) includes a rigorous and independent sci-
entific review of the completed fishery stock as-sessment; and 
‘‘(B) a panel of independent experts to review 
the data and assessment and make recommenda-tions on the most appropriate values of critical population and management quantities.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents in the first section is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to title IV the following: 
‘‘Sec. 408. Deep sea coral research and tech-
nology program. 
‘‘Sec. 409. Stock assessments used for fisheries 
managed under Gulf of Mexico Council’s Reef Fish Management Plan.’’. 
SEC. 19. ESTIMATION OF COST OF RECOVERY 
FROM FISHERY RESOURCE DIS-ASTER. 
Section 312(a)(1) (16 U.S.C. 1861a(1)) is 
amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:26 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01JN7.011 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3603 June 1, 2015 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ after ‘‘(1)’’; 
(2) by redesignating existing subparagraphs 
(A) through (C) as clauses (i) through (iii), re-spectively, of subparagraph (A) (as designated by the amendment made by paragraph (1)); and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) The Secretary shall publish the estimated 
cost of recovery from a fishery resource disaster no later than 30 days after the Secretary makes the determination under subparagraph (A) with respect to such disaster.’’. 
SEC. 20. DEADLINE FOR ACTION ON REQUEST BY 
GOVERNOR FOR DETERMINATION REGARDING FISHERY RESOURCE DISASTER. 
Section 312(a) (16 U.S.C. 1861a(a)) is amended 
by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (4) as paragraphs (3) through (5), and by inserting after paragraph (1) the following: 
‘‘(2) The Secretary shall make a decision re-
garding a request from a Governor under para-graph (1) within 90 days after receiving an esti-mate of the economic impact of the fishery re-source disaster from the entity requesting the re-lief.’’. 
SEC. 21. PROHIBITION ON CONSIDERING RED 
SNAPPER KILLED DURING REMOVAL OF OIL RIGS. 
Any red snapper that are killed during the re-
moval of any offshore oil rig in the Gulf of Mex-ico shall not be considered in determining under the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.) whether the total allowable catch for red snap-per has been reached. 
SEC. 22. PROHIBITION ON CONSIDERING FISH 
SEIZED FROM FOREIGN FISHING. 
Any fish that are seized from a foreign vessel 
engaged in illegal fishing activities in the Exclu-sive Economic Zone shall not be considered in determining under the Magnuson-Stevens Fish-ery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.) the total allowable catch for that fishery. 
SEC. 23. SUBSISTENCE FISHING. 
(a) D EFINITION .—Section 3 (16 U.S.C. 1802) is 
amended by inserting after paragraph (43) the following: 
‘‘(43a)(A) The term ‘subsistence fishing’ means 
fishing in which the fish harvested are intended for customary and traditional uses, including for direct personal or family consumption as food or clothing; for the making or selling of handicraft articles out of nonedible byproducts taken for personal or family consumption, for barter, or sharing for personal or family con-sumption; and for customary trade. 
‘‘(B) In this paragraph— ‘‘(i) the term ‘family’ means all persons re-
lated by blood, marriage, or adoption, or any person living within the household on a perma-nent basis; and 
‘‘(ii) the term ‘barter’ means the exchange of 
a fish or fish part— 
‘‘(I) for another fish or fish part; or ‘‘(II) for other food or for nonedible items 
other than money if the exchange is of a limited and noncommercial nature.’’. 
(b) C
OUNCIL SEAT.—Section 302(b)(2) (16 
U.S.C. 1852(b)(2)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or rec-
reational’’ and inserting ‘‘, recreational, or sub-sistence fishing’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (C), in the second sen-
tence, by inserting ‘‘, and in the case of the Governor of Alaska with the subsistence fishing interests of the State,’’ after ‘‘interests of the State’’. 
(c) P
URPOSE .—Section 2(b)(3) (16 U.S.C. 
1801(b)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘and rec-reational’’ and inserting ‘‘, recreational, and subsistence’’. 
SEC. 24. INTER-SECTOR TRADING OF COMMER-
CIAL CATCH SHARE ALLOCATIONS IN THE GULF OF MEXICO. 
Section 301 (16 U.S.C. 1851) is amended by 
adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) I NTER-SECTOR TRADING OF COMMERCIAL  
CATCH SHARE ALLOCATIONS IN THE GULF OF  
MEXICO .—Notwithstanding any other provision 
of this Act, any commercial fishing catch share allocation in a fishery in the Gulf of Mexico may only be traded by sale or lease within the same commercial fishing sector.’’. 
SEC. 25. ARCTIC COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT 
QUOTA. 
Section 313 (16 U.S.C. 1862) is amended by 
adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) A RCTIC COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT  
QUOTA .—If the North Pacific Fishery Manage-
ment Council issues a fishery management plan for the exclusive economic zone in the Arctic Ocean, or an amendment to the Fishery Man-agement Plan for Fish Resources of the Arctic Management Area issued by such Council, that makes available to commercial fishing, and es-tablishes a sustainable harvest level, for any part of such zone, the Council shall set aside not less than 10 percent of the total allowable catch therein as a community development quota for coastal villages located north and east of the Bering Strait.’’. 
SEC. 26. PREFERENCE FOR STUDENTS STUDYING 
WATER RESOURCE ISSUES. 
Section 402(e) (16 U.S.C. 1881a(e)) is amended 
by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(4) The Secretary shall require that in the 
hiring of individuals to collect information re-garding marine recreational fishing under this subsection, preference shall be given to individ-uals who are students studying water resource issues at an institution of higher education.’’. 
SEC. 27. PROCESS FOR ALLOCATION REVIEW FOR 
SOUTH ATLANTIC AND GULF OF MEXICO MIXED-USE FISHERIES. 
(a) S TUDY OF ALLOCATIONS IN MIXED-USE 
FISHERIES .—Not later than 60 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce shall enter into an arrangement with the National Academy of Sciences to con-duct a study of the South Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico mixed-use fisheries— 
(1) to provide guidance to Regional Fishery 
Management Councils established under section 302 of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conserva-tion and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1852) on criteria that could be used for allocating fishing privileges, including consideration of the con-servation and socioeconomic benefits of the com-mercial, recreational, and charter components of a fishery, in the preparation of a fishery man-agement plan under that Act; 
(2) to identify sources of information that 
could reasonably support the use of such cri-teria in allocation decisions; and 
(3) to develop procedures for allocation re-
views and potential adjustments in allocations based on the guidelines and requirements estab-lished by this section. 
(b) P
ROCESS FOR ALLOCATION REVIEW AND ES-
TABLISHMENT .—The South Atlantic Fishery 
Management Council and the Gulf of Mexico Fishery Management Council shall— 
(1) within 2 years after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, review the allocations of all mixed-use fisheries in the Councils’ respective jurisdictions; and 
(2) every 3 years thereafter, perform subse-
quent reviews of such allocations; and 
(3) consider the conservation and socio-
economic benefits of each sector in any alloca-tion decisions for such fisheries. 
SEC. 28. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 4 (16 U.S.C. 1803) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘this Act’’ and all that follows 
through ‘‘(7)’’ and inserting ‘‘this Act’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2013’’ and inserting 
‘‘each of fiscal years 2015 through 2019’’. 
The CHAIR. No amendment to the 
amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–128. Each 
such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, may be withdrawn by the proponent at any time before action thereon, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MRS . DINGELL  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–128. 
Mrs. DINGELL. I have an amend-
ment at the desk, Mr. Chairman. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Beginning at page 14, strike line 15 and all 
that follows through page 16, line 3 and in-sert closing quotation marks and a following period. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 274, the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D
INGELL ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Michigan. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Chairman, the 
National Environmental Policy Act, also called NEPA, is a critically impor-tant law, not only for protecting the environment, but also for protecting the people’s right to participate in gov-ernment decisionmaking. Sadly, H.R. 1335, the bill we are considering today, would short-circuit public review and comment on fisheries management de-cisions, casting NEPA aside in favor of an inadequate, poorly defined process that would make regional fishery man-agement councils the ultimate arbiters of whether or not their own decisions would impact coastal communities and ocean ecosystems. 
Forcing important NEPA analysis to 
be fast-tracked onto a council’s timeline would eliminate crucial over-sight steps that provide stakeholders an opportunity to impact the public policy. While I know my colleagues had good intentions, the practical impact 
of this language means that local com-munities and businesses will not have the same opportunity to comment and have input on decisions that will im-pact their livelihood. 
I don’t think my colleagues on the 
other side of the aisle really want to limit public participation in this man-ner. My amendment simply strikes the harmful language from the bill that undermines NEPA because limiting transparency and accountability is not the right thing to do. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:26 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN7.011 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3604 June 1, 2015 
NEPA has a simple premise: look be-
fore you leap. For decades, NEPA has improved our environment and fostered fairness in our communities by ensur-ing that government remains account-able to the people. The NEPA process requires Federal agencies to review their proposed actions in light of their potential impacts on the human envi-ronment: the places where we all live, work, and play. 
Most importantly, NEPA gives the 
public an opportunity to review and comment on actions proposed by the government, adding unique perspec-tives to the evaluation process that highly specialized, mission-driven agencies might otherwise ignore. In that way, NEPA is the ultimate check on Big Government, a uniquely Amer-ican and quintessentially democratic— small D—law written and executed to help people protect their rights and freedoms. Our Founding Fathers would certainly be proud. 
I hope that my colleagues will agree 
that existing NEPA protections should be preserved, and I ask that you vote in favor of my amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I claim time in opposition to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman is recog-
nized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
in response to the amendment, I simply have to say no, it does not assume the system. 
We do have a problem with trans-
parency in the process that we have. The underlying bill changes that by re-quiring these decisions to be made pub-lic and made openly, but the specific issue that dealing with NEPA misses a step, misses an important point here. 
Current law requires fishery manage-
ment plans contain a fishery impact statement. That is required by law now, required by the bill as well. That is in line with everything you go through to do an environmental impact statement under NEPA. 
What this amendment would do is 
simply require the process to do every-thing twice. You do a fishery impact statement first, and then you restate and redo the same business with the same cost attached to it for the NEPA analysis. That is simply red tape. 
b1645 
It is an unnecessary delay. It makes 
some of the scientific information ob-solete before they are done. It burdens the management and the resource council, which is why those, once again, who work in this system have said this is an unnecessary part and one of the reasons they like the effi-ciency that has been added by the basic, underlying bill. 
The most important reason, though, 
why you don’t want to accept this amendment is, if you add two different approaches, two different statements that have to be made, you give attor-neys two different opportunities to liti-gate. You give more opportunities to 
litigate, more opportunities to delay, and that is ridiculous. It lacks common sense because you are doing the same thing in both processes. Cut the red tape, cut the litigation opportunity, cut the delays, and help us move for-ward. 
I reject this amendment, and I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Chairman, how 
much time do I have remaining? 
The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from 
Michigan has 2 minutes remaining. 
Mrs. DINGELL. I yield 1 minute to 
the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. P
IN-
GREE ). 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to support the Dingell amend-ment. 
As many of us in Congress know, our 
Nation’s fisheries do not work on arti-ficial timelines. If we want to be sure that fishery plans are getting the crit-ical National Environmental Policy Act analysis that conserve and pre-serve our resources, we can’t force these NEPA studies to be fast-tracked. 
The underlying bill would force im-
portant environmental analyses to be rushed and, therefore, cut stakeholders out of the process due to rapid timelines. 
At a time when we are trying to 
make sure that we keep stakeholders engaged in the process, they would ac-tually get less consideration under the bill that we have on the floor today. 
We need to ensure that our commu-
nities are given a chance to weigh in on these plans, and in that process that we take a thorough look at the environ-mental impacts of these plans. 
My colleague has said that her 
amendment would restore common sense and requires us to look before we leap. I couldn’t agree more. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose artifi-
cial timelines for environmental re-views, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port the Dingell amendment. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to quickly respond to some of the comments made by the other side. 
Federal agency responsibility for 
NEPA is effectively being eliminated by this law and an alternative, unde-fined process is being established hin-dering the public’s ability to influence policies and protect their rights. 
Stakeholders, including businesses 
and individuals, would get less consid-eration in the council process and would not have a way of voicing their concerns and influencing the directions of plans or projects that could threaten the environment or the livelihoods of these people. It is simply common sense that plans to manage our valu-able resources be properly assessed be-fore resources are harvested. 
I urge adoption of my amendment, 
and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. I yield 1 minute 
to the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ), the sponsor of the bill. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. I would just, 
again, like to remind my colleagues this was requested by the communities so there wouldn’t be a delay. We are not eliminating NEPA. There is al-ready a process in the Magnuson Act which was not there in the original act, I will say that, and I did support it when it went in. But to duplicate it and to require outside interests that they cannot respect those in the com-munity—which is really what her amendment would do. It lets other out-side interest groups get involved in this issue of sustainable fisheries. 
This has always been a fishery com-
munity bill, not an outside bill or in-terest groups getting into the issues of sustainability and community activity through transparency. What you do is you start a duplication of the process. It is not necessary. We are not elimi-nating NEPA. We are just adding to it. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Let me close by 
simply saying this. The environ-mentally friendly approach would be not to accept this amendment because think of all the trees you are going to save from reprinting an extra report that says the same thing over again. 
We are already doing this process in 
the law. Requiring NEPA plus the fish-ery statement is simply a replication of the process that is already there. It does not need to be there. You are not cutting anyone out, as has been said. It is simply one of those things that you need to do it the first time and do it right the first time, and you don’t have to redo it a second time to allow law-yers to then come up with another chance to litigate one more time. 
I reject the amendment. I urge its re-
jection. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Michigan (Mrs. D
INGELL ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Chair, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Michigan will be post-poned. 
The Chair understands that amend-
ment No. 2 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . KEATING  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–128. 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chair, I rise to 
offer an amendment. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 28, line 7, strike ‘‘and’’. 
Page 28, line 11, strike the period and in-
sert ‘‘; and’’. 
Page 28, after line 11, insert the following: 
‘‘(C) fishery research and independent 
stock assessments, conservation gear engi-neering, at-sea and shoreside monitoring, fishery impact statements, and other prior-ities established by the Council as necessary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:15 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.031 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3605 June 1, 2015 
to rebuild or maintain sustainable fisheries, 
ensure healthy ecosystems, and maintain fishing communities.’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 274, the gentleman from Massa-chusetts (Mr. K
EATING ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Massachusetts. 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, my 
amendment builds off of years of ef-forts to reform the use of the asset for-feiture fund. During this time, NOAA has conducted internal reviews and au-dits for the use of asset forfeiture mon-ies. Yet I believe it is important that we authorize specific uses to help our struggling fishermen and, at the same time, promote sustainable fishing. 
My amendment would ensure that 
forfeiture funds are used for five things: first, enhancing fishery re-search and stock assessments. This bill authorizes the use of State personnel and resources, things like cooperative research between industry and public science and use of vessels to serve a data-poor fisheries. My amendment ex-pands beyond data-poor fisheries by au-thorizing broader use of forfeiture funds for research and independent stock assessments. 
This is particularly important in the 
Northeast, where timely information may be the difference between the suc-cess or failure of a small fishing busi-ness. 
Secondly, it deals with at-sea and 
shoreside monitoring. If there is one concern that I have heard consistently voiced from fishermen from New Bed-ford to the South Shore to Provincetown in Massachusetts, it is the transition of funding for moni-toring from NOAA to fishermen. 
It has been nearly 3 years since the 
Department of Commerce declared a fishing disaster in the Northeast. As the fishing industry continues to face the long-term challenges coming back from this disaster, this is no time to switch the burden of the cost of moni-toring onto them. 
Third, it advances conservation gear 
engineering. Additional funds will help fishermen develop and adopt new gear and technology to improve efficiency, reduce the impact on the marine envi-ronment, and promote sustainable fish-ing for future generations. 
Commercial and recreational fisher-
men use an array of gear to target their catch. An unfortunate and fatal consequence is the inclusion of untargeted fish, turtles, and marine mammals as bycatch. Fortunately, there have been efforts underway na-tionwide to promote sustainable means of fishing, like scallopers in New Bed-ford developing the turtle dredge to protect sea turtles from interaction during scalloping, and the New Eng-land Aquarium collaborative that has developed acoustic pingers that suc-cessfully warn marine mammals away from gill nets. 
Fourth, the amendment will help 
with additional research for fishery im-pact statements. Under the bill, coun-
cils are required to develop fishery im-pact statements that take into account the purpose of a proposed management plan and its potential impact on fish-eries and fishing communities. In doing so, the bill shifts the responsibility from NEPA to the councils. And while I have concerns about how this will be implemented, I do believe it is critical that we provide councils with adequate 
resources. 
Finally, the bill and the amendment 
will help funding priorities of the re-gional fishery management councils, like efforts to rebuild or maintain sus-tainable fisheries and ensure healthy ecosystems. 
There is no doubt that additional 
funding for these efforts is a win for fishermen on all coasts of our country. 
With that, I yield the balance of my 
time to my colleague from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
OULTON ). 
Mr. MOULTON. I would like to thank 
my colleague and friend from Massa-chusetts (Mr. K
EATING ) for the time, 
and for all the work that he has done, along with Mr. L
YNCH , on behalf of our 
Commonwealth’s fishing communities. 
I rise in strong support of this 
amendment, which clarifies the uses of NOAA’s asset forfeiture fund so we can make smart investments in scientific research and preserve an economically viable fishing industry. 
This amendment will provide our 
fishermen, shoreside businesses, and fishing communities with the assur-ance that the money in NOAA’s asset forfeiture fund will go towards improv-ing the science behind sustainable fish-ery management practices. 
Additionally, the amendment offers 
fisheries councils the resources they need to better serve our fisheries and fishing communities. 
At the end of the day, both the fish-
ermen and the environmentalists want the same thing: healthy and sustain-able fisheries. I believe that the amendment will help achieve this ob-jective through meaningful and tar-geted uses of NOAA’s asset forfeiture fund. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this amendment. 
Mr. KEATING. I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. Is there objection to the 
request of the gentleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. The CHAIR. The gentleman is recog-
nized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. In 2010, the De-
partment of Commerce inspector gen-eral reported that NOAA was misusing these funds for all sorts of purposes not actually helping the fishing commu-nity. That is one of the reasons why we are clearly saying the status quo has problems, and this bill needs to go for-ward. 
This bill recognized that these funds 
should not be used to add to the bu-reaucracy, and therefore in the base 
bill we actually put in provisions to allow up to 80 percent of these enforce-ment funds to be used for collection and data and science. 
What Mr. K
EATING and others have 
done, though, is take the process one step further in something I think is a very commonsense solution to a prob-lem that we do have in the status quo. I appreciate what you are doing, and I support this amendment. 
I urge everyone to vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I 
yield back balance of my time. 
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong sup-
port of the Keating-Lynch-Moulton amendment to allow monies from the asset forfeiture fund to be available for expanded uses. I want to commend my colleagues from Massachusetts for their continued efforts on behalf of our fish-ing industry. 
Massachusetts has a long and proud fishing 
history. in fact, the ‘‘sacred cod’’, a nearly five foot long woodcarving of an atlantic codfish, has hung in the Massachusetts House of Rep-resentatives since 1794, representing the im-portance of the cod fishery to the common-wealth. 
We all know the state of the fishing industry 
today. Depleted stocks and the policies put in place to rebuild those stocks have exacted a heavy toll. And we have all heard the stories of fishing families struggling to make ends meet and keep their generations-long family businesses alive. Our amendment is a com-mon sense amendment which, if adopted, will build on and improve the systems put in place to assess and rebuild stocks while also pro-viding some financial relief to the men and women who continue to earn a living at sea. 
Our amendment, if adopted, will provide the 
funding necessary for fisheries councils to un-dertake certain reporting requirements of the underlying bill. Our amendment will also pro-vide funding for independent research and stock assessments and for the development and implementation of gear that will reduce the impact on the marine environment and promote sustainable fishing for future genera-tions. And, importantly, this amendment will also provide a funding stream to pay for at- sea and shore-side monitoring, a financial bur-den that fishermen simply cannot bear. 
We simply cannot allow the money in the 
NOAA’s asset forfeiture fund to be wasted when fishermen stand to benefit from targeted scientific research and resources dedicated to the fishing industry. 
The health of the resource is the basic 
building block upon which all industry depend-ents rely. And it is critical that all parties; fish-ermen, fisheries councils, researchers and conservationists work cooperatively and also strike an appropriate balance towards sustain-ability. Our amendment provides the financial support to help all stakeholders further invest in and maximize the outcomes of their piece of the larger puzzle. 
I urge my colleagues to support the Keating- 
Lynch-Moulton Amendment. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . LOWENTHAL  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 114–128. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN7.013 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3606 June 1, 2015 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of section 13 (page 34, after line 
22), add the following: 
(h) P ROCESS FOR DECOMMISSIONING OIL AND  
GASPLATFORMS AND DRILLING RIGS.—The 
National Ocean Council, operating under Ex-ecutive Order 13547, shall convene a meeting of representatives of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the Bu-reau of Safety and Environmental Enforce-ment, the States represented on the Gulf of Mexico Fishery Management Council, and stakeholders, to develop a process for decom-missioning oil and gas platforms and drilling rigs that eliminates harm to the Gulf of Mexico red snapper stock of fish and en-hances conservation of habitat of such stock. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 274, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Chairman, unfortunately, the bill 
before us, H.R. 1335, undermines nearly two decades of progress making U.S. fisheries profitable and sustainable. 
A few weeks ago, NOAA reported that 
overfishing has hit an all-time low, and the number of rebuilt stocks has hit an all-time high, largely because of the success of the Magnuson-Stevens Act reforms of both 1996 and 2007—the same reforms that this bill today before us would undercut. 
In an attempt to add some good pol-
icy to an otherwise unproductive bill, I am offering an amendment to improve the management of one important fish stock: the Gulf of Mexico red snapper. 
Last year, during a series of Natural 
Resources Committee hearings on fish-eries policies, we heard from members and witnesses who were irate over the fact that the Interior Department was allowing offshore oil platforms and drilling rigs in the Gulf of Mexico to be decommissioned in a way that was kill-ing red snapper and destroying impor-tant snapper habitat. After intense questioning, it became clear that in the current process for decommission rigs, NOAA, which is part of the De-partment of Commerce, is not regu-larly consulted by Interior agencies. 
b1700 
As a result, NOAA does not even con-
duct surveys to determine if the De-partment of the Interior is about to dismantle a productive artificial reef teeming with red snapper and other fish. 
Mr. Chair, I agree with my colleagues 
from the Gulf States who feel this is ri-diculous and needs to stop; but how do we do it? Then I remembered that we already have a mechanism in place for resolving exactly this kind of multi-stakeholder conflict at sea. It is called the National Ocean Policy. Through the National Ocean Policy, 
the National Ocean Council facilitates commonsense governance of public re-sources. Like air traffic control for the seas, the council coordinates all of the users of our oceans and helps them de-termine safer, less contentious, and more efficient utilization of ocean re-sources. 
My amendment would direct the 
agencies responsible for implementing the National Ocean Policy to work with the Gulf States and other stake-holders to develop a transparent proc-ess that would preserve red snapper habitat during rig decommissioning. 
A vote for this amendment is a vote 
for more recreational fishing opportu-nities in the Gulf of Mexico and a vote for a bipartisan solution to promoting red snapper habitat. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ 
on the Lowenthal amendment. 
Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I claim time in opposition to the amendment 
The CHAIR. The gentleman is recog-
nized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) on this particular 
amendment. 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-
man, this same amendment was offered in committee; it failed. It is my under-standing that rigs and platforms are al-ready required to eliminate harm under their leases. In fact, most of the fishermen I talk to on the Gulf say the platforms are really manmade reefs, and the red snapper love them. 
Overall, I don’t support giving the 
National Ocean Council any authori-ties. The council is created by execu-tive action, and until the Congress passes legislation regarding the Na-tional Ocean Policy, Congress should not implement measures to support it. 
This is not an action of Congress. 
This is an action by executive order. Remember, this bill originally was sus-tainable yield, sustainable commu-nities, nothing to do with an ocean council deciding what is going to hap-pen to override the Magnuson-Stevens Act. 
This is a bad amendment, and I op-
pose the gentleman’s amendment. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, 
how much time do I have remaining? 
The CHAIR. The gentleman has 2 
minutes remaining. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. As you just heard 
from the other side of the aisle, Mr. Chair, they agree with me that there needs to be more coordination amongst all the stakeholders to make smart de-cisions about rig decommissioning in red snapper habitat; but they refuse to move forward with this proposal sim-ply because they oppose the National Ocean Policy which incidentally, as we all know in this room, that its prede-cessor was the U.S. Commission on Ocean Policy, which was first estab-lished by President Bush. They oppose the National Ocean Pol-
icy on the grounds that it is a program that is authorized by an executive ac-tion or an executive order of a Presi-dent that they don’t like. This seems to me to be pretty petty. 
Why would we create now a new 
group to bring together the stake-holders to address just this one issue, when we already have a council and a policy that can do exactly what every-one wants to be done? 
National Ocean Policy is not a failed 
policy like some suggest, nor is it an instance of executive overreach. It is merely a commonsense way to facili-tate multistakeholder collaboration on complex ocean issues. 
Mr. Chair, my amendment directs 
agencies and stakeholders to work to-gether to come up with solutions to de-commission rigs that work for every-one involved. This is a commonsense solution that promotes red snapper habitat and more recreational fishing opportunities. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the Lowenthal 
amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chair, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ). 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. 
Chairman, I want to thank the gen-tleman from California for offering this amendment. We had the opportunity to discuss this in committee. 
I am very sensitive to the fact that 
we do things in a manner that sustains all of our fisheries and protects our ecosystem. 
However, as we discussed in com-
mittee, I did request of you, number one, that if you let us get together as Gulf States, continue to work together with the Department of the Interior— as I mentioned in committee, we have even larger concerns about the way that some of this important reef struc-ture, such as rigs and reefs programs and others, have been handled by the Federal Government. 
I respect the gentleman for offering 
this amendment, but I am going to vote in opposition, giving us time to work together with industry, work to-gether with the fisherman, and find the right way to do this to ensure that we protect the species. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
allow me to conclude the debate, if I may. 
Last year, in Congress, we had a 
hearing where we saw a huge number of red snappers who were killed by the re-moval of a decommissioned oil plat-form that had been authorized by the Department of the Interior. This amendment does not really change that. 
What this amendment would do is an 
attempt—hopefully, futile attempt—to basically give validity to the adminis-tration’s National Ocean Policy, a pol-icy that was done without trans-parency, almost in the cover of dark-ness, and implemented by executive order. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.035 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3607 June 1, 2015 
What we are talking about is not 
something that is an executive action, but, as properly said by the last two speakers from our side, it is a legisla-tive action, and this bill takes that leg-islative responsibility and does it the right way. 
We do not need a nontransparent ex-
ecutive order to be enforced here. What we need to do is allow the agencies of jurisdiction to actually do their job, defend their rules, and allow the legis-lative branch to work its will. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amend-
ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
ALASKA  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. D UNCAN of 
Tennessee). It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–128. 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 46, strike lines 5 through 9 and insert 
the following: 
‘‘(4) The Secretary shall, to the extent 
practicable, when hiring individuals to col-lect information regarding marine rec-reational fishing under this subsection, give preference to students studying fisheries conservation and management, water re-source issues, or other relevant subjects at an institution of higher education in the United States.’’. 
Page 46, beginning at line 19, strike ‘‘Re-
gional Fishery’’ and all that follows through line 22 and insert ‘‘the South Atlantic Fish-ery Management Council and Gulf of Mexico Fishery Management Council on criteria that’’. 
Page 47, after line 22, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. REQUIREMENTS FOR LIMITED ACCESS 
PRIVILEGES. 
Section 3303A(c)(1)(G) (16 U.S.C. 
1853a(c)(1)(G)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(G) include provisions for a formal and de-
tailed review 5 years after the implementa-tion of the program, and thereafter the reg-ular monitoring and review by the Council and the Secretary of the operations and im-pacts of the program, to coincide with sched-uled Council review of the relevant fishery management plan (but no less frequently than once every 7 years) including— 
‘‘(i) determining progress in meeting the 
goals of the program and this Act; 
‘‘(ii) delineating the positive and negative 
economic effects of the program on fisher-men and processors who are part of the pro-gram and the coastal communities in which they reside; and 
‘‘(iii) any necessary modification of the 
program to meet those goals, including a for-mal schedule for action to be taken within 2 years;’’. SEC. ll. HEALTHY FISHERIES THROUGH BET-
TER SCIENCE. 
(a) D EFINITION OF STOCK ASSESSMENT .— 
Section 3 (16 U.S.C. 1802), as amended by sec-tion 23(a) of this Act, is further amended by redesignating the paragraphs after para-graph (42) in order as paragraphs (44) through (53), and by inserting after paragraph (42) the following: 
‘‘(43) The term ‘stock assessment’ means 
an evaluation of the past, present, and future status of a stock of fish, that includes— 
‘‘(A) a range of life history characteristics 
for such stock, including— 
‘‘(i) the geographical boundaries of such 
stock; and 
‘‘(ii) information on age, growth, natural 
mortality, sexual maturity and reproduc-tion, feeding habits, and habitat preferences of such stock; and 
‘‘(B) fishing for the stock.’’. 
(b) S
TOCK ASSESSMENT PLAN.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 404 (16 U.S.C. 
1881c), as amended by section 10(d) of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f) S
TOCK ASSESSMENT PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall de-
velop and publish in the Federal Register, on the same schedule as required for the stra-tegic plan required under subsection (b) of this section, a plan to conduct stock assess-ments for all stocks of fish for which a fish-ery management plan is in effect under this Act. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The plan shall— 
‘‘(A) for each stock of fish for which a 
stock assessment has previously been con-ducted— 
‘‘(i) establish a schedule for updating the 
stock assessment that is reasonable given the biology and characteristics of the stock; and 
‘‘(ii) subject to the availability of appro-
priations, require completion of a new stock assessment, or an update of the most recent stock assessment— 
‘‘(I) every 5 years; or ‘‘(II) within such other time period speci-
fied and justified by the Secretary in the plan; 
‘‘(B) for each stock of fish for which a 
stock assessment has not previously been conducted— 
‘‘(i) establish a schedule for conducting an 
initial stock assessment that is reasonable given the biology and characteristics of the stock; and 
‘‘(ii) subject to the availability of appro-
priations, require completion of the initial stock assessment within 3 years after the plan is published in the Federal Register un-less another time period is specified and jus-tified by the Secretary in the plan; and 
‘‘(C) identify data and analysis, especially 
concerning recreational fishing, that, if available, would reduce uncertainty in and improve the accuracy of future stock assess-ments, including whether such data and analysis could be provided by fishermen, fishing communities, universities, and re-search institutions. 
‘‘(3) W
AIVER OF STOCK ASSESSMENT REQUIRE -
MENT .—Notwithstanding subparagraphs 
(A)(ii) and (B)(ii), a stock assessment is not required for a stock of fish in the plan if the Secretary determines that such a stock as-sessment is not necessary and justifies such determination in the Federal Register notice required by this subsection.’’. 
(2) D
EADLINE .—Notwithstanding paragraph 
(1) of section 404(f) of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act, as amended by this section, the Secretary of Commerce shall issue the first stock assess-ment plan under such section by not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (c) I
MPROVING SCIENCE .— 
(1) I NCORPORATION OF INFORMATION FROM  
WIDE VARIETY OF SOURCES .—Section 2(a)(8) of 
the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Fisheries management is most effective when it incorporates information provided by governmental and nongovernmental sources, including State and Federal agency staff, fishermen, fishing communities, uni-versities, and research institutions. As ap-propriate, such information should be con-sidered the best scientific information avail-able and form the basis of conservation and management measures as required by this Act.’’. 
(2) I
MPROVING DATA COLLECTION AND ANAL -
YSIS.—Section 404 (16 U.S.C. 1881c), as amend-
ed by this section, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(g) I
MPROVING DATA COLLECTION AND  
ANALYSIS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-
sultation with the Councils acting in reli-ance on their science and statistical commit-tees established under section 302(g), shall develop and publish in the Federal Register guidelines that will facilitate greater incor-poration of data, analysis, and stock assess-ments from nongovernmental sources, in-cluding fishermen, fishing communities, uni-versities, and research institutions, into fisheries management decisions. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENT .—The guidelines shall— 
‘‘(A) identify types of data and analysis, 
especially concerning recreational fishing, that can be reliably used as the basis for es-tablishing conservation and management measures as required by section 303(a)(1), in-cluding setting standards for the collection and use of such data and analysis in stock assessments and for other purposes; and 
‘‘(B) provide specific guidance for col-
lecting data and performing analyses identi-fied as necessary to reduce the uncertainty referred to in section 404(f)(2)(C). 
‘‘(3) A
CCEPTANCE AND USE OF DATA AND  
ANALYSES .—The Secretary and Regional 
Fishery Management Councils shall— 
‘‘(A) use all data and analyses that meet 
the guidelines published under paragraph (1) as the best scientific information available for purposes of this Act in fisheries manage-ment decisions, unless otherwise determined by the science and statistical committee of the Councils established pursuant to section 302(g) of the Act; and 
‘‘(B) explain in the Federal Register notice 
announcing the fishery management deci-sion how such data and analyses have been used to establish conservation and manage-ment measures.’’. 
(3) D
EADLINE .—The Secretary of Commerce 
shall develop and publish guidelines under the amendment made by paragraph (2) by not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
(d) C
OST REDUCTION REPORT .—Within 1 
year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce, in consultation with the Regional Fishery Management Councils, shall submit a report to Congress that, with respect to each fishery governed by a fishery management plan in effect under the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Con-servation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.)— 
(1) identifies the goals of the applicable 
programs governing monitoring and enforce-ment of fishing that is subject to such plan; 
(2) identifies methods to accomplish those 
goals, including human observers, electronic monitoring, and vessel monitoring systems; 
(3) certifies which such methods are most 
cost-effective for fishing that is subject to such plan; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.037 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3608 June 1, 2015 
(4) explains why such most-cost-effective 
methods are not required, if applicable. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 274, the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Alaska. 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
(Mr. YOUNG of Alaska asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-
man, the amendment I am offering today makes a few clarifications to the underlying bill. 
It modifies language in the bill al-
lowing for the use of graduate students in the collection of recreational fishing data. The fields of science the graduate students are studying is expanded, and when the students can be used is clari-fied. 
The amendment also clarifies that 
guidance prepared by the National Academy of Sciences regarding the economic benefits of commercial and recreational fishing within the mixed- use fisheries is to be given to the south Atlantic and the Gulf of Mexico coun-cils. 
The amendment will also modify the 
provisions in law regarding the council review of limited access programs to include not only the benefits of the program, but also any adverse impacts. 
Lastly, the amendment includes lan-
guage to allow stock assessments to in-clude information from universities, fishermen, fishing communities, and research institutions, in addition to State and Federal fisheries data. 
It will also require a schedule for 
when stock assessments should occur and allows for a waiver if certain stocks don’t need assessments. 
These are good additions to the legis-
lation, and I urge the Members to sup-port the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim time in opposition to the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Arizona is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. The catch share re-
porting requirements and stock assess-ment mandates in this amendment would impose significant new costs on NOAA, but the amendment provides no additional funding. 
The majority already complains that 
NOAA does not conduct stock assess-ments frequently or quickly enough. This unfunded mandate would further slow that process. 
Further, these concepts have not 
been vetted by the Natural Resources Committee. We have not had an oppor-tunity to get feedback on the legisla-tion from NOAA, the agency that would inevitably be responsible for im-plementing it. 
We need to hear from the administra-
tion about any potential costs or unin-tended consequences of this amend-
ment. 
In particular, the rigid requirements 
of the guidelines envisioned in this bill would take away the discretion of ex-pert scientists and undermine an ongo-ing effort NOAA is conducting to im-prove stock assessments across re-gions. 
Further, the mandates, deadlines, 
and reports would likely cost money that is not authorized to be appro-priated. 
I would like to have additional input 
on the requirements this bill imposes with respect to developing and fol-lowing new guidelines on data collec-tion and on cost recovery by the agen-cy. 
For these reasons, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote 
on the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-
man, I ask unanimous consent to re-claim the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Alaska? 
There was no objection. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-
man, I disagree with the gentleman from New Mexico’s comments on this. This does not add an additional cost, and why people say that, I don’t know. 
All this does is very simple, and I ex-
plained it when I explained my amend-ment, and I urge the passage of the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. My good friend, Mr. 
Y
OUNG , is perpetually trying to move 
me to New Mexico. I still love Arizona and will remain in Arizona. 
Mr. Chairman, I want to say that the 
reasons of opposition have not changed to the amendment. The unintended consequences, the lack of full informa-tion as to what the data collection will be, any impending costs that would be secured that NOAA would have to un-dertake, and feedback both by the agency that would be responsible, feed-back from the Natural Resources Com-mittee, and feedback by the adminis-tration to this amendment would be, I think, important additions in order for this House to be able to make an in-formed decision on the amendment. 
Lacking that information, I remain 
urging a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . GRAVES OF  
LOUISIANA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 6 printed in House Report 114–128. 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. 
Chairman, I have an amendment made in order. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: Add at the end the following: 
SEC. 29. TRANSFER TO STATES OF MANAGEMENT 
OF RED SNAPPER FISHERIES IN THE GULF OF MEXICO. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Magnuson-Stevens 
Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘TITLE V—TRANSFER TO STATES OF MAN-
AGEMENT OF RED SNAPPER FISHERIES IN THE GULF OF MEXICO 
‘‘SEC. 501. SHORT TITLE. 
‘‘This title may be cited as the ‘Gulf States 
Red Snapper Management Authority Act’. 
‘‘SEC. 502. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this title: 
‘‘(1) C OASTAL WATERS .—The term ‘coastal 
waters’ means all waters of the Gulf of Mex-ico— 
‘‘(A) shoreward of the baseline from which 
the territorial sea of the United States is measured; and 
‘‘(B) seaward from the baseline described 
in subparagraph (A) to the outer boundary of the exclusive economic zone. 
‘‘(2) G
ULF COASTAL STATES .—The term ‘Gulf 
coastal State’ means each of the following States: 
‘‘(A) Alabama. ‘‘(B) Florida. ‘‘(C) Louisiana. ‘‘(D) Mississippi. ‘‘(E) Texas. ‘‘(3) G
ULF OF MEXICO FISHERY MANAGEMENT  
COUNCIL .—The term ‘Gulf of Mexico Fishery 
Management Council’ means the Gulf of Mexico Fishery Management Council estab-lished under section 302(a). 
‘‘(4) G
ULF OF MEXICO RED SNAPPER .—The 
term ‘Gulf of Mexico red snapper’ means members of stocks or populations of the spe-cies Lutjanus campechanus , which ordinarily 
are found within the waters of the exclusive economic zone and adjacent territorial waters of the Gulf of Mexico. 
‘‘(5) G
ULF STATES RED SNAPPER MANAGE -
MENT AUTHORITY .—The term ‘Gulf States Red 
Snapper Management Authority’ and ‘GSRSMA’, means the Gulf States Red Snap-per Management Authority established under section 503(a). 
‘‘(6) R
ED SNAPPER FISHERY MANAGEMENT  
PLAN .—The term ‘red snapper fishery man-
agement plan’ means a plan created by one or more Gulf coastal States to manage Gulf of Mexico red snapper in the coastal waters adjacent to such State or States, respec-tively. 
‘‘(7) R
EEF FISH FEDERAL FISHERY MANAGE -
MENT PLAN .—The term ‘Reef Fish Federal 
fishery management plan’ ″ means the Fish-
ery Management Plan for the Reef Fish Re-sources of the Gulf of Mexico, as amended, prepared by the Gulf of Mexico Fishery Man-agement Council pursuant to title III and implemented under part 622 of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations (or similar successor regulation). 
‘‘(8) S
TATE TERRITORIAL WATERS .—The term 
‘State territorial waters’, with respect to a 
Gulf coastal State, means the waters adja-cent to such State seaward to the line three marine leagues seaward from the baseline from which of the territorial sea of the United States is measured. 
‘‘SEC. 503. MANAGEMENT OF GULF OF MEXICO 
RED SNAPPER. 
‘‘(a) G ULFSTATES REDSNAPPER MANAGE -
MENT AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) R EQUIREMENT TO ESTABLISH .—Not later 
than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this title, the Secretary shall establish a Gulf States Red Snapper Management Au-thority that consists of the principal fish-eries manager of each of the Gulf coastal States. 
‘‘(2) D
UTIES .—The duties of the GSRSMA 
are as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN7.014 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3609 June 1, 2015 
‘‘(A) To review and approve red snapper 
fishery management plans, as set out in the Act. 
‘‘(B) To provide standards for each Gulf 
coastal State to use in developing fishery management measures to sustainably man-age Gulf of Mexico red snapper in the coastal waters adjacent to such State. 
‘‘(C) To the maximum extent practicable, 
make scientific data, stock assessments and other scientific information upon which fish-ery management plans are based available to the public for inspection prior to meetings described in paragraph (c)(2). 
‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENT FOR PLANS .— 
‘‘(1) D EADLINE FOR SUBMISSION OF PLANS .— 
The GSRSMA shall establish a deadline for each Gulf coastal State to submit to the GSRSMA a red snapper fishery management plan for such State. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSISTENCY WITH FEDERAL FISHERY  
MANAGEMENT PLANS .—To the extent prac-
ticable, the Gulf Coastal States fishery man-agement plans shall be consistent with the requirements in section 303(a) of the Fishery Conservation and Management Act of 1976 (16 U.S.C. 1853(a)). 
‘‘(c) R
EVIEW AND APPROVAL OF PLANS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of the enactment of this title and not more than 60 days after one or more Gulf coastal States submits a red snapper fishery management plan and annually thereafter, the GSRSMA shall review and ap-prove by majority vote the red snapper fish-ery management plan if such plan meets the requirements of this title. 
‘‘(2) P
UBLIC PARTICIPATION .—Prior to ap-
proving a red snapper fishery management plan submitted by one or more Gulf coastal States, the GSRSMA shall provide an ade-quate opportunity for public participation, including— 
‘‘(A) at least 1 public hearing held in each 
respective Gulf coastal State; and 
‘‘(B) procedures for submitting written 
comments to GSRSMA on the fishery man-agement plan. 
‘‘(3) P
LAN REQUIREMENTS .—A red snapper 
fishery management plan submitted by one or more Gulf coastal States shall— 
‘‘(A) contain standards and procedures for 
the long-term sustainability of Gulf of Mex-ico red snapper based on the best available science; 
‘‘(B) comply with the standards described 
in subsection (a)(2)(B); and 
‘‘(C) determine quotas for the red snapper 
fishery in the coastal waters adjacent to such Gulf coastal State or States, respec-tively, based on stock assessments, and— 
‘‘(i) any recommendation by the GSRSMA 
to reduce quota apportioned to the commer-cial sector by more than 10 percent shall be reviewed and approved by the Gulf Fishery Management Council; 
‘‘(ii) during the 3-year period beginning on 
the date of enactment of this title and con-sistent with subsection (d), the GSRSMA shall not determine a quota apportioned to the commercial sector; and 
‘‘(iii) nothing in this Act shall be con-
strued to change the individual quota shares currently in place in the commercial sector of the Gulf of Mexico red snapper fishery 
‘‘(4) R
EVIEW AND APPROVAL .—Not later than 
60 days after the date the GSRSMA receives a red snapper fishery management plan from one or more Gulf coastal State or States, the GSRSMA shall review and approve such plan if such plan satisfies the requirements of subsection (b). 
‘‘(d) C
ONTINUED MANAGEMENT BY THE SEC-
RETARY .—During the 3-year period beginning 
on the date of the enactment of this title, the Secretary, in coordination with the Gulf of Mexico Fishery Management Council, shall continue to manage the commercial sector of the Gulf of Mexico red snapper fish-
ery. 
‘‘(e) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) R EPORTS BY GULF COASTAL STATES .— 
Each Gulf coastal State shall submit to the GSRSMA an annual report on the status of the Gulf of Mexico red snapper fishery in coastal waters adjacent to such State. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORT BY THE GSRSMA .—Not less 
often than once every 5 years, the GSRSMA shall use the information submitted in the annual reports required by paragraph (1) to prepare and submit to the Secretary a report on the status of the Gulf of Mexico red snap-per fishery. 
‘‘(3) A
NNUAL REPORT BY NATIONAL OCEANIC  
AND ATMOSPHERIC ADMINISTRATION .—The Ad-
ministrator of the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration shall submit to Congress an annual report on the implemen-tation of this title. 
‘‘SEC. 504. STATE IMPLEMENTATION OF THE RED 
SNAPPER FISHERY MANAGEMENT PLANS. 
‘‘(a) A LLOCATION OF MANAGEMENT TO THE  
GULFSTATES .— 
‘‘(1) C ERTIFICATION OF APPROVED PLANS .— 
The GSRSMA shall certify to the Secretary that a red snapper fishery management plan is approved under section 503 for each of the Gulf coastal States. 
‘‘(2) T
RANSFER OF MANAGEMENT .—Upon re-
ceipt of the certification described in para-graph (1) and subject to section 503 (d), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) publish a notice in the Federal Reg-
ister revoking the regulations and portions of the Reef Fish Federal fishery management plan that are in conflict with any red snap-per fishery management plan approved by the GSRSMA; and 
‘‘(B) transfer management of Gulf of Mex-
ico red snapper to the GSRSMA. 
‘‘(b) I
MPLEMENTATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Upon the transfer of 
management described in subsection (a)(2)(B) and subject to section 503 (d), each Gulf coastal State shall implement and enforce the red snapper fishery management plans approved under section 503 for the Gulf of Mexico red snapper fishery in the coastal waters adjacent to each Gulf coastal State. 
‘‘(2) F
AILURE TO TRANSFER MANAGEMENT .— 
If the certification described in subsection (a)(1) is not made the transfer of manage-ment described in subsection (a)(2)(B) may not be accomplished and the Secretary shall remain responsible for management of the Gulf of Mexico red snapper. 
‘‘SEC. 505. OVERSIGHT OF GULF OF MEXICO RED 
SNAPPER MANAGEMENT. 
‘‘(a) I MPLEMENTATION AND ENFORCEMENT OF  
FISHERY MANAGEMENT PLANS .—Not later 
than December 1 of the year following the transfer of management described in section 504(a)(2), and at any other time the GSRSMA 
considers appropriate after that date, the GSRSMA shall determine if— 
‘‘(1) each Gulf coastal State has fully 
adopted and implemented the red snapper fishery management plan approved under section 503 for such State; 
‘‘(2) each such plan continues to be in com-
pliance with the standards for sustainability provided by the GSRSMA pursuant to sec-tion 503(a)(2); and 
‘‘(3) the enforcement of the plan by each 
Gulf coastal State is satisfactory to main-tain the long-term sustainability and abun-dance of Gulf of Mexico red snapper. 
‘‘(b) O
VERFISHING AND REBUILDING PLANS .— 
‘‘(1) C ERTIFICATION .—If the Gulf of Mexico 
red snapper in the coastal waters adjacent to a Gulf coastal State is experiencing over-fishing or is subject to a rebuilding plan, such Gulf coastal State shall submit a cer-tification to the GSRSMA showing that such State— ‘‘(A) has implemented the necessary meas-
ures to end overfishing or rebuild the fish-ery; and 
‘‘(B) in consultation with the National 
Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, has implemented a program to provide for data collection adequate to monitor the har-vest of Gulf of Mexico red snapper by such State. 
‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATION TO SECRETARY .—If, after 
such time as determined by the GSRSMA, a Gulf coastal State that submitted a certifi-cation under paragraph (1) has not imple-mented the measures and requirements de-scribed in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of such paragraph, the GSRSMA shall vote on whether to notify the Secretary of a rec-ommendation of closure of the red snapper fishery in the waters adjacent to the State territorial waters of the Gulf coastal State. 
‘‘(c) C
LOSURE OF THE GULF OF MEXICO RED 
SNAPPER FISHERY .— 
‘‘(1) C ONDITIONS FOR CLOSURE .—Not later 
than 60 days after the receipt of a notice under subsection (b)(2) for a Gulf coastal State, the Secretary may declare a closure of the Gulf of Mexico red snapper fishery within the waters adjacent to the State territorial waters of the Gulf coastal State. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—Prior to making a 
declaration under paragraph (2), the Sec-retary shall consider the comments of such Gulf coastal State and the GSRSMA. 
‘‘(3) A
CTIONS PROHIBITED DURING CLOSURE .— 
During a closure of the Gulf of Mexico red 
snapper fishery under paragraph (1), it is un-lawful for any person— 
‘‘(A) to engage in fishing for Gulf of Mexico 
red snapper within the waters adjacent to the State territorial waters of the Gulf coastal State covered by the closure; 
‘‘(B) to land, or attempt to land, the Gulf 
of Mexico red snapper in the area of the clo-sure; or 
‘‘(C) to fail to return to the water any Gulf 
of Mexico red snapper caught in the area of the closure that are incidental to commer-cial harvest or in the recreational fisheries. 
‘‘(4) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall be construed to allow the Sec-retary to close the red snapper fishery in the State territorial waters of a Gulf coastal State. 
‘‘SEC. 506. GULF STATES MARINE FISHERIES 
COMMISSION. 
‘‘(a) F UNDING TO THE GULFSTATES MARINE  
FISHERIES COMMISSION .—The Secretary shall 
provide all Federal funding to the Gulf States Marine Fisheries Commission for all necessary stock assessments, research, and management for the red snapper fishery. 
‘‘(b) F
UNDING TO THE GULF COASTAL  
STATES .—The Gulf States Marine Fisheries 
Commission shall be responsible for admin-istering the Federal funds referred to in paragraph (1) to each of the Gulf coastal States for proper management of the red snapper fishery. 
‘‘(c) N
OADDITIONAL APPROPRIATIONS AU-
THORIZED .—Nothing in this section may be 
construed to increase the amount of Federal funds authorized to be appropriated for Gulf of Mexico red snapper fishery management. 
‘‘SEC. 507. NO EFFECT ON MANAGEMENT OF 
SHRIMP FISHERIES IN FEDERAL WATERS. 
‘‘(a) B YCATCH REDUCTION DEVICES .—Noth-
ing in this title may be construed to effect any requirement related to the use of Gulf of Mexico red snapper bycatch reduction de-vices in the course of shrimp trawl fishing activity. 
‘‘(b) B
YCATCH OF REDSNAPPER .—Nothing in 
this title shall be construed to apply to or af-fect in any manner the Federal management of commercial shrimp fisheries in the Gulf of Mexico as in effect on the date of the enact-ment of this section, including any inci-dental catch of red snapper’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN7.015 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3610 June 1, 2015 
(b) C ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) D ATA COLLECTION .—Section 401(g)(3)(C) 
of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conserva-tion and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1881(g)(3)(G)) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end of clause (iv), by striking the period at the end of clause (v) and inserting ‘‘; and’’, and by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(vi) in the case of each fishery in the Gulf 
of Mexico, taking into consideration all data collection activities related to fishery effort that are undertaken by the marine resources division of each relevant State of the Gulf of Mexico Fishery Management Council.’’. 
(2) G
ULF STATE TERRITORIAL WATERS .—Sec-
tion 306(b) of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1856(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(4) Notwithstanding section 3(11) and sub-
section (a) of this section, for purposes of managing fisheries in the Gulf of Mexico, the seaward boundary of a coastal State in the Gulf of Mexico is a line three marine leagues seaward from the baseline from which the territorial sea of the United States is meas-ured.’’. 
(c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents in the first section of such Act is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘TITLE V—TRANSFER TO STATES OF 
MANAGEMENT OF RED SNAPPER FISH-ERIES IN THE GULF OF MEXICO 
‘‘Sec. 501. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 502. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 503. Management of Gulf of Mexico red 
snapper. 
‘‘Sec. 504. State implementation of the red 
snapper fishery management plans. 
‘‘Sec. 505. Oversight of Gulf of Mexico red 
snapper management. 
‘‘Sec. 506. Gulf States Marine Fisheries 
Commission. 
‘‘Sec. 507. No effect on management of 
shrimp fisheries in Federal waters.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 274, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Louisiana. 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield myself 2 minutes. 
Mr. Chairman, when I was a child 
growing up in south Louisiana, rec-reational fishing for red snapper, we were allowed to go out all year round. All year long, we could go out and go enjoy fishing with our family and ac-cess the bounties of the Gulf of Mexico. 
As a matter of fact, the Gulf of Mex-
ico is so productive, we don’t just have great recreational fishing in south Louisiana; we have great commercial as well. We have some of the best res-taurants in the Nation. 
We have a very robust commercial 
fishing industry. In fact, Mr. Chair-man, it is the second biggest commer-cial fishing industry only to the State of Alaska, which I think is unfair be-cause they get to weigh their crab shells. 
Mr. Chairman, the reality is that we 
have seen the National Marine Fish-eries Service, over the last several years, continue to use science that is not as robust as what the States are using to manage their fisheries. b1715 
Mr. Chairman, access for the rec-
reational fishermen went down from year round when I was a child. Even in the 1990s, it was nearly 200 days, down to this year, where the National Ma-rine Fisheries Service says that it is limited to only 10 days for recreational fishing. Parents and their children can go out for 10 days. 
Meanwhile, for the first time ever, 
the National Marine Fisheries Service has split up the charter for hire and the recreational to allow the charter for hire to go out for 45 days and effec-tively allow the commercial fishermen to go out year round. 
I want to be clear, Mr. Chairman. 
This isn’t about pitting the different fishing sectors against one another. What this is about is ensuring that we are using the best science and ensuring that we are providing access to all fish-ers—the recreational, the charter for hire, and the commercial. It needs to be based upon the best science. We can have much better management of that resource by ensuring consistency be-tween State waters and Federal waters. 
The five Gulf States have come up 
with a plan. Unanimously, the five Gulf States have come up with a plan to manage those fisheries by the five fish and game agencies among the five Gulf States. 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment sim-
ply codifies that agreement of the five Gulf States and allows those States to manage the red snapper fishery iden-tical to how the striped bass fishery is managed on the Atlantic coast. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim time in opposition to the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Arizona is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I am 
disappointed to see this amendment back again after it failed to pass in committee. 
I understand that recreational fisher-
men in the Gulf of Mexico want to be able to keep more of the red snapper they catch, but the solution is not to steal fish from a responsibly managed and accountable commercial sector that provides millions of Americans the opportunity to choose healthy, fresh, sustainable Gulf red snapper at stores and restaurants; nor is it the so-lution to hand management over to Gulf States before they have developed a plan for managing the resource that consists of more than just ‘‘trust us.’’ 
Simple arithmetic shows that there 
are too many people putting too much pressure on the red snapper stock just to sustain a recreational fishing season that lasts for more than a few days. To address that problem, private boat an-glers will need to present creative solu-tions such as those that the commer-cial and charter for hire sectors have developed. 
NOAA is doing an incredible job re-
building this stock under Magnuson, and the Gulf Council has the ability to 
debate and adopt a regional manage-ment approach or other alternative management strategies without inter-ference from Washington. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amend-
ment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ). 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-
man, I understand the concern of the gentleman from Louisiana on the cur-rent status of red snapper management in the Gulf of Mexico and your interest to support actions taken by the Gulf States that are supported by many of your constituents. 
The amendment being offered today 
is a start in the process, but I respect-fully suggest it needs further discus-sion. I support regional solutions but 
have concerns with proposals that will take the red snapper fishery outside of the Magnuson-Stevens Act manage-ment process. 
I am willing to continue to work 
with the gentleman from Louisiana, Chairman B
ISHOP , and other Members, 
as well as fishing groups involved, to try to find a resolution to the manage-ment issues impacting the red snapper fishery. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. 
Chairman, this amendment is sup-ported by the American Sportfishing Association; the Billfish Foundation; CCA, the Coastal Conservation Asso-ciation; the Center for Coastal Con-servation; the Congressional Sports-men’s Foundation; the International Game Fish Association; National Ma-rine Manufacturers Association; Guy Harvey Ocean Foundation; Rec-reational Fishing Alliance; and the Theodore Roosevelt Conservation Part-nership. 
Mr. Chairman, I am struggling with 
understanding the concerns that I re-cently heard expressed by the other side. 
Mr. Chairman, this is identical to 
how the Atlantic striped bass is man-aged on our East Coast. Why is there not an amendment to withdraw that authority if it is so problematic to have the five Gulf States consistently manage the natural resources in their State waters, as they do today, and in the adjacent Federal waters? 
It has been proven through various 
hearings that the committee has had that the science being used by the States is much better than the science that is being used by the Federal Gov-ernment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I will 
continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. I yield 
myself 30 seconds. 
Mr. Chairman, I would like to include 
in the R
ECORD a one-pager that was re-
leased by the various groups that I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN7.015 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3611 June 1, 2015 
cited, and I would also like to include 
in the R ECORD a document that was 
written in March of this year by the five Gulf States that explains the man-agement. 
THESTATE -BASED SOLUTION TO GULF OF  
MEXICO REDSNAPPER  
In March 2015, the directors of the state 
fish and wildlife agencies from Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas an-nounced an agreement for state-based man-agement of Gulf of Mexico red snapper, which in recent years has experienced in-creasing privatization of this public resource and decreasing recreational fishing opportu-nities. 
Gulf of Mexico red snapper is presently 
managed by the Gulf of Mexico Fishery Man-agement Council, under the National Marine Fisheries Service. The states’ agreement, which is predicated on transferring manage-ment authority away from the Council, de-scribes the key elements of a plan in which the five Gulf states would coordinate man-agement of red snapper throughout the Gulf of Mexico through the proposed Gulf States Red Snapper Management Authority. 
Numerous regional and national fisheries 
organizations have come out in support of the states’ plan. The recreational fishing community has long had a strong relation-ship with state fish and wildlife agencies be-cause of their ability to manage fisheries re-sources in a way that allows for healthy pop-ulations and public access. Most all of the nation’s most popular saltwater recreational fisheries are managed by the states. Rarely, if ever, does overfishing occur in state-man-aged recreational fisheries. 
States are also tremendously successful at 
managing commercial fisheries. Nothing in the Gulf states’ plan proposes to change how the commercial red snapper fishery is man-aged. 
It has become abundantly clear that the 
current Gulf red snapper management sys-tem cannot produce successful outcomes for recreational fishermen. Somewhere along the way of rebuilding the fishery, to where it’s now at an abundance level beyond any-one’s expectations, management went off the tracks. A new path forward is needed, the states’ are to be commended for their will-ingness to take on this task. 
Representatives Garret Graves of Lou-
isiana and Jeff Miller of Florida are cham-pioning this plan. They are working to en-sure congressional action on this issue aligns with the five Gulf states. 
MARCH 13, 2015. 
TOWHOMITMAYCONCERN : Management of 
the red snapper fishery in the Gulf of Mexico continues to be a major challenge with in-creasing dissatisfaction among anglers and serious calls for restructuring the Gulf red snapper management system. As a result, a number of proposals and various drafts of legislation for changing this system have emerged. Recognizing that significant changes are being considered, the marine fisheries directors from the five Gulf States have been engaged in an effort to develop and document an alternative to the current management strategy that has mutual agreement and support. Together, we have developed a framework for cooperative state- based management of Gulf red snapper; the enclosed document outlines the conceptual elements of that plan. 
Under this alternative concept, the Gulf 
States would coordinate management of red snapper throughout the Gulf of Mexico through a new, independent body called the Gulf States Red Snapper Management Au-thority (GSRSMA). The GSRSMA would be comprised of the principle marine fisheries managers from each Gulf States, and the 
management authority for Gulf-red snapper would no longer reside within the Gulf of Mexico Fishery Management Council. 
The GSRSMA framework outlines a 
straightforward process that would allow states to use flexible management ap-proaches to manage red snapper to meet local needs as well as Gulf-wide conservation goals. Each state would be responsible for all management of red snapper in their respec-tive state and adjacent federal waters. The GSRSMA would approve each state’s man-agement plan, coordinate population assess-ments, provide consistent accountability measures, and distribute federal funding for research, assessment, and management. 
Each state fisheries management agency 
places great value in working together in partnership and collaboration to ensure we have a robust, sustainable, and accessible red snapper fishery in the Gulf. The states recog-nize the importance of the red snapper fish-ery to the fabric and identity of local com-munities throughout the Gulf as well as the tremendous economic impact that it pro-vides each state. 
Thank you for the opportunity to present 
to you the GSRSMA concept agreed upon by each state. If there are any questions or comments about the concept, please do not hesitate to contact any of us directly. 
Sincerely, 
R
OBIN RIECHERS , 
Director of Coastal 
Fisheries, Texas Parks and Wildlife Department. 
R
ANDY PAUSINA , 
Assistant Secretary, 
Office of Fisheries, Louisiana Depart-ment of Wildlife and Fisheries. 
J
AMIE MILLER , 
Executive Director, 
Mississippi Depart-ment of Marine Re-sources. 
C
HRIS BLANKENSHIP , 
Director, Marine Re-
sources Division, Alabama Depart-ment of Conserva-tion and Natural Re-sources. 
J
ESSICA MCCAWLEY , 
Director, Division of 
Marine Fisheries Management, Flor-ida Fish and Wild-life Conservation Commission. 
Enclosure. 
G
ULFSTATES REDSNAPPER MANAGEMENT  
AUTHORITY (GSRSMA) 
This document outlines elements of a plan 
in which the Gulf States would coordinate management of red snapper throughout the Gulf of Mexico through the Gulf States Red Snapper Management Authority (GSRSMA). 
MANAGEMENT  
The governing body of GSRSMA would be 
comprised of the principal fisheries manager (or his/her proxy) from each of the five Gulf States. There would be a rotating chair serv-ing a two-year term. All actions of GSRSMA would be by majority vote. The primary function of the GSRSMA would be approval of each state’s or group of states’ Red Snap-per Fisheries Management Plan (hereafter referred to as the Plan) which would address all components (commercial and rec-reational) of the Gulf States red snapper fishery. The Plan may extend to multiple years with annual review of specific compo-nents to include, but not limited to: assess-ment methodology, data collection, annual 
management measures and timelines. 
The Plan would include an initial three- 
year prohibition on any actions that might affect individual fishing quotas or manage-ment structure of the commercial fishery, effective from date of adoption by GSRSMA. During this period, NOAA Fisheries through the Gulf of Mexico Fishery Management Council would continue to manage the com-mercial fishery under existing regulations. 
Each state would be responsible for the 
management of the fishery in their respec-tive state territorial sea and adjacent exclu-sive economic zone (EEZ) water using the best available science and information. The states would be required to ensure over-fishing will not occur through the full range of management and assessment strategies available to each state or group of states acting in concert. These strategies would not be limited to those based on total allowable catch. The GSRSMA, as a whole would annu-ally review and approve the red snapper management actions of an individual state or groups of states acting in concert. If the status of the fishery in each state is in equi-librium or expanding, no change in manage-ment actions may be required. If the status of the fishery is below equilibrium or declin-ing, the responsible state or states would be required to take appropriate action to revise existing management actions to establish equilibrium, and those actions would have to be approved by the GSRSMA. 
The GSRSMA or each state would be re-
quired to prepare an annual report on the status of the fishery based on the individual states (or states acting in concert) manage-ment strategies and assessment methodolo-gies. The GSRSMA will conduct a periodic gulf-wide population review of red snapper on a schedule not to exceed every 5 years. 
ASSESSMENT  
Each individual state or group of states 
would conduct an assessment of the status of red snapper populations within their adja-cent waters. The full range of assessment methodologies would be available to each state or group of states using the best avail-able science to inform management actions. 
Assessments would be conducted periodi-
cally on a timeline determined by the GSRSMA. Assessment methodologies and data collection strategies for both fisheries dependent and independent data would be ap-proved by the GSRSMA. The GSRSMA would be required to conduct a periodic and Gulf- wide population review of the health of the fishery and status of red snapper on a sched-ule not to exceed five years between such as-sessments. 
ACCOUNTABILITY  
Each Gulf state would formally agree to 
comply fully with management measures de-veloped through the GSRSMA-approved Plan under a memorandum of agreement. The GSRSMA could request additional account-ability actions through the Secretary of Commerce if a Gulf state or group of Gulf states adopted management measures or reg-ulations significantly inconsistent from the red snapper management framework identi-fied in the Plan when such inconsistent measures could negatively impact the inter-ests of other Gulf states with regard to red snapper management. 
The procedures established as part of the 
Striped Bass Act, Sec. 5153—Monitoring of Implementation and Enforcement by Coastal States would serve as a model for developing procedures for action through the Secretary of Commerce specific to the red snapper fish-ery in the Gulf of Mexico. Federal action to provide accountability and ensure consist-ency would be limited to the federal waters adjacent to the state(s) that adopted incon-sistent management measures or actions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.042 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3612 June 1, 2015 
Under no circumstances would federal au-
thority or action supersede that of an indi-vidual state within designated state waters. The following link provides greater detail on the procedures used by the Atlantic States Marine Fisheries Commission in regards to management of striped bass: http:// www.asmfc.org/uploads/file/ Striped lBass lAct.pdf 
State regulation of red snapper would ex-
tend seaward from a state’s shoreline to the 200 mile limit (Figure 1). Individual states would enforce regulations within their boundaries under licensing to that state or with agreement and appropriate licensing in other adjacent states. State regulations re-lated to red snapper under the Plan would apply to all fishing activities associated with red snapper landed in a given state, not just state registered vessels. 
State waters for all Gulf States would ex-
tend to nine nautical miles for the purpose of uniform enforcement and management ac-tions related to red snapper. 
FUNDING  
Federal funding specific to red snapper now 
going to federal research, assessment and management would be appropriated to the Gulf States Marine Fisheries Commission and passed through to the states for use and distribution under the GSRSMA. 
Federal funding of enforcement that is cur-
rently provided to the Gulf States for fish-eries enforcement shall not be reduced be-cause of transfer of red snapper management to GSRSMA. Federal agents will work in concert with deputized state agents to en-force state regulations approved by the GSRSMA. 
The National Marine Fisheries Service will 
continue to provide access to all fisheries data and services available before transfer of red snapper management under the same ar-rangements and conditions after the transfer of management authority to GSRSMA. 
Figure 1. Jurisdictional boundaries des-
ignated for enforcement purposes at a state level. These boundaries may be adjusted based on state(s) exercising the option to work in concert on regulations with each other. 
STATUTORY PROVISIONS  
In order to establish the GSRSMA, the 
management of red snapper must be vacated from the Gulf of Mexico Fishery Manage-ment Council Reef Fish Fishery Manage-ment Plan and any provisions that have been established for red snapper with that plan or any amendments to that plan. 
Additionally, this Act and any provisions 
of this Act regarding management and en-forcement of any regulations and manage-ment provisions to the extent that there is any conflict will take precedence over the MSA and any portions of the Gulf of Mexico Fishery Management Council’s Reef Fish Fishery Management Plan. 
KEYPROVISIONS  
GULFSTATES REDSNAPPER MANAGEMENT  
AUTHORITY (GSRSMA) 
This document provides a summary of the 
key elements of a plan in which the Gulf states would coordinate management of red snapper throughout the Gulf of Mexico through the proposed Gulf States Red Snap-per Management Authority (GSRSMA). 
MANAGEMENT & ASSESSMENT  
The governing body for the GSRSMA 
would be comprised of the principal fisheries manager (or his/her proxy) from each of the five Gulf States. 
Primary function of the GSRSMA would be 
approval of each state’s Red Snapper Fish-eries Management Plan which would address all components of the fishery. Within each Plan there would be an initial 
three year prohibition on actions affecting individual fishing quotas. 
Using the best available science, each state 
would be responsible for the management of the fishery in their respective state terri-torial sea and adjacent exclusive economic zone (EEZ) waters to ensure that overfishing would not occur. 
Reporting requirements will include an an-
nual report on the status of the fishery from each state(s) and a gulf-wide population re-view will be conducted at least every 5 years. 
ACCOUNTABILITY  
Each state would formally agree to comply 
fully with management measures developed through the GSRSMA-approved Plan. 
The GSRSMA could request additional ac-
countability actions through the Secretary of Commerce if a Gulf state or group of Gulf states adopted management measures or reg-ulations significantly inconsistent with the Plan. 
Any accountability action based on a re-
quest to the Secretary of Commerce would be limited to federal waters adjacent to the state or states that adopted measures incon-sistent with the Plan. 
State regulations and enforcement of those 
regulations for red snapper would extend sea-ward from a states shoreline to the 200 mile limit. 
State waters for all Gulf States would ex-
tend to nine nautical miles for the purpose of uniform enforcement and management ac-tions related to red snapper. 
FUNDING  
Federal funding for research, assessment 
and management of red snapper would be ap-propriated to the Gulf States Marine Fish-eries Commission and passed to the states. 
Federal funding for fisheries enforcement 
shall continue at current levels and NMFS will continue to share fisheries data and other data necessary for management after transfer of authority. 
STATUTORY PROVISIONS  
Provisions of this Act will take precedence 
over the MSA and any portions of the Gulf of Mexico Fishery Management Council Reef Fish Fishery Management Plan. 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ), the 
distinguished chairman. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
in the same way Federal lands must be accessible to sportsmen and -women, so must our Federal waters as well. 
I concur with the gentleman that 
there is an access problem with the red snapper. The underlying bill extends the Gulf State coastal waters to 9 miles, requires fish to be counted around reefs, and requires the incorpo-ration of State and local data on red snapper management so that the red snapper population will be counted. 
Almost everyone agrees that the pop-
ulation is undercounted, but counting more fish does not guarantee that rec-reational fishermen will have more days in Federal waters. 
I want to work with the gentleman 
from Louisiana, Mr. M
ILLER of Florida, 
and any other coastal States Rep-resentatives to have hearings and move along other bills that may come about. 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. 
Chairman, in closing, I just want to say that I appreciate Chairman B
ISHOP ’s offer to move legislation that the distinguished chairman of the Vet-
erans’ Affairs Committee and I will be introducing soon that pertains to this exact issue and to have hearings on this as well. 
Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Chair, in Louisiana, we 
fish—whether that’s enjoying a Saturday on the water for fun or making a living as a com-mercial or charter fisherman. 
That’s why I stand with my Louisiana col-
league, G
ARRET GRAVES , in support of this 
common-sense amendment. 
As an expert on policies affecting our Gulf 
Coast, Congressman G RAVES knows it is rare 
for all 5 Gulf states to agree when it comes to ocean management and conservation policy. 
So it’s remarkable when these 5 states 
come together on a proposal to transfer Red Snapper management in the Gulf of Mexico away from the federally managed program that continues to fail recreational anglers. 
That’s all this common-sense amendment 
does—make this existing management agree-ment into law. 
I believe as Representative G
RAVES does 
when states come together to present a work-ing proposal to Congress, we as their Rep-resentatives should listen. 
I urge my colleagues to support states’ 
rights and support this amendment. 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. With 
that, I withdraw the amendment. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . WITTMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 7 printed in House Report 114–128. 
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
SEC. 29. AUTHORITY TO USE ALTERNATIVE FISH-
ERY MANAGEMENT MEASURES. 
Section 302(h) (16 U.S.C. 1852(h)) is amend-
ed— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (8) as para-
graph (9); and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (7), the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(8) have the authority to use alternative 
fishery management measures in a rec-reational fishery (or the recreational compo-nent of a mixed-use fishery), including ex-traction rates, fishing mortality targets, and harvest control rules, in developing a fishery management plan, plan amendment, or pro-posed regulations.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 274, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. W
ITTMAN ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, my 
amendment would give the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, NOAA, Fisheries the authority to implement management practices bet-ter suited to the nature and scope of recreational fishing. 
I hope we can all agree that commer-
cial and recreational fisheries are fun-damentally different activities, with dissimilar harvest data collection sys-tems that can benefit from different management techniques. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN7.031 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3613 June 1, 2015 
Commercial fisheries are managed 
for yield. Commercial landings can usually be counted or weighed in realtime; thus, quotas can be enforced in realtime. This allows managers to close a fishery well before the allow-able catch is exceeded. In short, a com-mercial fishery’s catch can be managed in realtime based on data from verified landings. 
Recreational fisheries are different 
and should be managed for expectation, as opposed to yield. Anglers fish for a variety of reasons, but a lack of fish will make them go less frequently or stop altogether. Anglers and fishermen need to believe they will have oppor-tunity to encounter fish, with the hopes they may catch some, possibly including some large enough to take home. 
Instead of yield, abundance and age 
structure are key elements to rec-reational fisheries since those factors govern both the rate of encounters and the size of fish caught. Maximizing yield has little meaning in most rec-reational fisheries. That is why NOAA’s National Marine Fisheries Service should manage recreational fisheries based on expected long-term harvest rates, not strictly on yield or poundage-based quotas. 
This strategy has been successfully 
used by State fisheries managers in our freshwater and coastal fisheries, pro-viding exceptional recreational fishing opportunities while ensuring sustain-able fish populations. 
By managing the recreational sector 
based on harvest rate as opposed to a poundage-based quota, managers have been able to provide predictability in regulations while also sustaining a healthy population. 
While the Magnuson-Stevens Act 
does not specifically prohibit such an approach, it should specifically direct the National Marine Fisheries Service and regional councils to consider alter-native strategies to commercial man-agement for appropriate recreationally valuable fisheries. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment that provides additional flexibility to improve the management of important recreational fisheries. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Arizona is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I un-
derstand and appreciate the motivation behind the gentleman’s amendment. Recreational fisheries are inherently different from commercial fisheries. The language is similar to the alter-native rebuilding strategy section in the underlying bill, one of the few parts that does not harm conservation efforts. 
However, that provision states clear-
ly that the alternative strategies must be in compliance with the require-ments of the Magnuson-Stevens Act, including ending overfishing, setting science-based catch limits, and stick-
ing to rebuilding timelines. 
This amendment does not include 
those safeguards and, therefore, could be construed as to allow overfishing or delay the rebuilding of overfished stock. We have made too much progress in managing fisheries to back-track now. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amendment 
and reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
would tell the gentleman from Arizona that this amendment does not in any way stop National Marine Fisheries Service or the councils from pre-venting overfishing and making the needed changes to management. 
This bill purely provides them the 
flexibility and adaptability to properly manage recreational fisheries which, as the gentleman from Arizona said, we all know are different than those com-mercial fisheries. 
I want to make sure that they have 
the opportunity to manage the fish-eries properly and especially in light of recreational fishermen and the local economies that depend on viable, sus-tainable recreational fisheries. 
We know that we have to make sure 
we are making good resource decisions, and we do that by providing that flexi-bility and adaptability. This amend-ment allows us to do that. 
It allows recreational fisheries and 
the management thereof to be treated different than commercial fisheries which we have all seen through time we must do if we are to manage them in the best interest not only of the re-source itself—that is the fish—but to manage it in the best interest of our recreational fishermen and the econo-mies that depend on them. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, with-
out the safeguards that are included in the Magnuson-Stevens Act being part of this amendment, we continue to rec-ommend a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amend-ment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. W
ITTMAN ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . HUFFMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 8 printed in House Report 114–128. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Strike all and insert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fishing 
Economy Improvement Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REFERENCES. 
Except as otherwise specifically provided, 
whenever in this Act an amendment or re-peal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a provision of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conserva-
tion and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.). 
SEC. 3. AMENDMENTS TO DEFINITIONS. 
Section 3 (16 U.S.C. 1802) is amended— 
(1) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(1a) The term ‘artisanal fishing’ means 
subsistence or small scale traditional fishing involving fishing households (as opposed to commercial companies)— 
‘‘(A) using a relatively small amount of 
capital and energy and relatively small fish-ing vessels (if any); 
‘‘(B) making short fishing trips, close to 
shore; and 
‘‘(C) mainly for local consumption.’’; (2) by inserting after paragraph (27) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(27a) The term ‘marine aquaculture’ 
means the propagation and rearing of aquat-ic species in controlled or selected environ-ments in the exclusive economic zone.’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (16), by adding at the end 
the following: ‘‘Such term does not include marine aquaculture.’’. 
SEC. 4. TRANSPARENCY AND PUBLIC PROCESS. 
(a) A DVICE .—Section 302(g)(1)(B) (16 U.S.C. 
1852(g)(1)(B)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Each scientific and statis-tical committee shall develop such advice in a transparent manner and allow for public involvement in the process.’’. 
(b) M
EETINGS .—Section 302(i)(2) (16 U.S.C. 
1852(i)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(G) Each Council shall make available on 
the Internet website of the Council— 
‘‘(i) to the extent practicable, a Web cast 
or a live audio or video broadcast of each meeting of the Council, and of the Council Coordination Committee established under subsection (l), that is not closed in accord-ance with paragraph (3); and 
‘‘(ii) an audio or video recording (if the 
meeting was in person or by video con-ference), or a searchable audio recording or written transcript, of each meeting of the Council and of the meetings of committees referred to in section 302(g)(1)(B) of the Council, by not later than 30 days after the conclusion of the meeting. 
‘‘(H) The Secretary shall maintain and 
make available to the public an archive of Council and scientific and statistical com-mittee meeting audios, videos, and tran-scripts made available under clauses (i) and (ii) subparagraph (G).’’. 
SEC. 5. INCLUSION OF ARTISANAL FISHING SEC-
TORS IN FISHERY MANAGEMENT PLANS. 
Section 303(a)(13) (16 U.S.C. 1853(a)(13)) is 
amended by inserting ‘‘artisanal,’’ after ‘‘in-clude a description of the commercial, rec-reational,’’. 
SEC. 6. IMPROVING FISHERIES DATA COLLEC-
TION. 
(a) E LECTRONIC MONITORING .— 
(1) I SSUANCE OF GUIDANCE .— 
(A) R EQUIREMENT .—The Secretary of Com-
merce shall issue guidance regarding the use of electronic monitoring for the purposes of monitoring fisheries that are subject to the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.). 
(B) C
ONTENT .—The guidance shall— 
(i) distinguish between monitoring for data 
collection and research purposes and moni-toring for compliance and enforcement pur-poses; and 
(ii) include minimum criteria, objectives, 
or performance standards for electronic monitoring. 
(C) P
ROCESS .—In issuing the guidance the 
Secretary shall— 
(i) consult with the Regional Fishery Man-
agement Councils and interstate fishery management commissions; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.045 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3614 June 1, 2015 
(ii) publish the proposed guidance; and 
(iii) provide an opportunity for the submis-
sion by the public of comments on the pro-posed guidance. 
(2) I
MPLEMENTATION OF MONITORING .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), and after the issuance of the final guid-ance, a Council, or the Secretary for fish-eries referred to in section 302(a)(3) of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1852(a)(3)), may, in accordance with the guidance, on a fish-ery-by-fishery basis and consistent with the existing objectives and management goals of a fishery management plan and the Act for a fishery issued by the Council or the Sec-retary, respectively, amend such plan— 
(i) to incorporate electronic monitoring as 
an alternative tool for data collection and monitoring purposes or for compliance and enforcement purposes (or both); and 
(ii) to allow for the replacement of a per-
centage of on-board observers with elec-tronic monitoring. 
(B) C
OMPARABILITY .—Subparagraph (A) 
shall apply to a fishery only if the Council or Secretary, respectively, determines that such monitoring will yield comparable data collection and compliance results. 
(3) P
ILOT PROJECTS .—Before the issuance of 
final guidance, a Council, or the Secretary for fisheries referred to in section 302(a)(3) of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1852(a)(3)), may, subject to the requirements of such Act, on a fishery-by-fishery basis, and con-sistent with the existing objectives and man-agement goals of a fishery management plan for a fishery issued by the Council or the Secretary, respectively, conduct a pilot project for the use of electronic monitoring for the fishery. 
(4) D
EADLINE .—The Secretary shall issue 
final guidance under this subsection by not later than 12 months after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
(b) V
IDEO AND ACOUSTIC SURVEY TECH-
NOLOGIES .—The Secretary shall work with 
the Regional Fishery Management Councils and nongovernmental entities to develop and implement the use pursuant to the Magnu-son-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Man-agement Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.) of video survey technologies and expanded use of acoustic survey technologies. 
SEC. 7. COOPERATIVE RESEARCH AND MANAGE-
MENT PROGRAM. 
(a) P LAN.—Section 318 (16 U.S.C. 1867) is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ be-
fore the first sentence, and by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(2) Not later than one year after the date 
of enactment of the Fishing Economy Im-provement Act, and after consultation with 
the Councils, the Secretary shall publish a plan for implementing and conducting the program established in paragraph (1). Such plan shall identify and describe critical re-gional fishery management and research needs, including for data-poor stocks for which limited scientific or commercial infor-mation is available, possible projects that may address those needs, and estimated costs for such projects. The plan shall be re-vised and updated every 5 years, and updated plans shall include a brief description of projects that were funded in the prior 5-year period and the research and management needs that were addressed by those projects.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘in con-
sultation with the Secretary.’’ and inserting ‘‘. Each Council shall provide a list of such needs to the Secretary on an annual basis, identifying and prioritizing such needs.’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘F
UNDING ’’ 
and inserting ‘‘P RIORITIES ’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (1), by striking all after 
‘‘including’’ and inserting an em dash, fol-lowed on the next line by the following: 
‘‘(A) the use of fishing vessels or acoustic 
or other marine technology; 
‘‘(B) expanding the use of electronic catch 
reporting programs and technology; and 
‘‘(C) improving monitoring and observer 
coverage through the expanded use of elec-tronic monitoring devices and satellite tracking systems such as vessel monitoring systems (VMS) on small vessels.’’. 
(b) Z
EKEGRADER FISHERIES CONSERVATION  
ANDMANAGEMENT FUND.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 208 of the Magnu-
son-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Man-agement Reauthorization Act of 2006 (16 U.S.C. 1891b) is amended— 
(A) in the section heading, by inserting 
‘‘
ZEKE GRADER ’’ before ‘‘ FISHERIES CONSERVA -
TION AND MANAGEMENT FUND ’’; 
(B) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘Zeke 
Grader’’ before ‘‘Fisheries Conservation and Management Fund’’; and 
(C) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘Fishery 
Conservation and Management Fund’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Zeke Grader Fisheries Conservation and Management Fund’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents is amended by striking the item re-lating to section 208 and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘Sec. 208. Zeke Grader Fisheries Conserva-
tion and Management Fund.’’. 
(3) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, 
map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the ‘‘Fisheries Conservation and Management Fund’’ is deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Zeke Grad-er Fisheries Conservation and Management Fund’’. 
SEC. 8. GULF OF MEXICO FISHERIES COOPERA-
TIVE RESEARCH AND RED SNAPPER MANAGEMENT. 
(a) R EPORTING AND DATACOLLECTION PRO-
GRAM .—The Secretary of Commerce shall— 
(1) in conjunction with the States, the Gulf 
of Mexico Fishery Management Council, and the recreational fishing sectors, develop and implement a real-time reporting and data collection program for the Gulf of Mexico red snapper fishery using available tech-nology; and 
(2) make implementation of this sub-
section a priority for funds received by the Secretary and allocated to the Gulf of Mex-ico region under section 2 of the Act of Au-gust 11, 1939 (commonly known as the ‘‘Saltonstall-Kennedy Act’’) (15 U.S.C. 713c– 3). 
(b) S
TOCK SURVEYS AND STOCK ASSESS -
MENTS .—The Secretary of Commerce, acting 
through the National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice Regional Administrator of the Southeast Regional Office, shall for purposes of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.)— 
(1) develop a schedule of stock surveys and 
stock assessments for the Gulf of Mexico Re-gion and the South Atlantic Region for the 5-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and for every 5-year period thereafter; 
(2) direct the Southeast Science Center Di-
rector to implement such schedule; and 
(3) in such development and implementa-
tion— 
(A) give priority to those stocks that are 
commercially or recreationally important; and 
(B) ensure that each such important stock 
is surveyed at least every 5 years. 
(c) U
SE OF FISHERIES INFORMATION IN STOCK  
ASSESSMENTS .—The Southeast Science Cen-ter Director shall ensure that fisheries infor-
mation made available through fisheries pro-grams funded under Public Law 112–141 is in-corporated as soon as possible into any fish-eries stock assessments conducted after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 9. RECREATIONAL FISHING DATA. 
(a) R ECREATIONAL DATACOLLECTION .—Sec-
tion 401(g) (16 U.S.C. 1881(g)) is amended by redesignating paragraph (4) as paragraph (5), and by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(4) F
EDERAL -STATE PARTNERSHIPS .— 
‘‘(A) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall 
establish partnerships with States to develop best practices for implementation of State programs that are exempted under paragraph (2). 
‘‘(B) G
UIDANCE .—The Secretary shall de-
velop guidance, in cooperation with the States, that details best practices for admin-istering State programs that are exempted under paragraph (2), and provide such guid-ance to the States. 
‘‘(C) B
IENNIAL REPORT .—The Secretary 
shall submit to the Congress and publish bi-ennial reports that include— 
‘‘(i) the estimated accuracy of the registry 
program established under paragraph (1) and of State programs that are exempted under paragraph (2); 
‘‘(ii) priorities for improving recreational 
fishing data collection; and 
‘‘(iii) an explanation of any use of informa-
tion collected by such State programs and by the Secretary, including a description of any consideration given to the information by the Secretary. 
‘‘(D) S
TATE GRANT PROGRAM .—The Sec-
retary shall make grants to States to im-prove implementation of State programs consistent with this subsection. The Sec-retary shall prioritize such grants based on the ability of the grant to improve the qual-ity and accuracy of such programs.’’. 
(b) S
TUDY OF RECREATIONAL FISHERIES  
DATA.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce shall enter into an agreement with the National Research Council of the National Academy of Sciences to study the implementation of the programs described in section 401 of the Magnuson-Ste-vens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1881). The study shall— 
(A) provide an updated assessment of rec-
reational survey methods established or im-proved since the publication of the Council’s report entitled ‘‘Review of Recreational Fisheries Survey Methods (2006)’’; 
(B) evaluate the extent to which the rec-
ommendations made in that report were im-plemented pursuant to subsection (g)(3)(B) of that section; and 
(C) examine any limitations of the Marine 
Recreational Fishery Statistics Survey and the marine recreational information pro-gram established under subsection (g)(3)(A) of that section. 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after en-
tering into an agreement under paragraph (1) the Secretary shall submit a report to Con-gress on the results of the study under para-graph (1). 
SEC. 10. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 4 (16 U.S.C. 1803) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘this Act’’ and all that fol-
lows through ‘‘(7)’’ and inserting ‘‘this Act’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2013’’ and in-
serting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 274, the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ) and a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN7.021 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3615 June 1, 2015 
Member opposed each will control 10 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I rise in support of our amendment in 
the nature of a substitute. 
I do want to express my respect and 
appreciation for the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) and his commit-
ment to fisheries management issues over the years. I know many Members, including myself, are very concerned about the sustainability of the fishing industry in our own districts. 
I represent about a third of the Cali-
fornia coast, including many working coastal communities; and the impor-tance of marine fisheries to my district and, I would say, to our country cannot be overstated. 
U.S. fisheries have not only shaped 
the cultural identity of coastal com-munities, such as those I represent and our country, but they have also con-tributed economically in a very signifi-cant way, nearly $90 billion and 1.5 mil-lion jobs. 
b1730 
Recreational fishing provides impor-
tant opportunities to bring families and communities together, and, of course, subsistence fishing is a cul-turally significant tradition that pro-vides an important food source for many people. 
However, I do not believe that H.R. 
1335 represents a constructive approach to ensuring abundant resources for cur-rent and future generations of fisher-men. This bill would take us backward in many respects. It would roll back important elements of the Magnuson Act that are critical to making fish-eries and the fishing industry in the United States economically and envi-ronmentally sustainable. I also don’t believe that successful fisheries man-agement has to include taking potshots at bedrock environmental laws like the Endangered Species Act, the Antiq-uities Act, and NEPA, as this bill seeks to do. For these reasons, I can’t sup-port it. 
Congress first enacted the Magnuson- 
Stevens Act in 1976, with two main goals: first, to put an end to unregu-lated fishing by foreign fleets in U.S. waters, and, second, to develop domes-tic fleets that could reap the economic benefit of our considerable fisheries re-sources. It worked, and it worked so well that domestic fishing soon re-placed foreign fleets in overexploiting U.S. fisheries. 
The 1996 reauthorization required re-
gional fisheries management councils, for the first time, to end domestic overfishing and to develop rebuilding plans, and then the 2007 reauthoriza-tion added an important timeline for rebuilding plans and also enforced catch limits. The original law, together with these amendments, established a fisheries management system in the United States that is now a model for 
the rest of the world. 
The important point here is that all 
three of these acts were bipartisan bills, developed and approved by Re-
publicans and Democrats alike, be-cause everybody recognized the need to maintain sustainable fish stocks and to support domestic commercial and rec-reational fishing. Now, these were also effective progressive endeavors that drastically improved the fisheries in our country. In fact, our Federal fish-eries today have the lowest ever num-ber of stocks that are overfished or subject to overfishing, and a total of 37 stocks have been rebuilt. This is evi-dence that our science-based approach to determining stock status and the managing for sustainability is work-ing. 
But contrary to previous bipartisan 
acts of Congress, this bill was devel-oped with very little input from Demo-crats. Subsequently, it was passed out of committee on a strict party-line vote—no Democrats voting in favor and not a single Democratic amend-ment accepted. Every witness at each hearing that the committee held on this topic in the last Congress agreed on one thing: the Magnuson-Stevens Act was largely working. 
This is not a situation where we 
should be overhauling the law in a wholesale way. It is a situation where we should be making small improve-ments so that the law can continue to work well into the future. 
Now, Mr. Chairman, we want to have 
meaningful discussions with our Re-publican colleagues and develop bipar-tisan legislation in the spirit of pre-vious successful Magnuson Act author-izations. To this end, I introduced the Fishing Economy Improvement Act with my friend, Mr. S
ABLAN , and we are 
offering a germane version as a sub-stitute amendment that would reau-thorize Magnuson and leave intact the core conservation and management provisions, including the requirements to rebuild overfished stocks and set an-nual catch limits. 
The substitute amendment would 
also make improvements to the act. It would prioritize cooperation between scientists and fishermen on research ef-forts, a collaboration that produces useful information, breeds confidence in the system, and improves manage-ment outcomes. It infuses new funding into cooperative research, allowing the agency to accept outside funding, and it modernizes fishery collection and management by encouraging the use of electronic monitoring. 
The amendment makes improve-
ments to the operations of the regional fishery management councils, as well, by increasing transparency and public participation in the process; and it re-quires that the councils consider the interests of Native Alaskans, Pacific Islanders, and American Indians, who often depend on fish for their liveli-hoods, in fishery management plans. 
Our hope is that we can use this reau-
thorization process to start a thought-ful, constructive, and bipartisan con-
versation about fisheries management in the United States. At a time when our oceans face many stressors, includ-ing the combined effects of pollution, acidification, and ocean warming, it is essential that we reauthorize Magnu-son and build on the act’s legacy of successful science-based management. 
Mr. Chairman, the fishermen and 
coastal communities I represent and those whom my colleagues represent deserve that conversation; and, more importantly, they deserve a bill that honors the decades of work that have gone into making American fishery management more sustainable, both economically and ecologically. I urge my colleagues to support our sub-stitute amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. I claim the 
time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 10 minutes. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the 
amendment that has been presented by the gentleman from California. It is a much better amendment than was pre-sented in the committee in which there were elements that were in there that dealt with the California drought, that dealt with NGOs being able to con-tribute that should never have been a part of it, and I appreciate his not put-ting those in this particular amend-ment that is on the floor. But at the same time, it does roll back all the flexibility that was significant and im-portant here. It rolls back the trans-parency that needs to be in effect. 
The underlying bill specifically re-
quires the scientific and statistical committees to develop the scientific advice provided to the councils in a transparent manner and allows them to allow for public involvement in the process. It requires councils to provide Webcasts or audio of each council meeting and posting such recordings on their Web site within 30 days of that particular meeting, and it requires an opportunity for public comment or pro-posals that are relating to the use of electronic monitoring technology. Those would also not be included if this amendment were to take place. 
Some of the ‘‘bedrock’’ laws that are 
referred to here are indeed not taken out of the process. That was handled in one of the other debates we had on a different amendment, which simply says what we are trying to do is avoid just going through the motions a sec-ond time, to try and cut the red tape for more efficiency so that a NEPA law or fish management act, they are the same thing, why do it twice when once is sufficient? Why waste the time, en-ergy, and effort of public bodies to do that? And all those, once again, would be reinstated, that double effort would be reinstated at the same time. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, this bill, as 
a 4-year process, not a recent process, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.047 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3616 June 1, 2015 
goes back to several other times. And 
in my opening statement, I did quote from the leadership of the minority 
party at the time 2 years ago, in that committee, how much they were grate-ful for the input they had on this bill and for taking ideas from the Demo-crat side that were incorporated, and those ideas are still in the base bill. 
It is one of the concepts here that I 
would love to have a bipartisan bill. But more importantly, I want to have a good bill, a bill that solves the prob-lems. You have heard speeches from both sides of the aisle that simply the status quo is not working. There are too many problems that need to be solved. That is one of the reasons why the underlying bill is still being sup-ported by all the people who are in-volved in the industry—by the com-mercial side, by the charter fishing side, and by the recreation people—and the first time that has ever happened. 
So I commend the gentleman from 
Alaska for having done a good process, and I would say go with the underlying bill. It has a better chance of moving us forward to provide better progress and better significance in the future. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. P
INGREE ), a district 
that certainly understands the impor-tance of sustainable commercial and recreational fisheries. 
Ms. PINGREE. I thank Mr. H
UFFMAN  
for giving this opportunity and for car-ing so deeply about our coastal com-munities and our fisheries. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today to support 
the Huffman-Sablan amendment be-cause it would update the process we use to manage our Nation’s fisheries without throwing away core programs. In particular, the Huffman-Sablan amendment would modernize fishery data collection by using electronic monitoring and fisheries survey tech-nologies. These are the technologies that our fishermen need to update the current program, and they are the wave of the future—no pun intended. 
I think it is helpful for all of us to 
recognize the fact that NOAA’s budget for the so-called wetside programs has been facing devastating cuts as well as the sequester cuts over the past several years. As a result, now more than ever, we need to look at about how we can make our dollars do more with our fisheries. Electronic monitoring is a place where we can make an invest-ment in the future that will help our fishermen today. 
Also, the substitute amendment will 
ensure that we leave intact conserva-tion programs that have been helping us to address overfished stocks. In the Gulf of Maine, we have seen the crisis in our fisheries firsthand, and we want to make sure that we are not forget-ting all the work that our men and women who make their livings on the water have done. We do not want to roll back important conservation and management guidelines. So again, Mr. Chairman, I support 
the Huffman-Sablan amendment. I ap-preciate my colleagues for working on this, and I urge all of my other col-leagues to do the same. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ), the sponsor 
of the bill. 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-
man, the gentleman’s amendment, I am pleased to report he has accepted some portion of our bill, but there is some question about the Endangered Species Act. We had a case in Alaska where NOAA, which I don’t know how it happened, they put the Steller sea lion on endangered species because of fishing. There was no real connection between the fishing and the so-called decline in the Steller sea lions, and they killed a community with no science. We come to find out the Steller sea lion had moved away from the area where there was more abun-dant food, not from fishing. The fishing hadn’t caused any problem at all, but it killed that community. 
I argue that in this case, if any of the 
fishing is endangered, that is okay, the fish itself. But when you have a species hurt the fishing community and it didn’t affect the sustainable yield, you see why I think this amendment is in-correct. 
I think you have to consider, again, 
the purposes of the Magnuson-Stevens Act, which originated in the House, was for sustainable fisheries and sus-tainable communities. When you have another act interfere with that, that doesn’t have any science, then I think it is incorrect. 
So I understand what the gentleman 
is saying. Electronically monitoring fisheries is good. The gentlewoman from Maine mentioned that. It is in the bill. There is a lot in this bill that is in the Sablan amendment. But what you are trying to suggest, you roll back the transparency and, I think, the commu-nity activity, which hurts the original base bill, which is the bill that I spon-sored. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
would just note that the process for listing under the Endangered Species 
Act requires best available science. It is a very rigorous and public process, and it is subject to being challenged in various ways. So we think it is robust and has proven itself. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. B
EYER ), who also represents 
a coastal State that understands the importance of sustainably managing our fisheries. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
Mr. H
UFFMAN . 
Mr. Chairman, I am proud to speak in 
support of the Huffman-Sablan sub-stitute amendment. This amendment would complement, rather than over-haul, the fishery management process in place under the Magnuson-Stevens Act, MSA. 
While the current MSA may not be 
perfect, we have heard from many groups again and again that it works. 
We have made incredible gains since the last reauthorization in 2007. 
In its annual report issued in April, 
NOAA reported that the number of do-mestic fish stocks listed as overfished or subject to overfishing has dropped to an all-time low since 1997. Three more fish stocks were rebuilt to target levels in 2014, bringing the total number of rebuilt U.S. marine fish stocks to 37 since 2000. This amazing progress is a result of the combined efforts of NOAA, the regional fishery management coun-cils, the fishing industry, and other stakeholders. 
NOAA currently has pending pro-
posals to tweak the implementation of MSA. That process should be allowed to continue. What is needed now are updates to the MSA that address spe-cific issues that keep the law current, not a weakening of the law and roll-back of conservation measures such as those proposed in H.R. 1335. 
H.R. 1335 would undermine the great 
improvements we have made to make our fisheries economically and environ-mentally sustainable, without address-ing some important factors impacting our fisheries today. For example, I had hoped to offer an amendment to H.R. 1335 that would have product councils with a way of taking the effects of cli-mate change into account when estab-lishing annual catch limits and re-building timelines, but the Rules Com-mittee declined to allow me to offer it on the floor today, despite the critical need for us to deal with the very real impacts that climate change is already having on our oceans and our fisheries. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
to support the Huffman-Sablan amend-ment, which would modernize the data collection and management of fisheries data, improve recreational fisheries data collection and reporting, and pro-vide a way for NOAA to accept outside funding to support cooperative re-search efforts between scientists and fishermen. 
b1745 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
have nothing further, and I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on the amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
With that, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I appreciate the opportunity of going through all these amendments. This is one amendment that does not nec-essarily move us forward in the proc-ess. I wish it did. It did not. Sometimes there are even little tiny bits and pieces that happen to be in there that are one of the reasons why, if we were starting from scratch again, I would ask to be removed. 
For example, Mr. H
UFFMAN does 
name one of the funds in here—the fisheries conservation and manage-ment fund—after a gentleman whose association’s members have been party 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.048 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3617 June 1, 2015 
to more than 20 Federal cases brought 
against the Federal agency since 2007. Much of that litigation has been aimed at the Bureau of Reclamation water projects and farmers and ranchers who serve by them. Congress should not be rewarding such serial litigation. That is one of the things I would have asked to have been removed had we started from scratch in this process. 
But above all, the amendment simply 
erases the flexibility, erases the trans-parency, and erases the science im-provements that are part of the under-lying bill that are so essential; that the elements of those people who live in these communities, who recreate in these areas, who use the commercial side, the fishing side, have all said we are not doing what we need to do; that the present system does have flaws in it and needs to be changed, and we need to move forward on that bill. The un-derlying bill does that. This amend-ment does not do that. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this particular 
amendment and urge us to move for-ward with the bill as written. 
With that, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Chair, I am offering an 
Amendment in the Nature of a Substitute for H.R. 1335, which was submitted to the Rules Committee by my colleague Mr. H
UFFMAN . 
Mr. Chair, the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery 
Conservation and Management Act is a ster-ling example of good federal policy and has helped make the United States the world lead-er in sustainable fisheries management. 
When we last reauthorized Magnuson-Ste-
vens in 2007, we required the use of annual catch limits to end and prevent overfishing. 
Using this management tool—annual catch 
limits—we have increased the number of American fish stocks with populations suffi-ciently large that we can count on their ability to continue reproducing. 
Using annual catch limits as our guide, we 
have reduced the number of stocks being fished in excess of maximum sustainable yield—to an all-rime low. 
Magnuson-Stevens has proven to be effec-
tive environmental policy. 
It is also good economic policy. U.S. fisheries contributed nearly $90 billion 
and 1.5 million jobs to the economy in 2012. And the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration estimates that, when we have fully rebuilt our fisheries, they will add another $31 billion to our national economy and produce 500,000 new jobs. 
Of course, we learn as we go; and there are 
ways that Magnuson-Stevens could be made even more effective as environmental and economic policy. The Huffman-Sablan amend-ment in the nature of a substitute provides some of that fine-tuning. 
And our amendment does that without un-
dermining the annual catch limits regime and other core principles that have made Magnu-son-Stevens so effective. 
H.R. 1335, on the other hand, risks back- 
sliding on the progress we have made. 
I recognize that some of these issues are 
technical in nature, but bear with me. 
H.R. 1335 would allow non-target stocks in 
a fishery to be defined as ecosystem compo-nent species, which are not subject to annual catch limits, even if these non-target stocks 
are depleted or overfished. For instance, H.R. 1335 would allow Atlantic halibut to be reclas-sified as an ecosystem component species, no longer subject to an annual catch limit. Yet, Atlantic halibut today are finally rebuilding after decades of decline. H.R. 1335 would put that progress at risk. 
Another problem with H.R. 1335 is that it 
tries to conform the timelines in the National Environmental Policy Act with timelines in Magnuson-Stevens. This could force the Sec-retary of Commerce to approve fishery man-agement plans that have not had the full ben-efit of National Environmental Policy Act anal-ysis—particularly, by reducing the amount of time that the public has to comment on federal action. I do not think we want to be cutting the public out of this important decision-making process. 
A third problem area for H.R. 1335 is that it 
prohibits information sharing. Fisheries data collected by NOAA in the process of admin-istering Magnuson-Stevens could not be used in the management of other marine resources managed under the Marine Mammal Protec-tion Act, the National Marine Sanctuaries Act, the Antiquities Act, the Endangered Species Act, and the Migratory Bird Treaty Act. Nor could the Magnuson-Stevens fisheries data be used in managing offshore energy exploration and development, or water pollution, or coast-al resources. That does not really make much sense. 
The substitute amendment Mr. H
UFFMAN  
and I are offering avoids these pitfalls. We simply want to improve fisheries research and management to benefit fishermen and fishing communities. 
How does our amendment do that? By implementing electronic monitoring to 
lower costs for the fishing fleet; 
By improving the collection of fisheries data, 
which we all agree is lacking; 
By increasing cooperative research and 
management efforts between scientists and fishermen; 
By making the operations of the Regional 
Fishery Management Councils more trans-parent and open to public participation; 
By allowing the Councils to select individ-
uals who have expertise on subsistence fish-ing practices, so we incorporate the interests and expertise of Alaska Natives, Pacific Is-landers, and Indian Tribes; and 
By recognizing the subsistence fishing may 
encompass more than personal consumption, but also includes some small-scale, low tech-nology, commercial fishing. 
And our amendment makes these improve-
ments in Magnuson-Stevens without under-mining core policies that have made the Act so effective. 
Magnuson-Stevens is passed due for reau-
thorization. But let us do so in a way that does not jeopardize the progress we have made, so we can keep building more sustainable and more profitable fisheries for today and for our nation’s future. 
I ask my colleagues to support the Huffman- 
Sablan amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ). 
The amendment was rejected. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. L
OBIONDO ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Acting Chair 
of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 1335) to amend the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Con-servation and Management Act to pro-vide flexibility for fishery managers and stability for fishermen, and for other purposes, had come to no resolu-tion thereon. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
DUNCAN of Tennessee). Pursuant to 
clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will post-pone further proceedings today on mo-tions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
f 
CONVEYANCE OF CERTAIN FED-
ERAL PROPERTY TO MUNICI-PALITY OF ANCHORAGE, ALASKA 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 336) to direct the Adminis-trator of General Services, on behalf of the Archivist of the United States, to convey certain Federal property lo-cated in the State of Alaska to the Mu-nicipality of Anchorage, Alaska. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 336 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. REAL PROPERTY CONVEYANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—As soon as practicable 
after the date of enactment of this Act and after completion of the survey and appraisal described in this section, the Administrator of General Services, on behalf of the Archi-vist of the United States, shall convey to the City by quitclaim deed for the consideration described in subsection (c), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real property described in sub-section (b). 
(b) L
EGAL DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The parcel to be conveyed 
under subsection (a) consists of approxi-mately 9 acres and improvements located at 400 East Fortieth Avenue in the City that is administered by the National Archives and Records Administration. 
(2) S
URVEY REQUIRED .—As soon as prac-
ticable after the date of enactment of this Act, the exact acreage and legal description of the real property to be conveyed under subsection (a) shall be determined by a sur-vey, paid for by the City, that is satisfactory to the Archivist. 
(c) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .— 
(1) C ONSIDERATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—As consideration for the 
conveyance of the property under subsection (a), the City shall pay to the Archivist an amount not less than the fair market value of the conveyed property, to be determined as provided in subparagraph (B). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.050 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3618 June 1, 2015 
(B) A PPRAISAL .—The fair market value of 
the property to be conveyed under sub-section (a) shall be determined based on an appraisal that— 
(i) is conducted by a licensed, independent 
appraiser that is approved by the Archivist and the City; 
(ii) is based on the highest and best use of 
the property; 
(iii) is approved by the Archivist; and (iv) is paid for by the City. (2) P
RECONVEYANCE ENTRY .—The Archivist, 
on terms and conditions the Archivist deter-mines to be appropriate, may authorize the City to enter the property at no charge for preconstruction and construction activities. 
(3) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .— 
The Archivist may require additional terms and conditions in connection with the con-veyance under subsection (a) as the Archi-vist considers appropriate to protect the in-terests of the United States. 
(d) C
ITY DEFINED .—In this section, the 
term ‘‘City’’ means the Municipality of An-chorage, Alaska. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) and the gentleman 
from Washington (Mr. L ARSEN ) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Alaska. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on H.R. 336. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Alaska? 
There was no objection. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 336 would direct 
the General Services Administration on behalf of the National Archives to convey property in Alaska to the city of Anchorage. 
I am pleased to be the sponsor of this 
legislation, which will bring savings to the taxpayer. The National Archives has determined that it no longer needs the property to be conveyed in the bill and wants to sell it as part of its ef-forts to shrink its space footprint and reduce costs to the taxpayer. 
The bill will require fair market 
value for the property based on an independent appraisal. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
passage of this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 
336 which directs the General Services Administration, the GSA, on behalf of the Archivist of the U.S., to convey 9 acres of property in Anchorage, Alas-ka, to the local municipality in ex-change for its fair market value. 
The Archivist and GSA has reported 
this property as underutilized and that there is no need to keep this property in the Federal real estate inventory. This sale is consistent with the policy supported by the Committee on Trans-
portation and Infrastructure, which has directed GSA to help other Federal agencies identify and dispose of unneeded property. 
As a result, I encourage my col-
leagues to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 336. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
NATIONAL ESTUARY PROGRAM 
REAUTHORIZATION 
Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 944) to reauthorize the National Estuary Program, and for other pur-poses. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 944 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. COMPETITIVE AWARDS. 
Section 320(g) of the Federal Water Pollu-
tion Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1330(g)) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(4) C
OMPETITIVE AWARDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Using the amounts 
made available under subsection (i)(2)(B), the Administrator shall make competitive awards under this paragraph. 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION FOR AWARDS .—The Ad-
ministrator shall solicit applications for awards under this paragraph from State, interstate, and regional water pollution con-trol agencies and entities, State coastal zone management agencies, interstate agencies, other public or nonprofit private agencies, institutions, organizations, and individuals. 
‘‘(C) S
ELECTION OF RECIPIENTS .—In select-
ing award recipients under this paragraph, the Administrator shall select recipients that are best able to address urgent and challenging issues that threaten the ecologi-cal and economic well-being of coastal areas. Such issues shall include— 
‘‘(i) extensive seagrass habitat losses re-
sulting in significant impacts on fisheries and water quality; 
‘‘(ii) recurring harmful algae blooms; ‘‘(iii) unusual marine mammal mortalities; ‘‘(iv) invasive exotic species that may 
threaten wastewater systems and cause other damage; 
‘‘(v) jellyfish proliferation limiting com-
munity access to water during peak tourism seasons; 
‘‘(vi) flooding that may be related to sea 
level rise or wetland degradation or loss; and 
‘‘(vii) low dissolved oxygen conditions in 
estuarine waters and related nutrient man-agement.’’. 
SEC. 2. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 320 of the Federal Water Pollution 
Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1330) is amended by striking subsection (i) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(i) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be 
appropriated to the Administrator $27,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 for— ‘‘(A) expenses relating to the administra-
tion of grants or awards by the Adminis-trator under this section, including the award and oversight of grants and awards, except that such expenses may not exceed 5 percent of the amount appropriated under this subsection for a fiscal year; and 
‘‘(B) making grants and awards under sub-
section (g). 
‘‘(2) A
LLOCATIONS .— 
‘‘(A) C ONSERVATION AND MANAGEMENT  
PLANS .—Not less than 80 percent of the 
amount made available under this sub-section for a fiscal year shall be used by the Administrator for the development, imple-mentation, and monitoring of each of the conservation and management plans eligible for grant assistance under subsection (g)(2). 
‘‘(B) C
OMPETITIVE AWARDS .—Not less than 
15 percent of the amount made available under this subsection for a fiscal year shall be used by the Administrator for making competitive awards described in subsection (g)(4).’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS) and the gentleman 
from Washington (Mr. L ARSEN ) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Ohio. 
Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
H.R. 944, introduced by my colleague, 
Representative L OBIONDO , reauthorizes 
the National Estuary Program found in section 320 of the Clean Water Act. Es-tuaries are unique and highly produc-tive waters that are important to the ecological and economic basis of our Nation. 
Congress first authorized the Na-
tional Estuary Program in 1987, amend-ments to the Clean Water Act to pro-mote the protection of the national significant estuaries in the United States that are deemed to be threat-ened by pollution, development, or overuse. 
Unlike many of the programs under 
the Clean Water Act, the National Es-tuary Program is a nonregulatory pro-gram. Instead, it is designed to support collaborative, voluntary efforts of Fed-eral, State, and local stakeholders to restore degraded estuaries. 
Using consensus building in a col-
laborative decisionmaking process in-stead of a top-down regulatory ap-proach, the National Estuary Program has been effective at promoting locally based involvement. In addition, it leverages non-Federal money for res-toration activities by providing fund-ing for the program. 
In reauthorization of the National 
Estuary Program, H.R. 944 makes pru-dent fiscal adjustments. The bill reau-thorizes section 320 of the Clean Water Act through 2018 in the amount of $27 million a year. This amount is con-sistent with appropriations over the past 5 years, and, in recognition of the fiscal realities of today, decreases the authorized level of funding by $8 mil-lion a year. 
H.R. 944 also directs more funds to 
where they need to be in the individual estuaries in the program. The bill achieves this by reducing the amount 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN7.025 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3619 June 1, 2015 
of discretionary funds made available 
to the EPA. 
Finally, the bill allocates a portion 
of eligible program funds for competi-tive awards to Federal, State, and local stakeholders to address certain high priority estuary needs, including algae blooms, hypoxia, flooding, and invasive species. This is identical to a bill that passed the House by voice vote in the last Congress. 
I urge all Members to support H.R. 
944, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
944. 
I am pleased the House is considering 
H.R. 944, a bill that I introduced along with Congressman L
OBIONDO and Con-
gressman M URPHY to reauthorize the 
National Estuary Program through 2020. 
I want to thank my colleagues for 
their hard work in pulling this legisla-tion together. 
Estuaries are critically important to 
the health of our Nation’s environment and our economy. Their waters are a unique mixture of freshwater, drainage from the land, and salty seawater. Es-tuaries provide vital nesting and feed-ing areas for many aquatic plants and animals. They also help maintain healthy ocean environments by fil-tering out sediment and pollutants from rivers and streams before they flow into the ocean. 
In addition to improving habitat for 
critical wildlife like salmon, restoring estuaries can have important carbon sequestration effects. 
For example, a report last year on 
the Snohomish Estuary in my district found that currently planned and in- progress restoration projects will re-sult in at least 2.55 million tons of CO
2 
sequestered from the atmosphere over the next 100 years. That is the equiva-lent of a year’s worth of emissions from a half a million automobiles. 
Over half of the U.S. population lives 
in coastal areas, including along the shores of estuaries. These areas pro-vided 69 million jobs and contributed $7.9 trillion to the economy recently. These gains come from commercial and recreational fishing, as well as tourism and other forms of regulation recre-ation. By one estimate, restoring our estuary areas could create more than 30 jobs for every $1 million invested. 
In the Pacific Northwest and across 
the country, healthy estuaries like the Puget Sound support fish, birds, and other wildlife, and sustain important economic and recreational activities like trade, fishing, tourism, and many other forms of outdoor recreation. 
Estuaries in the Pacific Northwest 
also serve as habitat and spawning areas for salmon, another critical driv-er for our regional economy. 
Unfortunately, human activities 
have led to a decline in the health of estuaries, threatening them in many coastal parts of the country. Popu-
lation growth in areas abutting estu-aries have led to an increase in storm water runoff and sewage discharges, ul-timately polluting the waters with tox-ins. 
Fortunately, the National Estuary 
Program, which would be authorized by H.R. 944, is an important part of rem-edying these problems facing our Na-tion’s estuaries. Since 1987, the pro-gram has operated successfully at the EPA in partnership with other State and local entities and has fostered in-novative solutions to local water qual-ity programs. 
Funding from the program helps cre-
ate solutions to nurture estuaries back to health, like the comprehensive plan we have for the Puget Sound recovery. 
This bipartisan legislation that we 
have today will ensure that local orga-nizations across the country, in part-nership with the EPA, can protect and restore estuaries for the benefit of fu-ture generations. 
I support this legislation, and I urge 
my colleagues to support it as well. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker I yield such 
time as he may consume to the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
OBI-
ONDO ). 
Mr. L OBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, first, I 
would like to thank Chairman G IBBS 
and Chairman S HUSTER and Ranking 
Members DeFazio and Napolitano for helping bring H.R. 944, the National Es-tuary Program Reauthorization, to the floor. 
I would also like to thank my col-
leagues Mr. P
OSEY and Mr. M URPHY of 
Florida, and especially Mr. L ARSEN , 
who has been great to work with on a number of issues. 
This version of the National Estuary 
Program Reauthorization is fiscally re-sponsible by reducing the authoriza-tion levels by $8 million while ulti-mately increasing the amount of money each estuary program will re-ceive. It is a very commonsense ap-proach that helps get the job done. 
This reauthorization will detail just 
how the EPA is to spend the authorized and appropriated money. 
Unlike many of the programs under 
the Clean Water Act, the National Es-tuary Program is a nonregulatory pro-gram. That was mentioned before, but I think it bears repeating: it is a non-regulatory program. 
Instead, it is designed to support col-
laborative, voluntary efforts of Fed-eral, State, and local stakeholders to restore degraded estuaries. I think this is exactly the approach that will get results, and an approach that will en-courage people to be working together for something that really can actually see a very positive result with our es-tuaries. 
Unfortunately, the National Estuary 
Program has been losing money due to EPA administrative costs. By setting limits of 5 percent for administrative costs for the EPA, we can guarantee 80 percent of the funding goes to the end 
user, the NEP, and not bureaucratic salaries and red tape. 
b1800 
In this year’s reauthorization, we 
have set aside 15 percent of the funding for a competitive award program. This program will seek applications meant to deal with urgent and challenging issues that threaten the ecological and economic well-being of coastal areas. 
By structuring how the money is 
spent and lowering authorization lev-els, this legislation strikes the right balance of fiscal and environmental re-sponsibility. 
I urge all Members to support H.R. 
944. 
Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. 
Speaker, we have no further speakers, so I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 944. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I urge sup-
port for H.R. 944, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 944. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 1 
minute p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1830 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
ILLER of Florida) at 6 
o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
STRENGTHENING FISHING COMMU-
NITIES AND INCREASING FLEXI-BILITY IN FISHERIES MANAGE-MENT ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 274 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 1335. 
Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. 
R
ODNEY DAVIS) kindly take the chair. 
b1831 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.054 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3620 June 1, 2015 
1335) to amend the Magnuson-Stevens 
Fishery Conservation and Management Act to provide flexibility for fishery managers and stability for fishermen, and for other purposes, with Mr. R
OD-
NEYDAVIS of Illinois (Acting Chair) in 
the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, amendment No. 8 printed in House Re-port 114–128 offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ) had 
been disposed of. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–128 on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: 
Amendment No. 1 by Mrs. D
INGELL of 
Michigan. 
Amendment No. 4 by Mr. L OWENTHAL  
of California. 
The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes 
the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MRS . DINGELL  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment printed in House Report 114–128 offered by the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D
IN-
GELL ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 155, noes 223, not voting 54, as follows: 
[Roll No. 264] 
AYES—155 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa 
Courtney Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) 
Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Matsui McCollum McDermott 
McGovern McNerney Meeks Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) 
Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier 
Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NOES—223 
Abraham 
Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graves (GA) 
Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna 
Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nunes 
Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Peterson 
Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wittman 
Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—54 
Aderholt 
Becerra Bishop (GA) Castor (FL) Clyburn Crawford Crowley Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duffy Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Gowdy Granger Green, Al 
Green, Gene Gutie´rrez 
Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Jackson Lee Jolly Kaptur Kind Lewis Lipinski Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Meng Moore Napolitano Noem 
Nolan Nugent Paulsen Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Richmond Roe (TN) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Shimkus Takai Thompson (MS) Waters, Maxine Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Yoder 
b1902 
Messrs. LATTA, M CKINLEY, 
PEARCE, and DIAZ-BALART changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chair, on Monday, 
June 1st, 2015, I was absent during rollcall vote No. 264. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on the Dingell Amendment to H.R. 1335—Strengthening Fishing Commu-nities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act. 
(By unanimous consent, Mr. W
ITTMAN  
was allowed to speak out of order.) 
SPORTSMEN ’S TROPHY PRESENTATION  
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, re-
cently, the Congressional Sportsmen’s Caucus held its annual Member shoot- out, where Members get together from the Republican and Democrat sides and shoot a round of sporting clays, skeets, and trap. It is a friendly day where we get together and have some great com-petition. It is in the interest of the shooting sports and of our outdoor ef-forts there. And it was a great privilege to be there with the other Members. 
We had a record turnout this year of 
Members from both sides of the aisle. We are blessed that Team Republican will retain the shoot-out trophy this year but by a narrow margin, with a winning score of 235–227. 
It is a real honor for me to serve as 
the co-chair of the Congressional Sportsmen’s Foundation. I have Con-gressman J
EFFDUNCAN of South Caro-
lina here, who is our co-vice chairman; and we also have Congressman T
IM 
WALZ, who is our other co-chairman. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield to 
the gentleman from the great State of Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ), the co-chair of 
our caucus. 
Mr. WALZ. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
my friend, the gentleman from Vir-ginia for yielding. 
Congratulations to the gentleman 
and his team and to everyone who par-ticipated. 
Congratulations to Mr. D
UNCAN of 
South Carolina, who was the Repub-lican top gun, and to M
IKETHOMPSON  
of California, who was the overall top gun. Congratulations to them. 
As the gentleman said, this is the 
largest bipartisan caucus in the Con-gress. The Congressional Sportsmen’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.057 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3621 June 1, 2015 
Foundation—the folks who are out 
there protecting our hunting, fishing, and outdoor heritage—thank you to all of them and to all the sponsors who made this possible. 
It is great day for a great cause, and 
it shows that there are many things that bind us together. 
So I congratulate the gentlemen, and 
we look forward to a friendly competi-tion again next year. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . LOWENTHAL  
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, 2-minute voting will continue. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment printed in House Report 114–128 offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 149, noes 227, not voting 56, as follows: 
[Roll No. 265] 
AYES—149 
Adams 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty 
Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks 
Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff 
Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky 
Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Welch 
Yarmuth 
NOES—227 
Abraham 
Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie 
Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perlmutter Perry 
Peterson Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—56 
Aderholt Becerra Bishop (GA) Castor (FL) Clyburn Crawford Crowley Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Delaney Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duffy Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fincher 
Fitzpatrick Gowdy Granger Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez 
Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) Jolly Kaptur Kind Lewis Lipinski Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Meng Moore Napolitano Noem Nolan Nugent Paulsen Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Richmond 
Roe (TN) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Shimkus 
Takai Thompson (MS) Waters, Maxine Wilson (FL) 
Wilson (SC) Yoder 
b1912 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chair, on Monday, 
June 1st, 2015, I was absent during rollcall vote No. 265. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on the Lowenthal Amend-ment to H.R. 1335—Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fish-eries Management Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, 
the Committee rises. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. F
LEISCHMANN ) having assumed the 
chair, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, 
Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1335) to amend the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to provide flexibility for fishery managers and stability for fishermen, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 274, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the previous question is or-dered. 
Is a separate vote demanded on any 
amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? 
If not, the question is on the amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
b1915 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, I have a 
motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois). Is the gen-
tleman opposed to the bill? 
Mr. PETERS. I am opposed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Peters moves to recommit the bill H.R. 
1335 to the Committee on Natural Resources with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: 
Add at the end the following: 
SEC. ll. PROTECTING FISHING COMMUNITIES 
FROM TOXIC POLLUTION. 
In the aftermath of an oil or hazardous ma-
terials spill none of the amendments to fish-ery conservation requirements made by sec-tions 4, 5, 7, 10, 13, and 15 of this Act shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.059 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3622 June 1, 2015 
apply to any fishery impacted by such spill 
until— 
(1) the relevant Regional Fishery Manage-
ment Council has fully assessed the impacts of the spill to stocks of fish, fishing commu-nities, and the marine environment; 
(2) the polluter has paid for any cleanup or 
removal of pollution related to the spill in the marine environment that impacts a fish-ery, restored such fisheries to limit the long- term impact on stocks of fish, and provided compensation for the economic and job loss to the United States fishing industry and communities; and 
(3) the polluter has paid for testing of fish 
to ensure that consumers are protected from toxins that have entered the food chain, and for testing of water quality to help fisher-men avoid areas of pollution and find the safest areas to fish. 
Mr. PETERS (during the reading). 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, this is 
the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will proceed immediately to final passage, as amended. 
Mr. Speaker, preserving our beaches 
and bays and our coastal communities for future generations has to be a bi-partisan endeavor. Congress passed landmark fisheries legislation in 1976 and reauthorized it in 1996 and 2006 with broad support from both parties. 
Unfortunately, today’s bill is a par-
tisan one that will undermine our four- decade history of responsible and suc-cessful fisheries management. It cre-ates loopholes and lessens trans-parency and accountability, which can only harm our coastal communities. 
My amendment today is simple: give 
communities and regional experts at fishery management councils input, and increase the ability of local agen-cies to hold polluters more accountable after a spill. 
Just a few weeks ago, on the Cali-
fornia coast north of Santa Barbara, a pipeline ruptured beneath a coastal cliff, spilling 105,000 gallons of crude oil onto the beach and tidelands and into the Pacific Ocean. Despite rapid clean-up efforts from environmental officials and volunteers from across the State, the leak killed abundant marine life, including lobsters, seals, kelp bass, and local fish populations. It also forced the closure of local State beaches dur-ing the Memorial Day weekend, depriv-ing local businesses of revenue from 
visitors coming to enjoy the scenic California coast. 
Now, the short-term harm has been 
evident, but the long-term damage to the marine life, coastal ecosystems, and biodiversity, including fisheries and food stocks that are part of the re-gion’s economy, that damage won’t be known for some time. 
What is clear is that coastal commu-
nities deal with the harm from a spill long after the initial cleanup ends, and 
they deserve greater oversight over those who caused the damage. 
My amendment addresses this issue 
in three ways: first, it directs the re-gional fishery management council to conduct a full environmental assess-ment of the spill; second, it requires the responsible party to pay for any pollution cleanup and restoration of the harmed fishers, and to provide compensation for economic and job losses due to the spill; and third, it pro-tects public safety and food quality by requiring that polluters pay for testing of toxins in fish and in local waters to help fishermen determine the safest areas for fishing. 
These provisions are necessary be-
cause, as we have seen from past clean-ups, the long-term direct and indirect environmental damage is not always immediately apparent, particularly on fish and wildlife populations and ma-rine biodiversity. This is our experi-ence. 
For example, despite massive cleanup 
efforts following the infamous Exxon Valdez oil spill in 1989, a 2007 study conducted by NOAA found that 26,000 gallons of oil from the Exxon Valdez were still trapped in the sand along the shoreline of Alaska. Those thousands of gallons of oil that remain decades later continue to damage fragile ma-rine ecosystems and wildlife habitat and breeding grounds. 
That 1989 spill caused more than $300 
million in economic harm to more than 32,000 Alaskans whose livelihoods de-pended on commercial fishing in that region. And in Santa Barbara, where last month’s spill occurred, tourism, both on- and offshore, are central to the regional economy and will un-doubtedly be harmed by this pollution. 
Mr. Speaker, I represent San Diego, 
California, where the marine industry, the maritime industry, and our large natural harbor are key to the region’s tourism economy which supports 158,000 local jobs and $18.3 billion in economic impact. A spill like this could devastate our local economy and irreparably harm our delicate eco-system. 
It is imperative that Congress hold 
responsible parties accountable in the case of a destructive oil spill. We should all agree that supporting coast-al communities and the businesses that depend on rivers, bays, lakes, beaches, and oceans deserve support and shouldn’t be forced to pay for the mis-takes of polluters. 
Join me in supporting our local 
economies, protecting our coastal envi-ronments, ensuring public safety for consumers, and setting a higher stand-ard for accountability. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
vote for this motion to recommit, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise in opposition to the motion to re-commit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, on 
the policy level, this stuff is already covered in the Oil Pollution Act, the Superfund covers it, and if you are really serious about doing this, lines 8 and 9 would be changed to ‘‘NOAA,’’ as they are in the current statute. They have the expertise and the money to actually accomplish it. 
But, Mr. Speaker, if I could say to all 
of you, with apologies to those who have been sending emails and dear col-leagues around here, this amendment, you should simply throw it back. It is not a keeper. This is simply a fish story that is based on a big whopper. This amendment would actually take the bill, and it would gut it, clean it, and filet it. So, please, do not fall for this hook, line, and sinker. 
I am not fishing for compliments 
here. But we have been floundering to find a solution for a long time, and that is why the underlying bill has a boatload of support for it. 
I realize this is as good as it gets. I 
am okay, but those involved in the fishing community recognize that the status quo is not working as it was in-tended to work and needs to be fixed in some particular way. That is why, on the underlying bill, the commercial in-dustry, the fishing industry, and the recreationists already are in support and have publicly said that. That is the first time all three groups have actu-ally gotten together on this particular bill. 
They realize there needs to be change 
in the status quo. They realize there needs to be transparency, which the underlying bill gives and is not there in the status quo. They realize that the science that has been used under the status quo is crappy and that this man-dates multiple sources, better sources being used to make these final deci-sions. 
So, just for the halibut—and I had 
one for ‘‘bass,’’ but I have already censored it myself—vote ‘‘no’’ on the amendment and support the underlying bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5- minute vote on the motion to recom-mit will be followed by a 5-minute vote on passage of the bill, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 155, nays 233, not voting 54, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN7.029 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3623 June 1, 2015 
[Roll No. 266] 
YEAS—155 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah 
Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Norcross 
O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NAYS—223 
Abraham Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer 
Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler 
Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie 
McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed 
Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart 
Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton 
Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—54 
Aderholt 
Becerra Bishop (GA) Castor (FL) Clyburn Crawford Crowley Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Delaney Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duffy Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Gowdy Granger 
Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez 
Hinojosa Jackson Lee Jolly Kaptur Kind Lewis Lipinski Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Meng Moore Napolitano Noem 
Nolan Nugent Paulsen Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Richmond Roe (TN) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Shimkus Takai Thompson (MS) Waters, Maxine Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Yoder 
b1931 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, on Mon-
day, June 1st, 2015, I was absent during roll-call vote No. 266. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on the Democratic Motion to Recommit H.R. 1335—Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fish-eries Management Act. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 264, 
265, 266, I was unavoidably detained by American Airlines on the tarmac at Ronald Reagan National Airport in Washington, D.C. Had I been present, I would have voted ’’nay’’ on all three rollcall votes. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 225, noes 152, not voting 55, as follows: [Roll No. 267] 
AYES—225 
Abraham 
Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper 
Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry 
Peterson Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wittman Womack Woodall 
Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—152 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny 
DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN7.028 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3624 June 1, 2015 
Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Grijalva Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted 
Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. Sarbanes 
Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—55 
Aderholt Becerra Bishop (GA) Castor (FL) Clyburn Crawford Crowley Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Delaney Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duffy Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Gowdy Granger Green, Al 
Green, Gene Gutie´rrez 
Hinojosa Jackson Lee Jolly Kaptur Kind Lewis Lipinski Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Meng Moore Napolitano Noem Nolan Nugent 
Paulsen Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Rangel Richmond Roe (TN) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Shimkus Takai Thompson (MS) Waters, Maxine Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Yoder 
b1941 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 267, 
I was unavoidably detained due to weather. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
267 on passage of the Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fish-eries Management Act (H.R. 1335), I am not recorded because of prior commitments in my Congressional District. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
Stated against: Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, on Mon-
day, June 1st, 2015, I was absent during roll-call vote No. 267. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on the final passage of H.R. 1335—Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Manage-ment Act. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
today I missed the following votes: Dingell Amendment. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this bill; Lowenthal Amend-ment. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this bill; Democratic Motion to Re-commit H.R. 1335. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this bill; Final Pas-
sage of H.R. 1335. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on this bill. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE CLERK TO 
MAKE CORRECTIONS IN EN-GROSSMENT OF H.R. 1335, STRENGTHENING FISHING COM-MUNITIES AND INCREASING FLEXIBILITY IN FISHERIES MAN-AGEMENT ACT 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Clerk be authorized to make technical cor-rections in the engrossment of H.R. 1335, to correct section numbers, punc-tuation, and cross-references, and to make such other technical and con-forming changes as may be necessary to accurately reflect the actions of the House, including in section 15 (page 35, beginning on line 10), striking ‘‘The Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conserva-tion and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘The Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2577, TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOP-MENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2578, COMMERCE, JUS-TICE, SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
Mr. SESSIONS, from the Committee 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–135) on the resolution (H. Res. 287) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2577) making appropria-tions for the Departments of Transpor-tation, and Housing and Urban Devel-opment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2578) making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, which was re-ferred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF EMAN-
CIPATION HALL IN THE CAPITOL VISITOR CENTER FOR A CERE-MONY TO COMMEMORATE THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE VIETNAM WAR 
Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on House Administration be dis-charged from further consideration of House Concurrent Resolution 48, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the con-
current resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. 
S
TEFANIK ). Is there objection to the re-
quest of the gentleman from Mis-sissippi? 
There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution 
is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 48 
Resolved by the House of Representatives (the 
Senate concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL FOR 
CEREMONY TO COMMEMORATE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE VIETNAM WAR. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—Emancipation Hall in 
the Capitol Visitor Center is authorized to be used on July 8, 2015, for a ceremony to com-memorate the 50th anniversary of the Viet-nam War. 
(b) P
REPARATIONS .—Physical preparations 
for the conduct of the ceremony described in subsection (a) shall be carried out in accord-ance with such conditions as may be pre-scribed by the Architect of the Capitol. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed 
to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
b1945 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2036 
Mr. POSEY. Madam Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that Congressman B
ROOKS from Alabama be removed as a 
cosponsor of H.R. 2036. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
f 
GIRLS COUNT ACT OF 2015 
Mr. CHABOT. Madam Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 802) to authorize the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development to provide assistance to support the rights of women and girls in developing countries, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 802 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Girls Count 
Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN7.036 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3625 June 1, 2015 
(1) According to the United States Census 
Bureau’s 2013 international figures, 1 person in 12, or close to 900,000,000 people, is a girl or young woman age 10 through 24. 
(2) The Census Bureau’s data also illus-
trates that young people are the fastest growing segment of the population in devel-oping countries. 
(3) Even though most countries do have 
birth registration laws, four out of ten ba-bies born in 2012 were not registered world-wide. Moreover, an estimated 36 percent of children under the age of five worldwide (about 230,000,000 children) do not possess a birth certificate. 
(4) A nationally recognized proof of birth 
system is important to determining a child’s citizenship, nationality, place of birth, par-entage, and age. Without such a system, a passport, driver’s license, or other identifica-tion card is difficult to obtain. The lack of such documentation can prevent girls and women from officially participating in and benefitting from the formal economic, legal, and political sectors in their countries. 
(5) The lack of birth registration among 
girls worldwide is particularly concerning as it can exacerbate the disproportionate vul-nerability of women to trafficking, child marriage, and lack of access to health and education services. 
(6) A lack of birth registration among 
women and girls can also aggravate what, in many places, amounts to an already reduced ability to seek employment, participate in civil society, or purchase or inherit land and other assets. 
(7) Girls undertake much of the domestic 
labor needed for poor families to survive: carrying water, harvesting crops, tending livestock, caring for younger children, and doing chores. 
(8) Accurate assessments of access to edu-
cation, poverty levels, and overall census ac-tivities are hampered by the lack of official information on women and girls. Without this rudimentary information, assessments of foreign assistance and domestic social welfare programs are difficult to gauge. 
(9) To help ensure that women and girls are 
considered in United States foreign assist-ance policies and programs, that their needs are addressed in the design, implementation, and evaluation of foreign assistance pro-grams, and that women and girls have the opportunity to succeed, it is important that girls be counted and have access to birth cer-tificates and other official documentation. 
SEC. 3. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It is the policy of the United States to— (1) encourage countries to support the rule 
of law and ensure girls and boys of all ages are able to fully participate in society, in-cluding by providing birth certifications and other official documentation; 
(2) enhance training and capacity-building 
in key developing countries, local non-governmental organizations, and other civil society organizations, including faith-based organizations and organizations representing children and families in the design, imple-mentation, and monitoring of programs under this Act, to effectively address the needs of birth registries in countries where girls are systematically undercounted; and 
(3) incorporate into the design, implemen-
tation, and evaluation of policies and pro-grams measures to evaluate the impact that such policies and programs have on girls. 
SEC. 4. UNITED STATES ASSISTANCE TO SUP-
PORT COUNTING OF GIRLS IN THE DEVELOPING WORLD. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary and the 
Administrator are authorized to prioritize and advance ongoing efforts to— 
(1) support programs that will contribute 
to improved and sustainable Civil Registra-tion and Vital Statistics Systems (CRVS) 
with a focus on birth registration; 
(2) support programs that build the capac-
ity of developing countries’ national and local legal and policy frameworks to prevent discrimination against girls in gaining ac-cess to birth certificates, particularly where this may help prevent exploitation, violence, and other abuse; and 
(3) support programs and key ministries, 
including, interior, youth, and education ministries, to help increase property rights, social security, home ownership, land tenure security, inheritance rights, access to edu-cation, and economic and entrepreneurial opportunities, particularly for women and girls. 
(b) C
OORDINATION WITHMULTILATERAL OR-
GANIZATIONS .—The Secretary and the Admin-
istrator are authorized to coordinate with the World Bank, relevant United Nations agencies and programs, and other relevant organizations to encourage and work with countries to enact, implement, and enforce laws that specifically collect data on girls and establish registration programs to en-sure girls are appropriately counted and have the opportunity to be active partici-pants in the social, legal, and political sec-tors of society in their countries. 
(c) C
OORDINATION WITH PRIVATE SECTOR  
ANDCIVILSOCIETY ORGANIZATIONS .—The Sec-
retary and the Administrator are authorized to work with the United States, inter-national, and local private sector and civil society organizations to advocate for the registration and documentation of all girls and boys in developing countries, in order to help prevent exploitation, violence, and other abuses and to help provide economic and social opportunities. 
SEC. 5. REPORT. 
The Secretary and the Administrator shall 
include in relevant evaluations and reports to Congress the following information: 
(1) To the extent practicable, a breakdown 
of United States foreign assistance bene-ficiaries by age, gender, marital status, loca-tion, and school enrollment status. 
(2) A description, as appropriate, of how 
United States foreign assistance benefits girls. 
(3) Specific information, as appropriate, on 
programs that address the particular needs of girls. 
SEC. 6. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-
trator’’ means the Administrator of the United States Agency for International De-velopment. 
(2) F
OREIGN ASSISTANCE .—The term ‘‘for-
eign assistance’’ has the meaning given the term in section 634(b) of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2394(b)). 
(3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of State. 
SEC. 7. SUNSET. 
This Act shall expire on the date that is 
five years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) and the gentleman 
from New York (Mr. E NGEL ) each will 
control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHABOT. Madam Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHABOT. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I rise today in support of S. 802, the 
Girls Count Act of 2015. It is identical to H.R. 2100, the House version of the bill, which my staff has worked on for 3 years now. 
I want to thank Senator M
ARCO  
RUBIO and his staff for moving this bill 
through the Senate so we can soon get this important piece of legislation to the President’s desk. 
Madam Speaker, the Girls Count Act 
of 2015 is an important measure be-cause what many people don’t realize is that approximately 51 million children around the world are not registered at their births. That is one-third of all children under the age of 5 worldwide. 
What does this mean? It means that 
these children lack a birth certificate, preventing them, oftentimes, from hav-ing access to fundamental rights which we here in the United States take for granted. It means they have no proof of their ages, parentage, or even of their citizenship. They are essentially non-people, oftentimes, in the eyes of the law. 
For girls in particular, the lack of a 
birth registration certificate increases their vulnerability to trafficking and exploitation. These girls grow up fac-ing high barriers to work, education, and political participation. Tragically, too often, these girls are treated in their own countries as if they really don’t exist, as if they really don’t count at all. 
All of this is happening in places 
where we need women and girls to ac-tively shape their countries’ futures because, indeed, women serve as the backbone of stable, healthy societies all around the world. They are bread-winners and caregivers and peace-
makers and the educators of the next generation. 
For these reasons, I introduced and 
authored the Girls Count Act to direct the Department of State and the U.S. Agency for International Development to support efforts aimed at improving birth registry-birth certificate pro-grams in developing countries and oth-ers. 
This step, which actually seems quite 
simple, will ensure that every child gets access to voting rights, land ten-ure rights, health services, and an edu-cation. Critically, Girls Count author-izes the State Department and USAID to support programs to protect girls’ legal rights, particularly economic and property rights, and to build legal and policy frameworks to prevent discrimi-nation against women and girls. 
Your support of the Girls Count Act 
of 2015—those who have supported this legislation—will not only help to pre-vent human and sex trafficking in de-veloping countries by aiding in identi-fying displaced persons and inter-national adoption cases, but it will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN7.047 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3626 June 1, 2015 
give girls and women around the world 
access to the fundamental rights that they so rightly deserve. 
I want to thank Congresswoman 
M
CCOLLUM and Congressmen S MITH and 
SHERMAN for their support in intro-
ducing this legislation in the House, as well as to thank the 44 other bipartisan Members—this is a Republican and a Democratic bill—who have given their support. 
I also want to thank my colleagues 
in the Senate, especially Senator M
ARCO RUBIO, for backing this legisla-
tion. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in strong support of S. 802, the 
Girls Count Act of 2015. 
I want to thank Representatives 
C
HABOT and M CCOLLUM for introducing 
the House companion to this bill. 
Madam Speaker, around the world, 
over a third of children under the age of 5 have no registration of their births. Most of these children are girls. 
I remember my grandmother—my 
mother’s mother—who came to this country before World War I from East-ern Europe. She didn’t have a certifi-cate and didn’t really know for sure what year she was born or what time she was born. 
She knew it was December—she 
thought it was December—but she didn’t have it, I remember. Here we are now, many, many years later, and we have the same problem in many areas around the world. 
Not existing on paper can shatter a 
person’s life. With official documenta-tion comes certain protections, and without those protections a person be-comes an easy target for child labor, human trafficking, and child marriage. Down the line, many of these children will be unable to inherit land or money, to start a business, or even to open a bank account. 
This sort of marginalization often 
hits women the hardest. Unregistered women are more likely to be confined to their homes and to be invisible to the outside world. They enjoy only lim-ited choices and opportunities, and their marginalization drags down the prosperity of their communities. 
Birth registration has most recently 
become an acute problem in Syria. The ongoing civil war has caused countless internally displaced and refugee chil-dren to go unregistered. As a result, these children face a high risk of enter-ing into early or illegal marriages, of being sex trafficked, of being forced into child labor, or of being recruited by terrorist groups. 
S. 802 will ramp up efforts to get 
more children registered around the world. It authorizes the State Depart-ment and USAID to work with local governments to ensure equal access to registration programs. It uses existing funding to more effectively address this increasingly serious problem. 
This bill would complement the work 
of organizations around the world en-gaged in the important work of pro-
tecting vulnerable children, and it would put pressure on other govern-ments to act. 
While improving birth registration 
systems helps the most vulnerable pop-ulations, it has positive ripple effects across a society. Governments with better records can provide better serv-ices, tailor more effective policies, and bring more people into full participa-tion in their economies. This basic practice can help make entire coun-tries stronger. 
Getting children registered at birth 
helps get them off to a good start, and this bill will help make that happen. Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Madam Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ENGEL. Madam Speaker, it is 
now my great pleasure to yield 2 min-utes to the gentlewoman from Min-nesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ), one of the co-
authors of this bill and someone who has worked endlessly to make sure this bill passes. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Madam Speaker, 
today, I rise to support the Girls Count Act. 
I want to thank Mr. C
HABOT and his 
staff for working alongside my office on this important bill. I want to thank Mr. R
OYCE and, of course, Mr. E NGEL  
for their support in moving this bill forward. 
Madam Speaker, we can all agree 
that every child deserves to have his birth, name, and identity recognized by his government. Every child deserves access to an education and to health 
services. Without a recognized iden-tity, that is just not possible. Unfortu-nately, UNICEF estimates that 230 mil-lion children under the age of 5—and that is mostly girls—do not have birth certificates. 
Without this piece of paper, they are 
effectively invisible to their govern-ments, invisible to the world. These in-visible girls are likely not to be able to attend school or to access the needed health services. It would be difficult, if not impossible, for a girl to inherit, to vote, or to simply be a full and active member of her community. 
This girl would be at high risk of 
being confined to her home, of being forced into early marriage, or of being sold into human trafficking. Without a birth certificate, she will likely face a bleak future. None of us would want this for her. 
The Girls Count Act is exactly what 
the title says; it helps ensure that all girls and boys are counted by their governments. The bill helps support the efforts of the Secretary of State and the Administrator of USAID to work with international organizations and NGOs to improve birth registration for all children. Every child deserves to have his birth recognized, and it de-serves to be recognized by his govern-ment. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill. Mr. CHABOT. Madam Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time and my right to close. 
Mr. ENGEL. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time to close. 
Once again, let me say that getting 
children registered at birth helps get them off to a good start. This bill en-courages governments to enact laws and policies that give all children, in-cluding girls, a chance at being full participants in society. I strongly sup-port this bill, and I urge my colleagues to do so as well. 
I want to again compliment Ms. 
M
CCOLLUM and Mr. C HABOT for their 
hard work on this very important piece of legislation. This should be a unani-mous ‘‘yes.’’ I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I would like to thank Congress-
woman M
CCOLLUM and also the ranking 
member, Mr. E NGEL , for their leader-
ship on this issue. Both of them have been very important parts of seeing this through the House. It went through the other body recently as well, so it is working its way to the President’s desk, and we are very en-couraged by that. 
Madam Speaker, many of us are 
deeply concerned by the appalling acts of injustice that are committed against women and girls around the world on a daily basis. The headlines are, often-times, hard to believe—acid attacks in Iran, death at the hands of a savage mob in Afghanistan, the kidnapping of 
schoolgirls in Nigeria—yet the dis-enfranchisement of women and girls around the world is not just an human-itarian issue; it is a development issue, and it is a security issue as well. 
How can a nation thrive when half of 
its citizens are oftentimes denied their most basic human rights? The Girls Count Act—this act, the one that we are talking about this evening—recog-nizes the suffering and aims to em-power those who have been cast into the shadows of their societies. 
Birth registration is one of the first 
steps in the fight to preserve an indi-vidual’s basic rights under the law in that particular country. It is also a critical means to ensuring the full par-ticipation of women and girls in their communities. Whether it is voting or owning property or employment or health care or a whole range of things. Let’s help girls count. 
Again, I want to thank the House for 
supporting the passage of this measure. This will be the second year now—2 years in a row—that this House, I be-lieve, will support it, and I encourage all of my colleagues to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Madam Speaker, as we 
pass the bipartisan Girls Count Act of 2015, I’d like to emphasize the importance of ad-vancing women’s rights around the world. In 2015, it is completely unacceptable that women still do not posses the same rights as men. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.071 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3627 June 1, 2015 
My grandmother raised her family and put 
food on the table to ensure that her children and grandchildren received the education and care they deserved. I am incredibly proud of my grandmother and all women like her who are the rocks of their families. I am fighting for women’s rights because it is each generation’s obligation’s to ensure that the next generation is better off than the previous. I fight for my daughter and granddaughter, who I hope will one day live in a world where there is true gender equality. 
In a time where women should be equal to 
men, there are unspeakable atrocities being committed all over the world. For example, Boko Haram kidnapped over 300 school girls, drawing the ire of global activists. By passing this legislation, we will become leaders in the worldwide fight against misogyny. This bill re-quires countries around the world to develop civil registration and statistical programs to better trace women’s information. In addition, it prevents governments from discriminating against women, while creating a policy frame-work to improve access to economic and property ownership. I sincerely hope that gov-ernments draft strong legislation that changes the current policy. 
I am grateful that our chamber has taken 
this important step to ensure that countries around the world recognize the need to im-prove women’s access to basic rights. I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for supporting women’s rights. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Madam Speaker, 
I would like to begin by thanking my good friend and colleague Congressman S
TEVE  
CHABOT for his leadership and hard work in 
shepherding the Girls Count Act as it makes its way to the President’s desk. It is important legislation that will make an impact in the lives of so many girls and young women around the world. 
Like last year, I am an original co-sponsor 
of the House version of the Girls Count Act, and I think that the version introduced in both Houses this Congress is even better than the one that the House passed last year, as it ex-plicitly recognizes the great work that so many faith-based organizations do around the globe. 
There is a need for the legislation, because 
in too many parts of the world, girls are dis-criminated against simply for being a girl. In-deed, this disregard for the value of the girl child often begins in the womb, in countries such as India and China, where we see the horrific practice of sex-selective abortion. This cruel practice in turn has led to a gender im-balance which has fed other crimes against women, such as sex trafficking, bride selling and prostitution. 
I chaired a hearing two years ago on the 
problem of ‘‘India’s Missing Girls,’’ which ad-dressed the problem of violence against the girl child in India. Sex-selective abortion and female infanticide have led to lopsided sex ra-tios: in parts of India, for example, 126 boys are born for every 100 girls. Perhaps the best figures we have concerning the magnitude of the problem come from India’s 2011 census figures, which find that there are approxi-mately 37 million more men than women in India. 
In China, too, we see the brutal effects of a 
one-child policy that causes baby girls to be killed before birth; where only one child per couple is permitted in a society that has a tra-ditional preference for sons, the predictable re-sult is that a disproportionate number of girls 
will be killed in the womb. 
As Mara Hvistendahl recounted in a book I 
recommend to all of my colleagues, Unnatural Selection: Choosing Boys Over Girls, and the Consequences of a World Full of Men, in Asia alone, there are 160 million missing girls, roughly the same amount of women and girls as there are in the United States. The result of this sex-imbalance is a world where there is greater political instability, with violence inside the womb begetting violence outside as well. 
Today’s legislation, which seeks to have 
every girl counted and registered, marks a small but important step toward a world where every child, boy or girl, is equally valued and cherished for her or his inherent, God-given dignity from the moment of conception. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 802. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PROTECT AND PRESERVE INTER-
NATIONAL CULTURAL PROPERTY ACT 
Mr. CHABOT. Madam Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1493) to protect and preserve international cultural property at risk due to political instability, armed con-flict, or natural or other disasters, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1493 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protect and 
Preserve International Cultural Property Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITION. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means the Committee on For-eign Affairs, the Committee on Ways and Means, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Fi-nance, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate. 
(2) C
ULTURAL PROPERTY .—The term ‘‘cul-
tural property’’ includes property covered under— 
(A) the Hague Convention for the Protec-
tion of Cultural Property in the Event of Armed Conflict, concluded at The Hague on May 14, 1954 (Treaty Doc. 106–1(A)); 
(B) Article 1 of the Convention Concerning 
the Protection of the World’s Cultural and Natural Heritage, adopted by UNESCO on November 23, 1972 (commonly referred to as the ‘‘1972 Convention’’); or 
(C) Article 1 of the Convention on the 
Means of Prohibiting and Preventing the Il-licit Import, Export, and Transfer of Owner-ship of Cultural Property, adopted by UNESCO on November 14, 1970 (commonly re-ferred to as the ‘‘1970 UNESCO Convention’’). SEC. 3. FINDINGS AND STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Over the years, international cultural 
property has been looted, trafficked, lost, damaged, or destroyed due to political insta-bility, armed conflict, natural disasters, and other threats. 
(2) During China’s Cultural Revolution, 
many antiques were destroyed, including a large portion of old Beijing, and Chinese au-thorities are now attempting to rebuild por-tions of China’s lost architectural heritage. 
(3) In 1975, the Khmer Rouge, after seizing 
power in Cambodia, systematically de-stroyed mosques and nearly every Catholic church in the country, along with many Bud-dhist temples, statues, and Buddhist lit-erature. 
(4) In 2001, the Taliban destroyed the 
Bamiyan Buddhas, ancient statues carved into a cliffside in central Afghanistan, lead-ing to worldwide condemnation. 
(5) After the fall of Saddam Hussein, 
thieves looted the Iraq Museum in Baghdad, resulting in the loss of approximately 15,000 items, including ancient amulets, sculptures, ivories, and cylinder seals. Many of these items remain unrecovered. 
(6) The 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and 
tsunami not only affected 11 countries, caus-ing massive loss of life, but also damaged or destroyed libraries, archives, and World Her-itage Sites such as the Mahabalipuram in India, the Sun Temple of Koranak on the Bay of Bengal, and the Old Town of Galle and its fortifications in Sri Lanka. 
(7) In Haiti, the 2010 earthquake destroyed 
art, artifacts, and archives, and partially de-stroyed the 17th century Haitian city of Jacmel. 
(8) In Mali, the Al-Qaeda affiliated ter-
rorist group Ansar Dine destroyed tombs and shrines in the ancient city of Timbuktu—a major center for trade, scholarship, and Islam in the 15th and 16th centuries—and threatened collections of ancient manu-scripts. 
(9) In Egypt, recent political instability 
has led to the ransacking of museums, re-sulting in the destruction of countless an-cient artifacts that will forever leave gaps in humanity’s record of the ancient Egyptian civilization. 
(10) In Syria, the ongoing civil war has re-
sulted in the shelling of medieval cities, damage to five World Heritage Sites, and the looting of museums containing artifacts that date back more than six millennia and in-clude some of the earliest examples of writ-ing. 
(11) In Iraq and Syria, the militant group 
ISIL has destroyed numerous cultural sites and artifacts, such as the Tomb of Jonah in July 2014, in an effort to eradicate ethnic and religious minorities from contested terri-tories. Concurrently, cultural antiquities that escape demolition are looted and traf-ficked to help fund ISIL’s militant oper-ations. 
(12) On February 12, 2015, the United Na-
tions Security Council unanimously adopted resolution 2199 (2015), which ‘‘[r]eaffirms its decision in paragraph 7 of resolution 1483 (2003) and decides that all Member States shall take appropriate steps to prevent the trade in Iraqi and Syrian cultural property and other items of archaeological, historical, cultural, rare scientific, and religious impor-tance illegally removed from Iraq since 6 Au-gust 1990 and from Syria since 15 March 2011, including by prohibiting cross-border trade in such items, thereby allowing for their eventual safe return to the Iraqi and Syrian people.’’. 
(13) United Nations Security Council reso-
lution 2199 (2015) also warns that ISIL and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN7.048 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3628 June 1, 2015 
other extremist groups are trafficking cul-
tural heritage items from Iraq and Syria to fund their recruitment efforts and carry out terrorist attacks. 
(14) The destruction of cultural property 
represents an irreparable loss of humanity’s common cultural heritage and is therefore a loss for all Americans. 
(15) Protecting international cultural prop-
erty is a vital part of United States cultural diplomacy, showing the respect of the United States for other cultures and the common heritage of humanity. 
(16) The United States Armed Forces have 
played important roles in preserving and protecting cultural property. In 1943, Presi-dent Franklin D. Roosevelt established a commission to advise the United States mili-tary on the protection of cultural property. The commission formed teams of individuals known as the ‘‘Monuments Men’’ who are credited with securing, cataloguing, and re-turning hundreds of thousands of works of art stolen by the Nazis during World War II. 
(17) The Department of State, in response 
to the Convention on Cultural Property Im-plementation Act, noted that ‘‘the legisla-tion is important to our foreign relations, in-cluding our international cultural relations. The expanding worldwide trade in objects of archaeological and ethnological interest has led to wholesale depredations in some coun-tries, resulting in the mutilation of ceremo-nial centers and archaeological complexes of ancient civilizations and the removal of stone sculptures and reliefs.’’. The Depart-ment further noted that ‘‘[t]he United States considers that on grounds of principle, good foreign relations, and concern for the preser-vation of the cultural heritage of mankind, it should render assistance in these situa-tions.’’. 
(18) The U.S. Committee of the Blue Shield 
was founded in 2006 to support the implemen-tation of the 1954 Hague Convention for the Protection of Cultural Property in the Event of Armed Conflict and to coordinate with the United States military, other branches of the United States Government, and other cultural heritage nongovernmental organiza-tions in preserving international cultural property threatened by political instability, armed conflict, or natural or other disasters. 
(b) S
TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It shall be the 
policy of the United States to— 
(1) protect and preserve international cul-
tural property at risk of looting, trafficking, and destruction due to political instability, armed conflict, or natural or other disasters; 
(2) protect international cultural property 
pursuant to its obligations under inter-national treaties to which the United States is a party; 
(3) prevent, in accordance with existing 
laws, importation of cultural property pil-laged, looted, stolen, or trafficked at all times, including during political instability, armed conflict, or natural or other disasters; and 
(4) ensure that existing laws and regula-
tions, including import restrictions imposed through the Office of Foreign Asset Control (OFAC) of the Department of the Treasury, are fully implemented to prevent trafficking in stolen or looted cultural property. 
SEC. 4. UNITED STATES COORDINATOR FOR 
INTERNATIONAL CULTURAL PROP-ERTY PROTECTION. 
The Secretary of State shall designate a 
Department of State employee at the Assist-ant Secretary level or above to serve concur-rently as the United States Coordinator for International Cultural Property Protection. The Coordinator shall— 
(1) coordinate and promote efforts to pro-
tect international cultural property, espe-cially activities that involve multiple Fed-eral agencies; (2) act as Chair of the Coordinating Com-
mittee on International Cultural Property Protection established under section 5; 
(3) resolve interagency differences; (4) develop strategies to reduce illegal 
trade and trafficking in international cul-tural property in the United States and abroad, including by reducing consumer de-mand for such trade; 
(5) support activities to assist countries 
that are the principle sources of trafficked cultural property to protect cultural herit-age sites and to prevent cultural property looting and theft; 
(6) work with and consult domestic and 
international actors such as foreign govern-ments, intergovernmental organizations, nongovernmental organizations, museums, educational institutions, and research insti-tutions to protect international cultural property; and 
(7) submit to the appropriate congressional 
committees the annual report required under section 6. 
SEC. 5. COORDINATING COMMITTEE ON INTER-
NATIONAL CULTURAL PROPERTY PROTECTION. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established a 
Coordinating Committee on International Cultural Property Protection (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Committee’’). 
(b) F
UNCTIONS .—The full Committee shall 
meet not less often than annually to coordi-nate and inform Federal efforts to protect international cultural property and to facili-tate the work of the United States Coordi-nator for International Cultural Property Protection designated under section 4. 
(c) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Committee shall be 
composed of the United States Coordinator for International Cultural Property Protec-tion, who shall act as Chair, and representa-tives of the following: 
(1) The Department of State. (2) The Department of Defense. (3) The Department of Homeland Security, 
including U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement and U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection. 
(4) The Department of the Interior. (5) The Department of Justice, including 
the Federal Bureau of Investigation. 
(6) The United States Agency for Inter-
national Development. 
(7) The Smithsonian Institution. (8) Such other entities as the Chair deter-
mines appropriate. 
(d) S
UBCOMMITTEES .—The Committee may 
include such subcommittees and taskforces as the Chair determines appropriate. Such subcommittees or taskforces may be com-prised of a subset of the Committee members or of such other members as the Chair deter-mines appropriate. At the discretion of the Chair, the provisions of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) and section 552b of title 5 of the United States Code (re-lating to open meetings) shall not apply to activities of such subcommittees or taskforces. 
(e) C
ONSULTATION .—The Committee shall 
consult with governmental and nongovern-mental organizations, including the U.S. Committee of the Blue Shield, museums, educational institutions, and research insti-tutions on efforts to promote and protect international cultural property. 
SEC. 6. REPORTS ON ACTIVITIES TO PROTECT 
INTERNATIONAL CULTURAL PROP-ERTY. 
Not later than one year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter for the next six years, the Sec-retary of State, acting through the United States Coordinator for International Cul-tural Property Protection, and in consulta-tion with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, the Secretary of Defense, the Attorney 
General, and the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity, as appropriate, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port that includes information on activities of— 
(1) the United States Coordinator and the 
Coordinating Committee on International Cultural Property Protection to protect international cultural property; 
(2) the Department of State to protect 
international cultural property, including activities undertaken pursuant to the Hague Convention for the Protection of Cultural Property in the Event of Armed Conflict, and other statutes, international agreements, and policies, including— 
(A) procedures the Department has insti-
tuted to protect international cultural prop-erty at risk of destruction due to political instability, armed conflict, or natural or other disasters; and 
(B) actions the Department has taken to 
protect international cultural property in conflicts to which the United States is a party; 
(3) the United States Agency for Inter-
national Development (USAID) to protect international cultural property, including activities and coordination with other Fed-eral agencies, international organizations, and nongovernmental organizations regard-ing the protection of international cultural property at risk due to political unrest, armed conflict, natural or other disasters, and USAID development programs; 
(4) the Department of Defense to protect 
international cultural property, including activities undertaken pursuant to the Hague Convention for the Protection of Cultural Property in the Event of Armed Conflict and other cultural property protection statutes and international agreements, including— 
(A) directives, policies, and regulations the 
Department has instituted to protect inter-national cultural property at risk of destruc-tion due to political instability, armed con-flict, or natural or other disasters; and 
(B) actions the Department has taken to 
avoid damage to cultural property through construction activities abroad; and 
(5) the Department of Homeland Security 
and the Department of Justice, including the Federal Bureau of Investigation, to protect both international cultural property abroad and international cultural property located in, or attempted to be imported into, the United States, including activities under-taken pursuant to statutes and international agreements, including— 
(A) statutes and regulations the Depart-
ment has employed in criminal, civil, and civil forfeiture actions to prevent and inter-dict trafficking in stolen and smuggled cul-tural property, including investigations into transnational organized crime and smug-gling networks; and 
(B) actions the Department has taken in 
order to ensure the consistent and effective application of law in cases relating to both international cultural property abroad and international cultural property located in, or attempted to be imported into, the United States. 
SEC. 7. AUTHORIZATION FOR FEDERAL AGEN-
CIES TO ENGAGE IN INTER-NATIONAL CULTURAL PROPERTY PROTECTION ACTIVITIES WITH THE SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, any agency that is involved in inter-national cultural property protection activi-ties is authorized to enter into agreements or memoranda of understanding with the Smithsonian Institution to temporarily en-gage personnel from the Smithsonian Insti-tution for the purposes of furthering such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN7.050 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3629 June 1, 2015 
international cultural property protection 
activities. 
SEC. 8. EMERGENCY PROTECTION FOR SYRIAN 
CULTURAL PROPERTY. 
(a) P RESIDENTIAL DETERMINATION .—Not-
withstanding subsection (b) of section 304 of the Convention on Cultural Property Imple-mentation Act (19 U.S.C. 2603) (relating to a Presidential determination that an emer-gency condition applies with respect to any archaeological or ethnological material of any State Party to the Convention), the President shall apply the import restrictions referred to in such section 304 with respect to any archaeological or ethnological mate-rial of Syria, except that subsection (c) of such section 304 shall not apply. Such import restrictions shall take effect not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) A
NNUAL DETERMINATION REGARDING  
CERTIFICATION .— 
(1) D ETERMINATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The President shall, not 
less often than annually, determine whether 
at least one of the conditions specified in subparagraph (B) is met, and shall notify the appropriate congressional committees of such determination. 
(B) C
ONDITIONS .—The conditions referred to 
in subparagraph (A) are the following: 
(i) The Government of Syria is incapable, 
at the time a determination under such sub-paragraph is made, of fulfilling the require-ments to request an agreement under section 303 of the Convention on Cultural Property Implementation Act (19 U.S.C. 2602). 
(ii) It would be against the United States 
national interest to enter into such an agree-ment. 
(2) T
ERMINATION OF RESTRICTIONS .—The im-
port restrictions referred to in subsection (a) shall terminate on the date that is five years after the date on which the President deter-mines that neither of the conditions speci-fied in paragraph (1)(B) are met, unless be-fore such termination date Syria requests to enter into an agreement with the United States pursuant to section 303 of the Conven-tion on Cultural Property Implementation Act, in which case such import restrictions may remain in effect until the earliest of ei-ther— 
(A) the date that is three years after the 
date on which Syria makes such a request; or 
(B) the date on which the United States 
and Syria enter into such an agreement. 
(c) W
AIVER .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The President may waive 
the import restrictions referred to in sub-section (a) for specified cultural property if the President certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that the condi-tions described in paragraph (2) are met. 
(2) C
ONDITIONS .—The conditions referred to 
in paragraph (1) are the following: 
(A) The foreign owner or custodian of the 
specified cultural property has requested such property be temporarily located in the United States for protection purposes. 
(B) Such property shall be returned to the 
foreign owner or custodian when requested by such foreign owner or custodian. 
(C) Granting a waiver under this sub-
section will not contribute to illegal traf-ficking in cultural property or financing of criminal or terrorist activities. 
(3) A
CTION .—If the President grants a waiv-
er under this subsection, the specified cul-tural property that is the subject of such waiver shall be placed in the temporary cus-tody of the United States Government or in the temporary custody of a cultural or edu-cational institution within the United States for the purpose of protection, restoration, conservation, study, or exhibition, without profit. (4) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
Act shall prevent application of the Act to render immune from seizure under judicial process certain objects of cultural signifi-cance imported into the United States for temporary display or exhibition, and for other purposes (22 U.S.C. 2459; Public Law 89– 259) with respect to archaeological or ethno-logical material of Syria. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘archaeological or ethno-
logical material of Syria’’ means cultural property of Syria and other items of archae-ological, historical, cultural, rare scientific, or religious importance unlawfully removed from Syria on or after March 15, 2011; and 
(2) the term ‘‘State Party’’ has the mean-
ing given such term in section 302 of the Con-vention on Cultural Property Implementa-tion Act (19 U.S.C. 2601). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) and the gentleman 
from New York (Mr. E NGEL ) each will 
control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHABOT. Madam Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous material on this bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHABOT. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume, and I submit for the R
ECORD let-
ters between the committees of juris-diction. 
Madam Speaker, the history of civili-
zation is under attack. The Islamic State, also known as ISIS, continues to wreak havoc throughout Iraq and Syria, laying a path of death and de-struction in order to establish and ex-pand its caliphate. 
b2000 
No offense is more appalling than the 
terrorists’ complete disregard for human life. ISIS has unleashed a cam-paign of sickening violence against Shi’a Muslims and fellow Sunnis who do not share their radical beliefs, as well as against vulnerable religious and ethnic minorities. This includes its public beheadings and executions and the selling of women and girls into sex-ual slavery. 
Besides the human toll of ISIS’ de-
plorable acts, we also mourn the loss of society’s cultural heritage, as the ex-tremists loot and destroy their way through ancient sites in the territories they conquer. We have seen heart-breaking footage of ISIS drilling their way through priceless artifacts in Mosul and bulldozing magnificent Mesopotamian ruins in the 3000-year- old city of Nimrud. ISIS claims the an-nihilation of cultural sites is meant to counter idolatry, but clearly these ter-rorists have another goal: to remove all traces of the region’s rich and di-verse religious and cultural past. By eliminating all evidence of humanity’s common heritage, they are paving the way for their own horrifying brand of 
Islamist extremism. 
What we are witnessing is a cultural 
genocide. For ISIS, however, this looting of antiquities is big business. Some reports indicate that they are earning as much as $100 million annu-ally from the sale of stolen artifacts, which they often sell to middlemen who can peddle these treasures in old- fashioned markets or online. 
Earlier this year, the United Nations 
Security Council adopted a resolution that urged member states to take steps to prevent the trafficking of Iraqi and Syrian cultural properties, and just last week, all 193 U.N. members agreed to step up the prosecution of those en-gaged in this illegal trade. 
I want to commend the Committee 
on Foreign Affairs’ ranking member, Elliott Engel, for introducing this bi-partisan bill that we have before us this evening and for his continued lead-ership on this critical issue. This bill, the Protect and Preserve International Cultural Property Act, will help the U.S. do its part to counter the smug-gling and sale of stolen Syrian antiq-uities. 
Specifically, the bill will improve co-
ordination of U.S. efforts to protect cultural property and prevent these ar-tifacts from being removed since the start of Syria’s civil war from being sold or imported into this country, into the United States. It is important to note that the legislation’s emergency import restrictions are not designed to continue into perpetuity and can be waived under certain conditions for the temporary safekeeping of cultural property within the United States. 
I also want to make clear that this 
bill only restricts the import of certain Syrian antiquities that have been re-moved from that country during the current conflict. Nothing in this legis-lation is meant to interfere with the legal sale of antiquities that do not fall under this category nor with other as-pects of the import process. 
I want to again thank E
LIOTT ENGEL , 
the ranking member of our committee, for his work on this measure. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, May 29, 2015. 
Hon. E DWARD R. R OYCE , 
Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Ray-
burn House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing with 
respect to H.R. 1493, the ‘‘Protect and Pre-serve International Cultural Property Act.’’ As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 1493 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means, I agree to waive consider-ation of this bill so that it may proceed expe-ditiously to the House floor. 
The Committee on Ways and Means takes 
this action with the mutual understanding that by forgoing consideration of H.R. 1493 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN7.050 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3630 June 1, 2015 
so that we may address any remaining issues 
that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference in-volving this or similar legislation, and re-quests your support for such request. 
Finally, I would appreciate your response 
to this letter confirming this understanding, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consider-ation thereof. 
Sincerely, 
P
AULRYAN, 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , 
Washington, DC, May 29, 2015. 
Hon. P AULRYAN, 
Chairman, House Committee on Ways and 
Means, Longworth House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for con-
sulting with the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs on H.R. 1493, the Protect and Preserve International Cultural Property Act, and for agreeing to be discharged from further con-sideration of that bill. 
I agree that your forgoing further action 
on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would sup-port your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this leg-islation. 
I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 1493 
into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. 
Sincerely, 
E
DWARD R. R OYCE , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , 
Washington, DC, June 1, 2015. 
Hon. E DROYCE , 
Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Wash-
ington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing to 
you concerning the jurisdictional interest of the Committee on Homeland Security in H.R. 1493, the ‘‘Protect and Preserve Inter-national Cultural Property Act.’’ The bill contains provisions that fall within the ju-risdiction of the Committee on Homeland Security. 
I recognize and appreciate the desire to 
bring this legislation before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, the Committee on Home-land Security will not assert its jurisdic-tional claim over this bill by seeking a se-quential referral. The Committee takes this action with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 1493 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation. 
This waiver is also given with the under-
standing that the Committee on Homeland Security expressly reserves its authority to seek conferees on any provision within its jurisdiction during any House-Senate con-ference that may be convened on this or any similar legislation, and requests your sup-port for such a request. 
I would appreciate your response to this 
letter confirming this understanding with re-spect to H.R. 1493, and ask that a copy of this letter and your response be included in the 
Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. 
Sincerely, 
M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, 
Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , 
Washington, DC, June 1, 2015. 
Hon. M ICHAEL MCCAUL, 
Chairman, House Committee on Homeland Secu-
rity, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for con-
sulting with the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs on H.R. 1493, the Protect and Preserve International Cultural Property Act, and for agreeing to forgo a sequential referral re-quest of that bill to the Committee on Home-land Security. 
I agree that your forgoing further action 
on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would sup-port your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this leg-islation. 
I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 1493 
into the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD during floor 
consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. 
Sincerely, 
E
DWARD R. R OYCE , 
Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, June 1, 2015. 
Hon. E DWARD R. R OYCE , 
Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, House 
of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your 
letter concerning H.R. 1493, the Protect and Preserve International Cultural Property Act, as amended. I am writing to confirm that, although there are certain provisions in the bill that fall within the Rule X juris-diction of the Committee on Armed Services, the committee will forgo action on this bill in order to expedite this legislation for floor consideration. 
I am glad we agree that forgoing consider-
ation of the bill does not prejudice the Com-mittee on Armed Services with respect to any future jurisdictional claim over the pro-visions contained in the bill or similar legis-lation that fall within the committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. I appreciate your support for the appointment of committee members to any House-Senate conference convened to consider such provisions. 
Thank you for agreeing to place a copy of 
your letter acknowledging our jurisdictional interest, along with this response, into the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD during consideration 
of the measure on the House floor. I look for-ward to continuing to work together as this legislation moves toward final passage. 
Sincerely, 
W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , 
Washington, DC, May 29, 2015. 
Hon. W ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , 
Chairman, House Armed Services Committee, 
2216 Rayburn House Office Building, Wash-ington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for con-
sulting with the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs on H.R. 1493, the Protect and Preserve International Cultural Property Act, and for 
agreeing to be discharged from further con-sideration of that bill. 
I agree that your forgoing further action 
on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Armed Services, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would sup-port your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this leg-islation. 
I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 1493 
into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. 
Sincerely, 
E
DWARD R. R OYCE , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , 
Washington, DC, June 1, 2015. 
Hon. E DROYCE , 
Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, 2170 
Rayburn House Office Building, Wash-ington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN ROYCE , I am writing with 
respect to H.R. 1493, the ‘‘Protect and Pre-serve International Cultural Property Act,’’ which was referred to the Committee on For-eign Affairs and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 1493 that fall within the Rule X jurisdic-tion of the Committee on the Judiciary, I agree to discharge our Committee from fur-ther consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. 
The Judiciary Committee takes this action 
with our mutual understanding that by fore-going consideration of H.R. 1493 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion, and that our Committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, and asks that you support any such request. 
I would appreciate a response to this letter 
confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 1493, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be in-cluded in the Congressional Record during Floor consideration of H.R. 1493. 
Sincerely, 
B
OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , 
Washington, DC, May 29, 2015. 
Hon. B OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman, House Committee on the Judiciary, 
2138 Rayburn House Office Building, Wash-ington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for con-
sulting with the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs on H.R. 1493, the Protect and Preserve International Cultural Property Act, and for agreeing to be discharged from further con-sideration of that bill. 
I agree that your forgoing further action 
on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, or prejudice its ju-risdictional prerogatives on this bill or simi-lar legislation in the future. I would support 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN7.056 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3631 June 1, 2015 
your effort to seek appointment of an appro-
priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this legislation. 
I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 1493 
into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. 
Sincerely, 
E
DWARD R. R OYCE , 
Chairman. 
Mr. ENGEL. Madam Speaker, I rise 
in strong support of my legislation, H.R. 1493, as amended, and yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, we have worked 
very, very hard on this bill. This is a very, very important bill. So let me first thank Chairman E
DROYCE for his 
efforts to move this bill forward. He is a good partner on the committee, and we couldn’t have gone this far without him. I also want to thank the lead co-sponsors, Representative C
HRIS SMITH 
and Representative B ILLKEATING , who 
have been champions on this issue. I want to thank Mr. C
HABOT for his sup-
port and his eloquence in speaking for the bill. 
One of the things that we do on the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs is, wher-ever possible, we work in a bipartisan fashion, and this is a perfect example of working together in a bipartisan fashion for something that is really just so important. 
Madam Speaker, by now we have all 
seen footage of ISIS extremists taking sledgehammers, as Mr. C
HABOT men-
tioned, to ancient, irreplaceable arti-facts across the territory they control. Now, these are not random acts of van-dalism. We are witnessing a deliberate campaign to attempt to rewrite world history. From the tomb of Jonah in Mosul to Yazidi shrines in Sinjar, ISIS is leveling sites that preserve a record of the region’s rich and diverse past. I think Mr. C
HABOT put it very well when 
he said the same thing. 
We have seen this tactic before. In 
Afghanistan, the Taliban wiped out the Bamiyan Buddhas in March of 2000. Who can forget that? During the Holo-caust, the Nazis systematically tar-geted Jewish property as part of their effort to wipe out an entire race. 
Now, some people will say why are 
we talking about the destruction of an-cient ruins while so many people are suffering and dying at the hands of ISIS? That is not important. Of course, we need to stay focused on stopping the violence and alleviating the dire hu-manitarian situation festering across the region, but the reality is that we cannot separate these issues so easily. After all, before ISIS reduces these sites to rubble, the group loots every-thing they can carry, traffics the arti-facts on the black market, and uses those resources to fund their violent rampage. 
So it is directly connected to the 
murder and killing of so many civilians and their brutality. They use these ar-tifacts to get money so that they can keep their war machine going, so that 
they can keep their killings going, so that they can keep their brutality going. So the two are connected. 
ISIS has ransacked thousands of arti-
facts from dozens of World Heritage Sites, places like cities of Mari and Dura Europos, which were virtually un-touched before this crisis. These places are now lost to history, and their de-struction has funneled, as I said before, millions of dollars into ISIS’ coffers. 
We need to cut off the source of fund-
ing and at the same time work to pre-serve this imperiled cultural history. There is already a good effort under-way, a global effort underway. 
In February, the U.N. Security Coun-
cil passed a resolution calling on gov-ernments to prohibit trade of cultural property looted from Syria and Iraq. The Security Council found that this step would reduce ISIS’ operational ca-pability to organize and carry out ter-rorist attacks. Our Western allies have cracked down on traffickers trying to sell looted artifacts from Iraq and Syria. Now is the time for the United States to do more, and that is precisely what this bill does. 
First of all, this bill takes steps to 
ensure the antiquities trafficking that is lining ISIS’ pockets is not taking place within our borders. This legisla-tion would impose tough, new import restrictions on cultural artifacts re-moved from Syria similar to restric-tions we passed in 2004 with respect to Iraq. So we are doing the same thing that we did in Iraq in 2004 with Syria, trying to prevent these looted artifacts from funding the terrorist machine. 
Nothing in this legislation would 
interfere with the legal sale or exhi-bition of antiquities that were not smuggled out of Syria during the cur-rent crisis, and there are exceptions to allow artifacts to come here for protec-tion and restoration. These new rules would remain in effect until the crisis in Syria is resolved and America is able to work with a new Syrian Government to protect cultural property from traf-ficking under a bilateral agreement in accordance with America’s national in-terests. 
Secondly, this bill enhances collabo-
ration among government agencies al-ready working on this problem. This bill would bring together programs, from the Smithsonian, to the Pen-tagon, to Homeland Security, through a new interagency body with a single coordinator. It would improve congres-sional oversight to make sure we are efficient in the way we are addressing this challenge. These steps will not re-place the authorities of existing bodies but will help ensure their programs work together effectively. 
This bill represents the newest chap-
ter in a long tradition. Since World War II, America has led the world in protecting historical property from those bent on its destruction. That leadership is needed today. We must act swiftly to confront this threat, to cut off a critical source of ISIS fund-ing, to stand up to this barbaric brand 
of psychological warfare, and to stop those determined to rewrite history. I urge all colleagues to support this leg-islation. 
I thank Mr. C
HABOT again. 
Madam Speaker, let me close by not-
ing that with each passing day, ISIS is selling looted artifacts to the highest bidder, further financing death and de-struction. Whatever is left behind, they reduce to rubble, leveling religious sites, digging up ancient cities, and erasing the last traces of long lost civ-ilizations whose histories have re-mained in soil and sand for thousands of years, and these people destroy that. 
We must stand up to these acts. We 
must do more to cut off ISIS’ funding and save cultural property. That is why it is so important. To help achieve this effort, we need to pass H.R. 1493. I urge my colleagues to support this bipar-tisan legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHABOT. Madam Speaker, I 
would first ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legisla-tive days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 944. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. CHABOT. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Madam Speaker, the whole world 
continues to recoil in horror at ISIS’ depravity. The ancient cities that face destruction at its hands are considered the birthplace of modern civilization. Just weeks ago, ISIS conquered the an-cient city of Palmyra, the so-called jewel of the desert. Recent reports that ISIS has not destroyed these sites may give some of us hope, but judging from their prior barbaric acts, it is probably just a matter of time before they do the same thing there as they have done so horrifically in other places. 
The legislation before us today—and 
I again want to thank Mr. E
NGEL for 
introducing the legislation—and over-sight of the U.S. agencies responsible for recognizing and protecting cultural property, ensuring that such treasures are protected to the best of our ability, that is what this legislation would do. 
I appreciate the other committees of 
jurisdiction for working with the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs on this meas-ure, particularly the Committee on Ways and Means for its assistance on the critical import restrictions on this bill. 
As Mr. E
NGEL mentioned, when one is 
looking at this, we are looking at cul-tural things which have been—let’s face it—destroyed forever. Some of these things are thousands of years old, and you can’t bring them back. And you can’t help but think—we are talk-ing about physical things here, but we have also seen them do other horrific things. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN7.058 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3632 June 1, 2015 
When they take a Jordanian pilot 
and in a particularly barbaric fashion essentially set him on fire in a cage, when they take people out to a beach and one by one behead them, when they sell innocent women and young girls into slavery, over and over again, we have seen these horrific things hap-pening, and it is time the world stood up to this group, both for the horrific things they are doing on historic arti-facts which can’t be brought back, but also the human lives that they have so callously extinguished. This group must be stopped. Let’s hope that this evening we are at least taking a step in that direction. 
I again thank Mr. E
NGEL , and I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Madam Speaker, as we 
vote on H.R. 1493 in the House today, I would like to share with you the series of unfortunate and barbaric events that have plagued The Cultural Museum of Mosul and robbed the people of Iraq, Afghanistan, and Pakistan of their historical lineage. 
No stranger to war and tribal conflict, the 
people of Mosul, Iraq have suffered persecu-tion and displacement under the Ottoman Em-pire, British colonial rule, and various tyran-nical regimes. Despite all these hardships, Mosul was once a city of commercial impor-tance to the region. Commerce and trade brought a rich exchange of history and culture to Mosul, which was preserved in the Museum of Mosul. 
The museum provided a connection to a na-
tional identity and pride, which was once flour-ishing and prosperous. They say it is impor-tant to know your past so that you can learn from the mistakes of previous generations and better prepare for the future that is ahead. The people of Mosul were robbed of that oppor-tunity in April of this year by ISIS. Just days before the reopening of the museum, which was looted during the Iraq War in 2003, ISIS released a horrific video showing militants using sledgehammers to demolish stone sculptures and other centuries-old artifacts. 
The world watched in horror and disbelief as 
centuries of Assyrian history were obliterated in minutes. As we fight against the injustices perpetrated by ISIS militants around the world we must also fight to preserve the cultural in-tegrity of these historical civilizations. I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their dedication in preserving the historical treasures of the people of Mosul. ISIS has robbed these people of their freedoms but we must protect their past so that they may have a better future. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Madam Speaker, 
I would like to begin by thanking Mr. E
LIOT 
ENGEL , the Ranking Member of the House 
Foreign Affairs Committee, for his bill, the Pro-tect and Preserve International Cultural Prop-erty Act, H.R. 1493. 
I am privileged to be the lead co-sponsor of 
this bill, just as I was last year. 
This bill could not be more timely, given the 
depredations of ISIS that we see played out on our TV screens when we turn on the night-ly news—the horrific beheadings and killing of Christians and other religious minorities such as Yezidis by Islamist fanatics. 
These murderers help finance their terror in 
part by looting cultural antiquities and coins from areas of Syria and Iraq that they control. Congress has already acted with respect to 
banning importation of ‘‘blood antiquities’’ from Iraq, which this bill would now extend to Syria. As such, this bill is part of the war on terror, helping to dry up sources of terror financing. 
We also see that these fanatics will destroy 
what they cannot loot. This bill increases the inter-agency cooperation, including involve-ment of ‘‘Monuments Men’’ units of our armed forces, in striving to protect a cultural heritage which is part of our world’s patrimony. 
Finally, I want to highlight a provision of this 
bill that was not in the version we passed in the last Congress, but one which is an impor-tant addition, namely, a safe-harbor provision for those who seek to bring into the country important cultural artifacts that are being threatened with destruction, This safe harbor provision allows them to be placed in the tem-porary protective custody of the United States government or a museum. 
I want to close by thanking Ranking Mem-
ber E
NGEL for introducing this important piece 
of legislation, and would like to thank him and all staff members who worked so hard on bringing this important legislation to the floor tonight. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1493, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE FIRE-
FIGHTERS LOST IN HOUSTON’S FIRE OFF THE SOUTHWEST FREEWAY 
(Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. OLSON. Madam Speaker, May 31, 
2013, 2 years ago yesterday, at 12:08 p.m., a call is made to Houston 911. A large fire was burning off the South-west Freeway. At 12:11, 3 minutes later, station 51 arrived. At 12:16 p.m., 5 min-utes after that, station 68 arrived. At 12:23, a mayday was heard over the radio. The roof had collapsed. 
That call was the last alarm for four 
firefighters: Matthew Renaud, 35 years old, station 51; Robert Bebee, 41 years old, station 51 as well; Robert Garner, 29 years old, station 68; and a young lady from my hometown, Anne Sul-livan, 24 years old, fire station 68. They are in God’s hands, and we will never forget them. 
f 
b2015 
HONORING RABBI LES 
GUTTERMAN 
(Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CICILLINE. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize Rabbi Les Gutterman, my rabbi and a man who has served for more than 40 years as 
the senior rabbi for Temple Beth-El in Providence, Rhode Island. 
Rabbi Gutterman’s unique insight 
and his sharp sense of humor have served the members of his congregation magnificently during times of personal struggle and times of great celebration. 
As a member of the congregation at 
Temple Beth-El, I have often relied on Rabbi Gutterman’s wise counsel and spiritual guidance, and I consider his friendship a great blessing in my life. 
A native of Flint, Michigan, Rabbi 
Gutterman first came to Providence 45 years ago after earning a bachelor’s de-gree from the University of Michigan and a Doctor of Divinity from Hebrew Union College. 
At the time, just 27 years old, he 
could not have imagined the impact he would have on our State and on the families in his congregation. But just 3 years later, Rabbi Gutterman would be appointed the senior rabbi for Temple Beth-El, making him one of the young-est senior rabbis in the United States. 
Today, he is known to all of us as 
‘‘Rhode Island’s rabbi,’’ a humble, car-ing servant of God who has tended to the spiritual needs of this great com-munity for nearly half a century. 
While we will miss his presence at 
Temple Beth-El, I know that all of us are wishing him, his wife Janet, and his daughters Rebecca and Elizabeth the very best as he embarks on a well- deserved retirement. 
Thank you, Rabbi Gutterman, for 
your devotion to our community and for the gentle, caring guidance and love you have provided to us for so many years. 
f 
TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Okla-homa (Mr. R
USSELL ) is recognized for 
60 minutes as the designee of the ma-jority leader. 
Mr. RUSSELL. Madam Speaker, with 
trade deals on the horizon, President Obama has asked Congress to grant him trade promotional authority, also called fast track, to ‘‘write the rules for the world’s economy.’’ This meas-ure would allow the President to pass sweeping trade partnerships without the input of the American people through their elected representatives in the normal process. Despite the var-ious myths circulating about TPA, I sincerely believe that it is not in the best interest of our Nation, as written at this time. 
You have heard it said that a vote 
against TPA is a vote against inter-national trade, but actually, a vote against TPA is a vote for a better con-struct and trade agreement. 
I am a strong supporter of trade when 
deals are negotiated strategically in the best interest of the United States economically, militarily, and dip-lomatically. With the President leav-ing office in just months, I have serious 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:26 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.076 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3633 June 1, 2015 
concerns about the rapid pace and con-
tent of any deal that could have dec-ades of implication. 
Many have said TPA will strengthen 
our international relationships, and that may be, but while TPA would fast- track the Trans-Pacific Partnership, in specific, currently being negotiated by the President with 11 other Pacific na-tions, I am not convinced that this is a partnership that must be done in haste before the President leaves office. 
We currently trade with 6 of the 11 
other members. Our vital yet delicate relationship with China—a country not included in the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship—would likely be damaged by a ri-valry for economic influence in the re-gion. The Trans-Pacific Partnership re-wards nations with serious human rights violations while slighting our faithful trade partners with shared val-ues in Europe. While I support the lift-ing of trade barriers and promoting better standards of living, I believe we must do the right track, not the fast track. 
Others have claimed TPA will 
strengthen national security. On this point we should take careful note. The President has used dangerous and iso-lating language regarding China, with words coming from the White House like ‘‘hegemony’’ and ‘‘containment’’ to ask for the TPA, or the trade pro-motional authority, but we must note that China is not our enemy. There-fore, we should not put it on the path to become one. 
By isolating China, we could easily 
transform our capabilities-based de-fense strategy to a threat-based one, with all of the implication and decades of effort that that would entail. It would affect all of our future defense spending and could even begin Cold War II. The trade promotional author-ity can be granted and trade agree-ments inked without making China ex-cluded, or worse, our enemy. We need to use the next 20 months to repair the relationships as we move towards bet-ter trade agreements. 
The trade promotional authority, 
some say, gives Congress a seat at the negotiating table. But the TPA allows Congress to set broad objectives for ne-gotiation—and that comes at a high price. Under the trade promotional au-thority, Congress sacrifices its author-ity to make any changes on the final deal, and they are left with a simple ‘‘yes’’ or ‘‘no’’ vote. 
I believe the American people deserve 
their voice in trade agreements which impact all of our livelihoods and affect all of our families’ finances. And while trade is vital to economic opportunity and our international friendships, I cannot support granting the President permission in light of these concerns with trade promotional authority. 
Madam Speaker, America has long 
been fascinated with China. From the time of Columbus, who sought to find a western approach to China and instead discovered America, we have been drawn to its ancient culture and its people. The earliest American vessel 
pulled into a Canton port in 1748. Forty years later, we began free trade with the Cantonese. 
The first mention of China obtaining 
a favored nation status was actually as early as 1844, when we signed the Trea-ty of Wanghia. The way seemed open to engage China and her market. But there were concerns. Wrote one negoti-ating diplomat regarding this treaty: ‘‘It is the most uncivilized and remote of all nations . . . it is in an isolated place outside the pale, solitary, and ig-norant. Not only are the people en-tirely unversed in the forms of edicts and laws, but if the meaning be rather deep, they would probably not even be able to comprehend. It would seem that we must make our words somewhat simple.’’ 
What is amusing is that the diplomat 
was Chinese, and his comments were directed toward the United States. 
China moved ahead slowly and cau-
tiously with its relations with the West. The interplay of Western cov-etousness with Chinese reluctance kept the door to China at a mere crack. Eu-ropean attempts to force the crack with opium and acquisition of port cit-ies broadened the natural distrust. 
Unlike demands of Europe, though, 
the United States wanted trade, not territory. U.S. Ambassador Burlingame was able to secure the first treaty that China ever made with any Western na-tion in 1861, and China was regarded as an equal. Chinese workers began to flock to the United States and literally began to move mountains in California as economic opportunity thrived. 
Unfortunately, the goodwill of Lin-
coln faded in just one generation. The plundering of Chinese port cities by European competitors changed how Americans began to view China. The flood of Chinese immigrants to Cali-fornia became an easy target for any setback on its economic ascent. Equals were now called coolies. Racism reached such a height that in 1882 the United States Congress—this body— passed and the President signed the first ever act that excluded a specific race on immigration. We did not even make any pretense about it, calling it the Chinese Exclusion Act. The provi-sions remained in effect for nearly 60 years. 
As these events played out, Com-
modore Perry of the United States Navy entered Tokyo in 1850 and de-manded that Japan ‘‘open up.’’ The Japanese obliged. 
Japan embarked on a stunning mod-
ernization program, where China was reluctant. In an incredible span of only 50 years, Japan adopted Western tech-nology, governance, law, industry, and military doctrines. Her rise from mys-tic feudalism to world power alarmed the West. In response, the goodwill of Lincoln towards China would take hold again in the form of his youthful per-sonal secretary, John Hay, now an older, wiser, and towering figure of re-spect serving as the Secretary of State in 1900. Hay saw the best way to compete 
with Japan would be to open up China to trade while protecting her territory. Hays’ open-door policy was widely her-alded across the globe as the solution to imperial Japanese ascendancy. This would have long-lasting implication, but one important side effect was to re-store U.S.-Chinese relations. Hay even secured a guarantee from Japan in 1908 to respect China’s ‘‘open door,’’ inde-pendence, and territory. It would last only 7 years. 
As China moved to become more en-
lightened to the West with Sun Yat- sen’s revolution in self-governance in China, Imperial Japan made what was known as the 21 Demands during World War I. 
Great Britain and U.S. Secretary of 
State William Jennings Bryan moved quickly to prevent Japan from at-tempting to make China its own pro-tectorate. American-Chinese relations warmed even further when the United States declared China’s right to auton-omy with tariffs and trade in 1928. 
As once-warm Japanese relations 
with the United States turned sour over Imperial Japanese policy in China regarding Manchuria, America estab-lished what became the Stimson doc-trine, which refused to recognize Japa-nese acquisitions in China and upheld China’s rights to its own sovereignty. 
The 1930s saw a mercurial Imperial 
Japan plunder China, pull out of the League of Nations, and commit horrific atrocities in Nanking and Hong Kong. The U.S. responded by calling for a global quarantine against Japan in de-fense of China in 1937. China’s own struggles internally with Mao Zedong’s Communists paled in comparison to losing its industrial heart and its coast to the Imperial Japanese army. 
By 1941, America was sending lend- 
lease war material and economic aid to China in her defense. American volun-teer pilots cut dashing figures as they flew American P–40 Warhawks for the Chinese Air Force as the famed Flying Tigers. 
Ultimately, America’s defense of 
China led it to be attacked at Pearl Harbor and resulted in a brutal Pacific and Chinese theater of war during World War II. 
b2030 
The United States committed an en-
tire effort in China, with ‘‘Vinegar Joe’’ Stilwell as the commanding gen-eral; the building of the Burma Road; and by training, equipping, and launch-ing a Chinese Army to attack Japanese forces. Immigration restrictions that were imposed in 1882 were now finally repealed. America had sympathy for China’s struggle. 
By war’s end, China was an impor-
tant partner and ally. Her struggle did not end, however. Ripped again inter-nally by civil war once the Japanese were defeated, China would be led by Mao Zedong and the Communist Party. 
The United States did not recognize 
Communist China, but neither did it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.078 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3634 June 1, 2015 
materially aid fleeing Nationalist Chi-
nese on the continent. A period of iso-lation and strained relations with the United States began once again under Mao. 
In 1949, China began to arm Com-
munists in French Indochina. The U.S. became embroiled in a deadly struggle with North Korea and countered her assault in the south with an attack that pushed them all the way north to the Yalu River on the Chinese border. 
Alarmed, China struck back. For the 
first time since 1900, Americans and Chinese were fighting each other. By 1953, an uneasy line had settled on the Korean Peninsula. 
Chinese relations remained cool with 
the West, but were not always prom-ising with the Soviet Russia. When the U.S. fought in Vietnam, China contin-ued to arm and send troops to the Com-munist government of Ho Chi Minh. 
Then a series of odd events from 1969 
to 1971 brought Americans and Chinese back to warmer relations in the most unlikely way. When Soviet Russia at-tacked outposts on the northern border of China, Mao Zedong reassessed rela-tionships with the United States. 
He reasoned that China could not be 
isolated by both world powers. Over-tures from President Nixon in his inau-gural address and a series of ping-pong matches created dialogue for the first time in decades. 
In 1971, Henry Kissinger went on a se-
cret mission to China, opening the way for Nixon’s visit with Mao. Who would have thought that the man that shunned the United States in favor of 
communism and the President that built his reputation on fighting com-munism would both come to realize that our nations, despite their dif-ferences, needed each other. 
Mainland China was now officially 
recognized by the United Nations. The U.S. set up diplomatic offices. Trade agreements opened. Relations warmed by the 1980s, with state visits from both countries. As the horizon bright-ened and the Chinese people hoped, the Chinese Government cracked down on dissidents in Tiananmen Square. The U.S., alarmed, imposed sanctions and restrictions. 
Tensions loomed through the 1990s, 
culminating with the U.S. bombing of the Chinese Embassy in Belgrade, Ser-bia, in 1999, during the Kosovo cam-paign. 
Calmer heads prevailed and tensions 
eased. By 2001, trade restrictions were loosened once again. China pledged a deep commitment to fight the war on terror and committed material aid in great amounts for the effort. 
By 2006, China-U.S. relations deep-
ened under the strategic economic dia-logue. Business in both countries in-creased as commerce offered great eco-nomic opportunity for both countries. 
On the verge of a bright future, we 
now see today with timidity and fear, where we should see opportunity and favor with regard to China. 
China needs us, and we need China; 
yet we see, in the last week, Madam Speaker, a week of a barrage of nega-
tive press on China, covering every-thing from hedging them on trade, to condemning them and their develop-ment of island outposts in the China Sea, to framing them up as the new military threat that must be checked by the United States. 
Dialogue and diplomacy are cheaper 
than tanks and tomahawks. Does the United States really wish to believe that we can leave a capabilities-based military to create some new threat- based military and it would be in our favor? 
While China is not our enemy, we 
could certainly set the conditions to make them one in the future. It would be a tragic mistake. It would devour our diplomacy, drain our defense, and diminish our domestic priorities. 
Worse, it could set the course for 
some future horrific conflict between dozens of friendly nations that we cur-rently trade with, including China—in-cluding China. Where is the dialogue on including China in the Trans-Pacific Partnership? 
I have not heard it from this Cham-
ber or the White House. Sure, we claim they can join if they meet the stand-ard, only after we use every anti-Chi-nese statement in trying to make the case for the trade promotion authority. That is not very reassuring. 
Some say we must not include China 
at all in the Trans-Pacific Partnership because of their human rights record. Others object because they are a Com-munist nation. Others cite the fact that China has been our former enemy. 
Well, here are some thoughts to pon-
der. If we can forgive Germany and Japan for horrific human rights viola-tions in World War II, can we not reach out to China? If we can embrace former enemies who reformed their existing Communist governments, such as Viet-nam, can we not reach out to China? 
If we can turn former enemies, such 
as Great Britain, Canada, Mexico, Spain, the Philippines, Germany, Aus-tria, Hungary, Italy, Japan, and Viet-nam, into our top trading partners, can we not also reach out to China? 
China needs petroleum and natural 
gas, and we have plenty of it. We have both ready to export. China wants to lay thousands of miles of road in ambi-tious projects for her commerce. We have the raw materials for asphalt, in-dustry to make their road-paving ma-chines, and colleges to educate their engineers. 
Madam Speaker, we need China; 3.8 
million Chinese nationals live and work in the United States. That is more than the population of my home State of Oklahoma. China constitutes our greatest trading partner, working with thousands of businesses that bol-ster our economy and better our qual-ity of life. Our peoples are historically and deeply intertwined. We must pro-ceed with wisdom and caution. 
While we love trade and while we 
love economy, we can work out dif-ferences, rather than magnify them and deepen suspicion and concern. In-
stead, we can dialogue. 
The same standards that people often 
cite with regard to China and how she is stealing technologies or making shoddy goods were the same charges that we leveled against Japan in the 1960s and South Korea in the 1980s; yet we no longer have those concerns about those allies today with their incredible effort, economy, and technology. 
Our peoples are historically and deep-
ly entwined, the United States and China, and we must work hard to main-tain that. 
Madam Speaker, I would hope that 
our colleagues and our President would temper the rhetoric with regard to dis-cussions on trade and using it as some new effort to hedge or contain China, rather than to embrace and trade with that nation. 
Whatever differences we may have 
can be worked out in the spirit and good will of Lincoln. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
f 
THE CONGRESSIONAL BLACK 
CAUCUS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
WESTERMAN ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. K
ELLY ) 
is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers be given 5 days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, 
it is an honor and a privilege to once again have the opportunity to stand on the House floor and to anchor the Con-gressional Black Caucus’ Special Order hour with the distinguished gentleman from New Jersey. 
Today, we will discuss the many eco-
nomic challenges facing so many ev-eryday Americans; and, specifically, tonight, we want to examine some of the economic barriers, some of the pol-icy possibilities, and the outlook on job prospects for African Americans in dis-tricts that we represent across the country. 
It is worth beginning with the fact 
that we are now about 6 years removed from the end of what historians and economists deem the Great Recession. America’s economy has rallied. We have inched our way closer and closer to full recovery. In fact, the beginning of 2015 saw the most sustained period of job creation in this century. 
The fact remains that, in spite of the 
steady stream of progress and even in the midst of our positive job numbers, there are still too many people being left behind. Many of these people live in communities like the ones I rep-resent in Cook County and Kankakee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.080 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3635 June 1, 2015 
Many of these people can be found in 
urban, central, or rural America. 
I guarantee that we all know some-
one out there who is still in the midst of their own personal economic recov-ery. The fact remains that many com-munities of color are struggling might-ily in their recovery. In many Black and Brown neighborhoods, unemploy-ment remains at a crisis level—this, even as our economy continues to re-bound. 
I am reminded of a quote by a former 
National Urban League president and civil rights hero that the hardest work in the world is being out of work. That is something that I personally believe. 
So often, I will hear folks say that 
America’s unemployed have made a choice to not work, that vulnerable Americans looking for work are doing so because they have made poor deci-sions. We hear this time and time again, especially in this Chamber, about folks need to go pull themselves up by their bootstraps. 
I can tell you that I have seen people 
tug in vain on their bootstraps to no avail. Many families still need help in their recovery. As Representatives, we need to hear their cry and do more. 
Marc Morial, who has followed in the 
footsteps of Whitney Young and taken the helm of the National Urban League, was recently quoted as saying: ‘‘It is clear that for too many Blacks and Latinos, our Nation’s economic re-covery is only something they read or hear about.’’ 
America’s comeback is bypassing 
large swaths of people in Black and Brown neighborhoods, and that is dan-gerous not only to those communities, but to our Nation. A recovery that leaves millions of its citizens behind will ultimately threaten America’s sus-tained growth. 
Even before the Great Recession, 
Black unemployment has consistently been twice as high as White unemploy-ment. I think Congressman P
AYNE and 
my colleagues gathered here this evening would agree that we have to address this problem now. 
To again quote Mr. Morial, of the Na-
tional Urban League, ‘‘For Blacks and Latinos in America, the economic dev-astation of the Great Recession is as real today as it was when it began in 2007.’’ 
Consider these statistics on the eco-
nomic reality of many Africans Ameri-cans, according to a Brandeis Univer-sity study. A typical Black household has accumulated less than one-tenth of the wealth of a typical White one, and that number is getting worse. 
Over the past 25 years, the wealth 
gap between Blacks and Whites has nearly tripled. Now, this is largely be-cause homeownership among Blacks is so much lower. Housing is often Amer-ica’s greatest asset and a major compo-nent of their overall wealth. 
African Americans typically have 
lower incomes than Whites, which also makes it harder for them to save and build wealth. The median income for Black households is less than 60 per-
cent of that of White ones. Finally, the jobless rate for Black Americans is twice that of Whites. 
Mr. Speaker, the time to act is now. 
The necessity in responding to this economic crisis should be an American imperative. We cannot be limited by narrowly focusing on a pre-Recession economy. 
The Members of this House should be 
strategizing to support a bold and in-clusive economy that propels us into a sustainable future. More can be done by us, and this administration has proven to have been willing to take the positive steps necessary to put us on a more prosperous path. 
Regardless of where some of our col-
leagues are when it comes to the Presi-dent, I think we are all in agreement that more Americans in the workforce and more economic stimulation bene-fits all of us. 
b2045 
The question is still relevant: How do 
we create a stronger economy and a more perfect union? Where do we go from here? 
I am very pleased again to be joined 
tonight by my distinguished colleague from the Congressional Black Caucus as we discuss this important analysis of the economy and job opportunity in our communities. 
The insight and policy prescriptions 
are critical and valuable in our con-tinuing march toward a more perfect union. Let me first yield to the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ), 
my dynamic coanchor. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I first 
want to start by thanking my col-league from Illinois, Congresswoman K
ELLY , for coanchoring this Special 
Order with me. 
Thanks also to the members of the 
Congressional Black Caucus that will be joining us, and a special thanks to everyone watching at home. 
It is wonderful to be here to talk 
about our shared priorities. Tonight, as stated by my colleague, we are going to address two of the most pressing issues for African American communities, jobs and economic development. 
Since the Recession ended, much of 
the United States has experienced eco-nomic recovery. However, African American communities continue to face significant challenges to securing jobs, escaping poverty, and accumu-lating wealth. 
It is a disturbing and unacceptable 
reality and a reminder that Congress has a moral responsibility to create avenues of economic prosperity for Af-rican American communities. Our focus must be on the economic issues that matter most to African American communities, including employment, income, and wealth. 
According to an April report by the 
U.S. Congress Joint Economic Com-mittee, at 10.1 percent, the unemploy-ment rate for African Americans is double the rate for White Americans. African Americans are 2.5 times more 
likely than White Americans to face long-term unemployment, and over 20 percent of African Americans in their early twenties are still unemployed. This hurts earning prospects and long- term employment. 
Given the higher rates of unemploy-
ment in African American commu-nities, it is no surprise that African American communities also have lower incomes and less wealth, and African Americans are more likely to live and stay in poverty. 
According to the April Joint Eco-
nomic Committee report, the median income of an African American house-hold is only $34,600, almost $24,000 less than White households in this country. African Americans are almost three times more likely to live in poverty than White Americans. African Amer-ican households have 13 times less wealth than White households. 
In my State of New Jersey, the sta-
tistics are equally as grim. In New Jer-sey, the poverty rate for African Amer-icans hovers at 22 percent and is three times that of White Americans, at 6.6 percent. The unemployment rate for African Americans is 11.1 percent, and that is twice that of White Americans, at 5.5 percent. 
According to U.S. Census Bureau es-
timates, in New Jersey, in the 10th Congressional District, the unemploy-ment rate for African Americans is 19.1 percent, which was 2.5 times that of White Americans, at 7.5 percent. These glaring disparities betray the Amer-ican promise, that working hard leads to economic stability. 
African American women’s unem-
ployment today—more women are the primary breadwinners for their fami-lies than ever. In fact, 30 percent of women earn more than their husbands. Women make up nearly half of our Na-tion’s workforce. 
However, on average, full-time work-
ing women earn just 77 cents for every dollar a man earns, and African Amer-ican women earn just 64 cents for every dollar a man earns. 
African American women have been 
hit particularly hard by unemploy-ment. According to the National Wom-en’s Law Center, in April, African American women’s unemployment was at 8.8 percent, higher than the peak of total women’s unemployment during the Recession. Compare that to the 4.2 percent unemployment rate for White women and to the national unemploy-ment rate of 5.4 percent. 
We need a more widely shared recov-
ery. We cannot strengthen our house-holds or our economy when such large disparities exist. 
The Congressional Black Caucus is 
committed to tackling this challenge. The CBC has fought for much-needed investment in job training, in edu-cation, and in employment opportuni-ties to equip people of color and people from low-income communities with the skills needed to compete in today’s economy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.081 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3636 June 1, 2015 
Education is definitely key to this 
prosperity. It is best when we invest in it and make it possible for all young-sters—all Americans—to get a good education. 
Education is the path to success, but 
many people simply can’t afford it. Af-rican Americans lag sharply behind White Americans in educational at-tainment as well. It is a consistent theme that we hear—whether it is pov-erty, education, wealth, job opportuni-ties—that these communities lag be-hind. 
We need a strong nation, irrespective 
of what community you live in. Here in Congress and at this CBC, we fight every day to make sure that all Ameri-cans have an equal opportunity to prosper in this Nation. 
I see we have been very fortunate to 
be joined by several of our colleagues. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. It is my pleas-
ure and delight to yield to the gentle-woman from Oakland, California (Ms. L
EE), who always has great things to 
share with us. 
Ms. LEE. First, let me thank you, 
Congresswoman K ELLY and Congress-
man P AYNE , for hosting this Special 
Order. Your leadership is so important for these critical discussions. 
We are trying in many ways under 
your leadership to really tell the truth and let the entire country know ex-actly what the economic status is, what the job opportunities and edu-cational opportunities are in the Afri-can American community, and how those disparities continue to grow and, really, how we need to really do every-thing we can here to begin to close those gaps and disparities, so thank you very much once again. 
We stand here tonight to discuss eco-
nomic opportunity—of course, I have to say the lack of opportunity in the Black community. In recent months, we have seen communities across this country—including Baltimore and my hometown of Oakland, California, in my congressional district—demand an end to the systemic and institutional racial biases that plague our society. 
People, especially young people, are 
calling for an end to centuries of op-pression. They are fighting for equality of opportunity, the opportunity for every American to live the American Dream. 
Too many places in our Nation are 
tales of two cities. One city is bright, shiny, and new. It is home to new con-dominiums and fancy restaurants. The other city is left with boarded up stores, abandoned homes, and too many people without a job and without hope. 
I know Congresswoman K
ELLY , Con-
gressman P AYNE , Congressman 
JEFFRIES , myself, all of us represent 
these cities, these two cities within one context, one environment, one frame-work, one boundary. 
We all know that the inequality of 
opportunity really is not a new phe-nomenon. We have lived with these structural injustices for centuries, but it wasn’t until the race riots erupted in 
Watts, Chicago, and Detroit in 1968 that our government began to take some notice. 
After the riots, President Johnson 
convened the Kerner Commission to in-vestigate the root causes of the unrest. The Kerner report clearly showed a na-tion moving towards two societies: one Black, one White—separate and un-equal. While the Kerner report identi-fied the problem, our Nation failed to truly address it. There still is not lib-erty and justice for all. 
The Kerner report also called for bet-
ter training for police, new invest-ments in jobs and in housing, and the end of de facto segregation. Now, this report really could have been written last month. 
Sadly, nearly 50 years later, we still 
live in a country where the color of your skin and the ZIP Code in which you were born determines your future, but I am proud to be working with members of the Congressional Black Caucus to continue to address these persistent inequalities in our Nation by working on policies and programs to create economic growth, educational opportunities, and job opportunities. 
For example, we know that Black 
children are disadvantaged from day one. More than one in three Black chil-dren are born in poverty. That is one in three. In the world’s richest and most powerful Nation, a third of all African American children are forced to grow up with the harsh reality of poverty, day in and day out. This is outrageous. It is unacceptable. 
The cycle of poverty continues in the 
school systems that institutionalize this discrimination. While Black stu-dents represent just 18 percent of pre-school enrollment, they account for 42 percent of preschool student expul-sions. 
Can you believe that? Preschool stu-
dent expulsions—that is really a dis-grace. We are talking about kids ages 2 to 5 years old. These kids don’t even get a start, let alone a Head Start. What in the world are children that young doing being expelled from pre-school? 
Then in high school, the graduation 
rate for Black students is 16 points lower than the rate for their White peers. Black students are far less likely than their White counterparts to ob-tain a 4-year college degree, and the crisis and inequality extends from edu-cation to the economy itself. 
Over the past four decades, the unem-
ployment rate for Blacks has remained nearly double the rate for Whites. 
Today, the unemployment rate in the Black community stands at 10.1 per-cent; that is reported. Now, to put that into context, the current African American unemployment rate is higher than the national average was at the height of the Great Recession. 
In addition to higher unemployment 
rates, African Americans are also near-ly completely locked out of some key economic sectors, especially the tech sector. Only 1 in 14 technical workers in Sil-
icon Valley is African American or Latino. That is 1 in 14. That is why the CBC has launched the TECH 2020 initia-tive to work with the tech sector to in-crease workforce diversity and invest-ments in STEM education and to ex-pand market opportunities for busi-nesses to ensure that the jobs of today and tomorrow are open to all. 
For African Americans in the work-
force, our Nation’s inequalities are also evident in their paychecks. Congress-man P
AYNE just laid out the statistics 
for women. While women earn 77 cents on the dollar that a man earns, it is just 64 cents for African American women. The median income for Blacks is a mere $34,000. That is nearly $24,000 less than the median income for Whites. 
Most Black families hold their 
wealth in home equity, so the Great Recession hit the Black community particularly hard. Too many families lost everything, and many more Black families are struggling as home prices fail to keep pace with the stock mar-ket. Of course, the net worth now of African American families is now 6 cents to the dollar for White families. 
The time for action is now. These 
communities, our communities, cannot wait any longer. We must come to-gether like never before to address the inequalities in our Nation that leave Black families behind. 
In my role as co-chair of the CBC’s 
Task Force on Poverty and the Econ-omy and chair of the Democratic whip’s Task Force on Poverty, Income Inequality, and Opportunity, we are working very hard to give Black fami-lies a fair shot. We are talking about all families, not leaving any family be-hind. 
I am proud to be working with more 
than 100 of my colleagues to advance policies that build pathways out of poverty into the middle class for every-one, for all Americans. 
b2100 
Yes, Black lives, like all lives, do 
count. 
We have introduced the Half in Ten 
Act to develop a national strategy to cut poverty in half in the next decade. This bill would lift more than 22 mil-lion Americans out of poverty into the middle class in just the next 10 years by doubling down and coordinating proven antipoverty programs. 
The Congressional Black Caucus also 
took a stand on poverty in its alter-native budget proposal. We called for robust investments in education, infra-structure, and affordable housing pro-grams that would ensure opportunities for all. We must keep up this fight until Congress makes these long over-due investments. 
We need to strengthen the social 
safety net and invest in proven anti-poverty programs such as the earned income tax credit and the Supple-mental Nutritional Assistance Pro-gram. These were initiatives begun 50 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.082 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3637 June 1, 2015 
years ago under President Lyndon 
Johnson’s Great Society program, and they are working. 
We also need to raise the minimum 
wage and fight for a living wage. That is why we are cosponsors, and we are very proud to be cosponsors, of H.R. 122, the Original Living Wage Act, sponsored by Congressman A
LGREEN , 
which starts by raising the minimum wage for Federal workers and building up to a living wage. And Congressman 
B
OBBY SCOTT’s Raise the Wage Act, 
H.R. 2150, would increase the minimum wage to $12 by 2020. Thirty-five million Americans would benefit from this. 
Also we wrote a letter signed by 72 
colleagues urging the President to adopt a fair chance hiring policy at the Federal level for individuals who have been previously incarcerated. A fair chance hiring policy would level the playing field and help stop the cycle of recidivism that is plaguing our com-munities. This is simply the right thing to do. The Federal Government should not put up barriers to work for those trying to rebuild their lives after making a mistake and having paid their dues to society. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, I am saying to-
night, and I think all of us are saying, that we need to give families the op-portunity to build wealth and live the American Dream. We can end poverty not just in the African American com-munity, but in the entire United States as a whole. So we have got to keep call-ing for action. 
As Dr. King said in his ‘‘Two Amer-
icas’’ speech that he gave on April 14, 1968, at Stanford University, 1968, he said: ‘‘We must come to see that social progress never rolls in on the wheels of inevitability. It comes through the tireless efforts and persistent work of dedicated individuals.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, we must be those dedi-
cated individuals working for the so-cial progress that is so desperately needed. When you look at the analysis of the economy, job opportunities and educational opportunities in the Afri-can American community, we must win this fight because the gaps and the disparities are too great. Only then will America be strong, because we have to remember that we are a coun-try where everyone is equal under the law. In fact, when you have commu-nities with such horrible statistics as we are laying out tonight, such hor-rible economic and educational gaps, our country is not as strong as it could be. And so we are saying that we want liberty and justice for everyone, that all lives matter, including Black lives. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Thank you, 
Congresswoman L
EE. Thank you for 
your hard work, your dedication, and all of your insight. You are so right about ZIP Codes that determine so much, unfortunately. And we have to give every young child, every family, a fair chance, and hopefully we will see the day when some of the bills that we have put forward actually are brought to the floor and voted on in a positive way. So thank you so very much. It is now my pleasure and honor to 
call to the floor and introduce Con-gressman H
AKEEM JEFFRIES , from the 
great State of New York and the bor-ough of Brooklyn. Thank you H
AKEEM . 
Mr. JEFFRIES. I thank my good 
friend, the distinguished gentlewoman from Illinois, R
OBIN KELLY , for yield-
ing, for her very generous introduction, and certainly to my good friend and classmate, D
ONALD PAYNE , for co-an-
choring this Special Order. And as well, I want to acknowledge the presence of distinguished Congresswoman B
ARBARA  
LEEfrom California for her continued 
eloquence and contribution on such a significant issue. 
I really count it an honor and a privi-
lege to once again have the oppor-tunity to come to the House floor to participate in this Special Order hour, this CBC hour of power, co-anchored by the dynamic duo of D. P
AYNE and R. 
KELLY . We really appreciate their con-
tinued involvement, eloquence, and leadership in helping to articulate for the American people, as part of this conversation that we are able to have periodically, the issues of great impor-tance to the African American commu-nity, but issues that I believe are also of great importance to the broader American community. 
Poverty is an issue that certainly im-
pacts the city of Newark that Con-gressman P
AYNE represents, the city of 
Oakland that B ARBARA LEErepresents, 
the city of Chicago that Congress-woman K
ELLY represents, and part of 
the city of New York that I represent in part. Even though the ZIP Codes for those four particular municipalities may be different, the issues of lack of economic community opportunity, of course, are largely the same. Far too many people do not robustly have an opportunity to pursue the American Dream in a manner that is consistent with what America is supposed to be, a place where, if you just work hard and stay on the right path, you have an op-portunity to lift yourself up out of the station that you may have been born into in life. But we know, unfortu-nately, that race seems to play a role in that capacity to pull yourself up by your bootstraps. 
In fact, while one in three Whites 
who find themselves in poverty have the ability, it appears, to elevate them-selves out of it—and those numbers may even be a little higher—only one in five African Americans appear to have the capacity to lift themselves out of an impoverished condition that they find themselves in. 
Why that is the case is something 
that I think we need to be able to ex-plore, because regardless of race, it should be a matter of fact here in America that everyone has got a chance to be able to provide for their families to live a middle class lifestyle. 
Now, the interesting thing that I 
found upon my arrival here at the Con-gress is that issues related to poverty really shouldn’t be a Black issue or a White issue, a Democratic issue or a Republican issue. It shouldn’t be an 
urban issue or a rural issue. It is an American issue. In fact, when you look at what has often been defined as per-sistently poor counties, counties where 20 percent of the population have been below the Federal poverty line for 30 or more years, more of those persistently poor counties are actually represented 
in this wonderful body by Republicans than by Democrats. So for the life of me, I haven’t been able to figure out why we have not been able to come to-gether and find common ground to deal with the problem of poverty in Amer-ica, because this is not some narrow constituent issue that those of us in the Congressional Black Caucus happen to have and our friends on the other side of the aisle aren’t experiencing in terms of the people that they rep-resent. This is actually an issue that needs to be addressed by everybody. 
So I am hopeful that as we stand on 
this House floor, as we extend our hands out in partnership to the other side of the aisle, that we can begin to deal with some of these issues, like, for instance, giving America a raise. For the life of me, I haven’t been able to figure out why we would essentially en-dorse a policy, a minimum wage stand-ard that means you can work full-time, 52 weeks a year, 40 hours a week, and still, when raising a family of three or four, live below the Federal poverty line. Why aren’t we making work pay in America? 
Now, we are seeing that places like 
Los Angeles that recently raised the minimum wage to $15 an hour are lead-ing the way at the local level, and I guess that makes sense. Brandeis once said that State government, local gov-ernments, are laboratories of democ-racy, and here I found that the House is probably more like the lion’s den of de-mocracy. But it seems to me that we should be able to figure out a pathway toward dealing with some common-sense solutions to dealing with the eco-nomic problems that face everyday Americans, like investing in research and development, investing in edu-cation and job training, investing in technology and innovation, investing in transportation and infrastructure, and investing in the American worker in a way that makes sense because the deck has been stacked against him, the African American worker or the indi-vidual within the African American community that is desperately trying to seek work. 
We are suffering from double-digit 
unemployment in this recovery. When other communities seem to have been able to get back on track and our un-employment numbers are still higher than the collective number during the Great Recession, that is a scandal. We should all have a problem with that. 
But the deck generally is stacked 
against the American worker. Since the early 1970s, the productivity of the American worker has increased in ex-cess of 275 percent. American workers have been more productive over the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.084 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3638 June 1, 2015 
last 40-plus years, yet during that same 
time period, wages have increased less than 10 percent. They have remained stagnant. The deck is stacked. 
The increase in productivity of the 
American worker has gone to the privi-leged few, and we have seen that that has continued during this recovery where corporate profits are way up, the stockmarket is way up, and CEO com-pensation is way up, but people in the African American community and oth-ers are still struggling to be able to re-cover from the devastating impact that the collapse of the economy had on our community and on many communities throughout America. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I just want to thank 
my good friends for raising the issue, for once again standing before the American people to address this great issue of significance. 
We were all in recess over the last 
few days back at home, spread across the country, but now we have come back. We are here for 4 conservative weeks to do the people’s business, and I am hopeful we can figure out a way to deal with a laser-like focus the prob-lems confronting the persistently poor and those who are in the middle class or trying to become part of the great American middle class. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Thank you 
very much, Congressman J
EFFRIES . 
You always have great words, well thought out and so meaningful. I really appreciate your comments. 
With that, I would like to turn it 
over to the woman from the great State of Ohio, my colleague, my fresh-man colleague and now sophomore col-league, Congressman J
OYCE BEATTY . 
Mrs. BEATTY. Thank you to my col-
league, the gentlewoman from Illinois, and to my colleague, the gentleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the 
Congressional Black Caucus this evening for holding this Special Order hour focusing on the economy and job opportunities in our community. I know tonight that we will speak to America and to the folks in this Cham-ber talking about the issues that revolve around the economy and jobs and how it affects African Americans. 
I want to join my colleagues tonight 
and talk about those things that get in the way when we talk about our edu-cation system, when we talk about the young African Americans going to pris-on, and when we talk about the cost of higher education, Mr. Speaker. But I also want to say thank you, thank you to the HBC universities for educating African Americans. I want to say thank you to those African Americans who are in positions to help spur the economy, and having an African Amer-ican in the White House. That is be-cause along the way there has been hope and opportunity. 
b2115 
So before I talk about those things 
that get in the way, I want to make sure that we send the message to a 12- year-old boy in my district, to a fresh-
man in college, to individuals like my young nephew and my nieces and my grandchildren, that there will be hope and opportunity because there are Members in this Chamber and members in the Congressional Black Caucus who will come and stand up and build that hope and opportunity to make a dif-ference because we will come with re-solve. 
But tonight, I want to share that, 
while much has changed for African Americans since the 1963 March on Washington, one thing has not changed. The unemployment rate among Blacks is about double that among Whites, as it has been for al-most the past six decades. 
Mr. Speaker, the current unemploy-
ment rate for African Americans is 9.6 percent. This is nearly twice the 4.7 percent unemployment rate for White Americans. 
Although the national unemploy-
ment rate has continued to decline since 2008, a significant race gap still remains. African Americans are almost three times more likely to live in pov-erty than White Americans. 
African Americans, like all Ameri-
cans, want economic mobility, access to high wages, the ability to support themselves and their families in a mid-dle class lifestyle, while earning wages to allow for the accumulation of wealth. 
To move forward in creating eco-
nomic opportunities in the African American community, we must remain focused, focused as the members of the Congressional Black Caucus are, on how we can bridge the divides in our society, and how we can bring our Na-tion closer together. 
It is well established in the fact that 
students of color face harsher punish-ments in schools than their White peers, leading to a higher number of youth of color in detention, suspension, and even being expelled. 
African American students are ar-
rested far more often than their White classmates. Black and Hispanic stu-dents, Mr. Speaker, represent more than 70 percent of those in school-re-lated arrests or referrals to law en-forcement. African Americans make up two-fifths and Hispanics one-fifth of confined youth today. 
Disparities are found not only in how 
we punish behavior in our schools, but also how we fund education. This is true in K–12, and it is also true with higher education. 
While we know that a college degree 
is a path to a middle class life, African Americans are less likely to obtain education beyond high school than White students, and they are less like-ly to earn a degree. 
And for those African American col-
lege students who are able to make it to graduation, after graduating they graduate with more student debt than White students. Continued Federal and State cuts to tuition assistance, grant programs, and work study opportuni-ties continue to threaten African 
American access to a better education. 
We must confront these injustices 
head on. We have an obligation to find real solutions to these problems that 
have plagued our communities for gen-erations. We must promote policies that increase the pace of job creation, expand opportunities for the long-term unemployed to reenter the workforce. We must provide incentives for busi-nesses to hire and make investments in revitalizing schools, infrastructures, and our neighborhoods. 
Like we did 50 years ago as we were 
in Selma, we must continue to do that again today. We must continue to stand arm in arm so we can bring an end to the disparities that hold our hard-working families back from achieving the middle class dream and the dreams of all Americans that we all should be equal, Mr. Speaker. 
And again, to my colleagues, thank 
you for holding this Special Order hour. Thank you for working with the members of the Congressional Black Caucus and all of our colleagues so we could move forward and not have the disparities that you have heard about tonight. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Thank you 
Congresswoman B
EATTY , and thank 
you for your words, and also thank you for your insight, as well as our other colleagues that have shared this evening with us tonight. We really, really appreciate it. And we hope that when we come back next year this time that we can see some improvements and not have to talk about the same things over and over and over. We have heard back from 1968 some of the same statistics, and here we are so many years later still having to talk about the same thing. So we hope to see progress toward this economic sta-bility for the African American family. 
We have heard from my colleagues 
some staggering statistics. The story is even more disconcerting for our Na-tion’s youth. Workers 19 years old and younger are finding it more difficult than ever to find quality afterschool and summer employment. The unem-ployment rate for White youth age 16 to 19 stands at 14.5 percent—again, roughly half that of their Black teen-age counterparts, who have an unem-ployment rate of 27.5 percent. 
Over one in four Black teenagers who 
are looking for work are unable to find it. Over one in four. This is simply un-acceptable. As a Nation, we must do more to invest in underserved commu-nities and provide opportunities for self-empowerment and growth for our Nation’s youth. 
Denying African American teens a 
summer job could cause them to miss out on a lifetime of opportunities and experiences. Many high school students use the summer months to work and put money aside for college. But if there are no jobs to be found, Mr. Speaker, many students will be denied the opportunity to attend college and will forever be shut out from many op-portunities and will forever be shut out 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.085 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3639 June 1, 2015 
also from the many jobs that require a 
college degree. 
With college graduates earning an 
average of $45,000 per year, compared to those only with a high school diploma earning an average of $28,000 per year, lacking a college degree can set non-college graduates up for a lifetime of economic difficulties and frustrations. That is almost $1 million in lost wages over the course of a lifetime. 
I have been working in my district to 
connect employers with eager young employees. In April, I hosted my sec-ond annual Youth Employment Sum-mit, where local youth aged 15 to 24 could connect with area companies. Many were hired on the spot, and even more were scheduled interviews for jobs and internships this summer. 
But job fairs alone are not the an-
swer, Mr. Speaker. As a Nation, we need increased investment in job train-ing, infrastructure investment, and community development. In the long run, any economic growth that doesn’t allow for full participation of all Amer-icans, including those traditionally marginalized like minorities and young people, will not be sustainable. Our economy must work for everyone, not just a select few. 
Continuing to leave underserved 
communities behind will only perpet-uate and expand the great disparities in wealth between American citizens and continue to breed a cycle of pov-erty, violence, and a sense of helpless-ness in those communities. 
Reinvesting in our Nation’s youth 
and our Nation’s minority commu-nities is not only vital to our country’s economic health but to its public health as well. 
Lack of economic opportunity leads 
to violence, and violence only perpet-uates a lack of economic opportunity. The two go hand-in-hand, and, if not addressed, it will create a downward spiral, preventing any positive growth for our Nation’s youth and disadvan-taged communities. 
Mr. Speaker, tomorrow we will recog-
nize the first annual National Gun Vio-lence Awareness Day. Like many of my colleagues, I will wear orange. Orange is the color hunters wear to alert their companions of their presence, to avoid being shot. It is a warning color. Or-ange screams: ‘‘Don’t shoot.’’ 
Too many of my constituents often 
feel like they have to wear orange while walking down their block on Chi-cago’s South Side. In fact, tomorrow is Hadiya Pendleton’s birthday. As we all know, she was shot while playing in a park or running away. 
Mr. Speaker, I often say that nothing 
stops a bullet like a job. The surest way to decrease violence and increase economic prosperity in underserved communities is to expand access to jobs and education. 
Mr. PAYNE. I thank the gentle-
woman from Illinois and also the gen-tlewoman from Ohio for joining us this evening. Her thoughts and comments are always salient and to the point, and we appreciate her supporting us in 
this effort. We sophomores have to stick together. It is just always a de-light for me to be able to hear what Mrs. B
EATTY has to say in terms of the 
topics that we discuss. She has dem-onstrated true leadership in the CBC since her arrival. 
Mr. Speaker, this is the greatest Na-
tion on the face of the Earth, and there are many issues, many mottos, many sayings that go along with this Nation. And one of them is that all men are created equal. But why do we continue to find such gaps in all people being created equal and the circumstances some communities find themselves in? 
Like anyone, young African Ameri-
cans would like to grow up, educated well, raise their families, and eke out an income that sustains them and cre-ates a quality of life that all people de-serve. But that doesn’t happen. We have the haves and the have-nots, the 99 percent and the 1 percent. And too often it seems like that is what our Na-tion is built on. Sure, we talk about equality, we talk about equal rights, but for some reason, in many in-stances, it just doesn’t seem to fit the circumstance. 
Wages for working people have stag-
nated, as my colleague from New York said, over 15 years, but we have watched the top 1 percent make more and more money. Their quality of life is something people would dream about, hear about in fairy tales. But, no, some people are living that well while others struggle every single day. 
And what would it be in a Nation if 
we were held to these different virtues, to these different mottos, to these dif-ferent sayings? Well, it would mean, Mr. Speaker, that people needing food stamps wouldn’t be going up. That is not something people look forward to. That is a last-ditch effort to feed your family. That is desperation. That is not a goal to aspire to. 
Too many times we feel that people 
in this country that have not made it or have found it difficult to be success-ful, well, they are just not doing what they need to do. There are systemic structural circumstances in this Na-tion that keep people from attaining success. And until we deal with those issues, we will continue to see what we see. 
And let me just say that why 
wouldn’t we want more people to have prosperity? Why wouldn’t we want more people to be doing well? That means they are paying into the system, that they don’t have to rely on the sys-tem and take out of the system. The more people paying in, the more it re-duces the burden of the rest of us. I don’t see why that is not clear. 
I made the same example during our 
talks about the Affordable Care Act. The more people you have paying into the system, the less we have to pay be-cause, guess what. When there is some-one who is not paying into the system, guess who picks up the burden—the rest of us. b2130 
If you disburse that cost over more 
people—it is basic economics—guess what happens? It reduces it for every-one. 
Here we are in the greatest nation in 
the world—no question about it—and at times, we are talking around the world about how other countries should treat their people. You have to look inside, and people are able to point back at us and say: Wait a minute. Why do you have communities such as that? Why is there such dis-parity? How can you tell us when we see what is happening in your nation? 
Mr. Speaker, we can’t talk out of 
both sides of our mouths. If we are going to be the greatest nation, then we have to act like it and stand up and do the things that make it a great na-tion. 
There is no reason we cannot find a 
way out of this problem. We are able to create jobs as we have smart businesspeople throughout this Nation if there were an incentive for them to do it, but the status quo is all right with them because their value con-tinues to go up, that of the 1 percent, so why should they change? 
If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it. That is 
their motto. They are doing better and better while, for the rest of us, our quality of life goes down or remains stagnant. 
Mr. Speaker, this has had an adverse 
impact on African American busi-nesses, and in an increasingly con-nected economy, it is also detrimental to the broader economic growth in this country in that all people are not able to have a living wage or to take care of their families. 
I want to thank my colleague, Con-
gresswoman K
ELLY , for her leadership 
and for leading tonight’s Congressional Black Caucus’ Special Order hour. 
In closing, as we welcome the contin-
ued recovery and growth of our econ-omy, we must keep in mind that work remains to build an equal society and to expand opportunities for African Americans across the country. African American communities are not sharing in the economic recovery. 
We have a moral obligation to tackle 
the economic challenges facing Black communities and to create avenues of economic prosperity for all Americans. The CBC will be at that fight for as long as necessary. It is our agenda that works for all Americans, African Amer-icans, Hispanic Americans, White Americans. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Thank you, 
Congressman P
AYNE . 
Mr. Speaker, I, too, want to thank 
my colleagues for giving the Congres-sional Black Caucus and this Congress the opportunity to put the important economic concerns of this Nation’s in the spotlight this evening. Millions of Americans are living on the brink. 
These aren’t merely concerns for 
these individuals and their families; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.086 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3640 June 1, 2015 
they are national concerns. I have al-
ways believed that what makes our Na-tion great is our recognition that ev-eryone should have the ability to live and rise to their full potential. Eco-nomic parity is one of the most funda-mental issues facing us as a nation right now. 
I hope, in this hour, we have appro-
priately shed some light on some of the concerns of the Congressional Black Caucus when it comes to the economy and to job opportunities in our commu-nities—or the lack of them. 
Again, I want to thank my coanchor, 
the Honorable Donald Payne, Jr., who himself is a strong defender of the eco-nomic possibilities of Newark, of Or-ange, and of communities across New Jersey’s 10th Congressional District. 
I will close as I began this evening in 
saying that the time to act is now. The necessity in responding to the eco-nomic crises of Black employment and underemployment should be an Amer-ican imperative. The time is now to support a bold and inclusive economy that propels us into a sustainable fu-ture. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with my colleagues of the Congressional Black Caucus in opposi-tion to income inequality in the United States. As millions of Americans remain without work, while others are underpaid or underemployed, it is imperative that we address the growing threat to our country that is income inequality. 
Since the 1970s, we have witnessed a dan-
gerous trend develop where wage growth for middle and lower income households has be-come stagnant while incomes at the very top continue to rise sharply. From 1973 to 2005, real hourly wages for the top 10 percent rose by 30 percent or more, whereas the bottom 50 percent of all Americans experienced only marginal real wage increases of a little more than 5 percent. 
The income gap is further amplified when 
comparing races. Overall, Caucasian males earn a median income of more than $40,000 per year while African American males aver-age roughly $30,000 during the same time pe-riod. Hispanic Americans average just over $26,000 each year. These discrepancies by race are particularly alarming, considering that these figures are even lower for women. 
The percentage of wealth controlled by the 
richest Americans is another disturbing fact that is often overlooked. The top 1 percent of Americans own 40 percent of our entire na-tion’s wealth, while the bottom 80 percent of Americans share only 7 percent of the nation’s wealth. In historical terms, the last time our nation faced such a wide income gap was dur-ing the 1920s leading up to the Great Depres-sion. 
Mr. Speaker, while Congress struggles with 
raising the minimum wage, millions of working individuals and families across the country continue to struggle with stagnant pay and ris-ing inflation. Until we take a serious look at comprehensive reform to curb income inequal-ity, the consequences will continue harming our communities of color, and prove cata-strophic for our nation’s economy. LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. J
OLLY (at the request of Mr. 
MCCARTHY ) for today on account of a 
flight delay. 
Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia (at the request 
of Ms. P ELOSI ) for today. 
Ms. C ASTOR of Florida (at the request 
of Ms. P ELOSI ) for today on account of 
her daughter’s high school graduation. 
Mr. C LYBURN (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today and June 2. 
Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas (at the re-
quest of Ms. P ELOSI ) for today on ac-
count of a delayed flight. 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE(at the request of 
Ms. P ELOSI ) for today and the balance 
of the week on account of official busi-ness. 
Mrs. N
APOLITANO (at the request of 
Ms. P ELOSI ) for today. 
Mr. T AKAI (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today on account of attend-
ing daughter’s graduation. 
f 
SENATE BILL REFERRED 
A bill of the Senate of the following 
title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 246. An act to establish the Alyce Spot-
ted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Children, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE 
PRESIDENT 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported that on May 22, 2015, she pre-sented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
H.R. 2496. To extend the authorization for 
the replacement of the existing Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Den-ver, Colorado, to make certain improve-ments in the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014, and for other pur-poses. 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
further reported that on May 26, 2015, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bill: 
H.R. 2353. To provide an extension of Fed-
eral-aid highway, highway safety, motor car-rier safety, transit, and other programs fund-ed out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1690. To designate the United States 
courthouse located at 700 Grant Street in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Joseph F. Weis, Jr. United States Courthouse’’. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I 
move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 9 o’clock and 35 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, June 2, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morn-ing-hour debate. EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1660. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-
retary, Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General James M. Kowalski, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieuten-ant general on the retired list; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
1661. A letter from the Director, Regula-
tions Policy and Management Staff, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — Re-quirements for Blood and Blood Components Intended for Transfusion or for Further Man-ufacturing Use [Docket No.: FDA-2006-N-0040 (formerly Docket No.: 2006N-0221)] (RIN: 0910- AG87) received May 29, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
1662. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the ‘‘Iran-Related Multilateral Sanctions Regime Efforts’’ report, pursuant to Sec. 10(a) of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996, as amended (50 U.S.C. 1701 note); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
1663. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-67, ‘‘Prohibition of Pre-Employ-ment Marijuana Testing Act of 2015’’, pursu-ant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1664. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-68, ‘‘Events DC Technical Clari-fication Amendment Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1665. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-69, ‘‘Workforce Job Development Grant-Making Reauthorization Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1666. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-70, ‘‘Soccer Stadium Develop-ment Technical Clarification Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1667. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-71, ‘‘Medical Marijuana Supply Shortage Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1668. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-72, ‘‘Jubilee Maycroft TOPA No-tice Exemption Temporary Act of 2015’’, pur-suant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
1669. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Purchase Price Safe Harbors for sec-tions 143 and 25 (Rev. Proc. 2015-31) received June 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
1670. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Applicable Federal Rates — June 2015 (Rev. Rul. 2015-14) received June 1, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01JN7.088 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3641 June 1, 2015 
1671. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Credit for Renewable Electricity Pro-duction and Refined Coal Production, and Publication of Inflation Adjustment Factor and Reference Prices for Calendar Year 2015 (Notice 2015-32) received June 1, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. SESSIONS: Committee on Rules. 
House Resolution 287. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2577) mak-ing appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban De-velopment, and related agencies for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, and providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 2578) making appro-priations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–135). Re-ferred to the House Calendar. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. CHABOT (for himself and Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia): 
H.R. 2584. A bill to regulate certain State 
taxation of interstate commerce, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. ISRAEL (for himself and Ms. 
M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico): 
H.R. 2585. A bill to amend title II of the So-
cial Security Act to eliminate the five- month waiting period in the disability insur-ance program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. CHABOT (for himself and Mr. 
C
ONNOLLY ): 
H.R. 2586. A bill to amend the Export En-
hancement Act of 1988 to make improve-ments to the trade promotion policies and programs of the United States Government; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. CHABOT (for himself and Mr. 
L
ARSEN of Washington): 
H.R. 2587. A bill to further enhance the pro-
motion of exports of United States goods and services, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. ALLEN (for himself, Mr. 
C
RAMER , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. B OST, Mr. 
WESTMORELAND , Mr. R ICEof South 
Carolina, Mr. B UCK, Mr. W ILSON of 
South Carolina, Mr. B ISHOP of Geor-
gia, and Mr. M ESSER ): 
H.R. 2588. A bill to reform the H-2A pro-
gram for nonimmigrant agricultural work-ers, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina: 
H.R. 2589. A bill to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 to require the Federal Com-munications Commission to publish on its Internet website changes to the rules of the Commission not later than 24 hours after adoption; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. GIBSON (for himself and Mr. 
C
OURTNEY ): H.R. 2590. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to include certain individ-uals who work on farms or ranches as indi-viduals who are employed in public service jobs for purposes of eligibility for loan for-
giveness under the Federal Direct Loan pro-gram; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. ISRAEL (for himself, Mr. M
UR-
PHYof Pennsylvania, Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. 
BORDALLO , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. 
HONDA , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
and Mrs. D INGELL ): 
H.R. 2591. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow taxpayers to des-ignate overpayments of tax as contributions and to make additional contributions to the Homeless Veterans Assistance Fund, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois (for 
himself and Mr. A
LLEN ): 
H.R. 2592. A bill to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 to require the Federal Com-munications Commission to publish on the website of the Commission documents to be voted on by the Commission; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. LATTA: 
H.R. 2593. A bill to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 to require identification and description on the website of the Federal Communications Commission of items to be decided on authority delegated by the Com-mission; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. M
ACARTHUR: 
H.R. 2594. A bill to amend the Robert T. 
Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act to ensure that the receipt of certain loans provided by the Small Business Administration does not violate the prohibi-tion against receiving duplicative financial assistance in the case of a disaster; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Ms. NORTON (for herself, Mr. C
ON-
NOLLY , Mr. B EYER , Ms. E DWARDS , and 
Mr. V ANHOLLEN ): 
H.R. 2595. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to establish a nationally sig-nificant Federal lands and tribal projects program, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
By Mr. NUNES: 
H.R. 2596. A bill to authorize appropria-
tions for fiscal year 2016 for intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Community Man-agement Account, and the Central Intel-ligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself, Mr. 
K
IND, Mr. S HIMKUS , and Mrs. M IMI 
WALTERS of California): 
H.R. 2597. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to promote health care technology innovation and access to medical devices and services for which patients choose to self-pay under the Medicare pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-
ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. POLIS (for himself and Mr. 
P
ERLMUTTER ): 
H.R. 2598. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to establish requirements relat-ing to marijuana-impaired driving, to direct the Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to issue com-prehensive guidance on the best practices to prevent marijuana-impaired driving, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. ROUZER: 
H.R. 2599. A bill to prohibit the obligation 
of certain funds until the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency with-draws the rule relating to the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States‘‘; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Agriculture, Transportation and Infrastructure, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SHERMAN (for himself and Mr. 
G
RAYSON ): 
H.R. 2600. A bill to address the concept of 
‘‘Too Big To Fail’’ with respect to certain fi-nancial entities; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. 
By Mrs. TORRES (for herself and Mr. 
H
OYER ): 
H.R. 2601. A bill to amend the Workforce 
Innovation and Opportunity Act to establish a pilot program to facilitate education and training programs in the field of advanced manufacturing; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
By Mrs. MILLER of Michigan: 
H. Con. Res. 54. Concurrent resolution au-
thorizing the reprinting of the 25th edition of the pocket version of the United States Con-stitution; to the Committee on House Ad-ministration. 
By Mrs. LAWRENCE: 
H. Res. 286. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that investing in the Nation’s skilled workforce is investing in the nation’s economy, and that in accordance with existing law, the House of Representatives should promote public and private partnerships to increase training programs, tax incentives, industry and State apprenticeships, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. CHABOT: 
H.R. 2584. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress shall have power to lay and 
collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States. 
By Mr. ISRAEL: 
H.R. 2585. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L01JN7.000 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3642 June 1, 2015 
By Mr. CHABOT: 
H.R. 2586. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. CHABOT: 
H.R. 2587. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. ALLEN: 
H.R. 2588. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have the Power . . . To 
establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization, and uniform Laws on the subject of Bank-ruptcies throughout the United States 
By Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina: 
H.R. 2589. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The authority to enact this bill is derived 
from, but may not be limited to, Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. 
‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-
tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes;’’ 
By Mr. GIBSON: 
H.R. 2590. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. ISRAEL: 
H.R. 2591. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8. 
By Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois: 
H.R. 2592. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution 
By Mr. LATTA: 
H.R. 2593. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: Congress 
shall have the Power . . . ‘‘to regulate Com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
By Mr. M
ACARTHUR: 
H.R. 2594. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The General Welfare Clause (Article 1, Sec-
tion 8, Clause 1) and the Necessary and Prop-er Clause (Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18) 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 2595. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 17 of section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution. 
By Mr. NUNES: 
H.R. 2596. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The intelligence and intelligence-related 
activities of the United States government are carried out to support the national secu-rity interests of the United States, to sup-port and assist the armed forces of the United States, and to support the President in the execution of the foreign policy of the United States. 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States provides, in pertinent part, that ‘‘Congress shall have power . . . to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States’’; ‘‘ . . . to raise and support armies . . .’’; ‘‘To provide and maintain a Navy’’; ‘‘To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces’’; 
and ‘‘To make all laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers and all other Pow-ers vested in this Constitution in the Gov-ernment of the United States, or in any De-partment or Officer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. PAULSEN: 
H.R. 2597. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. POLIS: 
H.R. 2598. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. 
Constitution (relating to the general welfare of the United States); and Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution (relating to the power to regulate interstate com-merce). 
By Mr. ROUZER: 
H.R. 2599. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution states that ‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States or in any Department of Officer thereof’’ 
By Mr. SHERMAN: 
H.R. 2600. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mrs. TORRES: 
H.R. 2601. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 6: Mr. F LORES , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, 
Mr. G IBSON , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. B ENRAY 
LUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. W ALZ, Mr. C ASTRO  
of Texas, Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. F RANKEL of Flor-
ida, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. C OSTA , 
Mrs. W AGNER , and Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illi-
nois. 
H.R. 169: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. 
YOUNG of Alaska. 
H.R. 232: Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York and Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  
of New Mexico. 
H.R. 265: Ms. D EGETTE . 
H.R. 275: Ms. S PEIER . 
H.R. 288: Mr. S TIVERS . 
H.R. 320: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 359: Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD and Mr. C ARTER of Texas. 
H.R. 402: Mr. W ENSTRUP . 
H.R. 425: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 465: Mr. R OKITA . 
H.R. 503: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. 
H.R. 511: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. 
H.R. 525: Ms. S PEIER . 
H.R. 540: Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Ms. 
BROWN of Florida, Mr. J OYCE , Mr. Y OHO, and 
Mr. F RANKS of Arizona. 
H.R. 551: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
York. 
H.R. 590: Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 592: Ms. B ASS, Mr. W ALKER , Mr. 
TONKO , and Mr. T URNER . 
H.R. 602: Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 607: Mrs. T ORRES and Mr. S TIVERS . 
H.R. 662: Mr. F INCHER . 
H.R. 664: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. 
H.R. 699: Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 702: Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, 
and Mr. L UCAS . 
H.R. 706: Ms. B ROWN of Florida. 
H.R. 712: Mr. C RAWFORD . 
H.R. 721: Mr. G UINTA and Mr. H ARDY . 
H.R. 742: Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 767: Mr. K ATKO , Ms. K APTUR , and Mr. 
SEANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. 
H.R. 789: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 793: Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York and Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 815: Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. 
AGUILAR , and Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 825: Mr. R ATCLIFFE . 
H.R. 835: Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 842: Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C OOK, and Mr. 
RICEof South Carolina. 
H.R. 855: Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H.R. 879: Mr. N EWHOUSE and Mr. S TIVERS . 
H.R. 921: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 932: Ms. A DAMS . 
H.R. 952: Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 953: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. 
H.R. 985: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. S MITH of Texas, and Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 986: Mr. P OSEY , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. 
YOHO, Mr. R OONEY of Florida, and Mr. 
MULVANEY . 
H.R. 995: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 997: Mr. B ISHOP of Utah and Mr. D UN-
CANof Tennessee. 
H.R. 1027: Mr. E LLISON and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 1057: Mr. C APUANO . 
H.R. 1062: Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1073: Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. R OEof 
Tennessee, Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mrs. B LACK -
BURN , and Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 1089: Ms. S INEMA , Mr. K INGof New 
York, and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 1101: Ms. S PEIER . 
H.R. 1142: Mr. H ASTINGS and Ms. J ENKINS of 
Kansas. 
H.R. 1178: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. R ANGEL , Mrs. 
ELLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. L ONG, and 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1185: Mr. J OYCE , Ms. E STY, and Mr. 
HUFFMAN . 
H.R. 1190: Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 1202: Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, 
Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. 
HUFFMAN . 
H.R. 1209: Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California 
and Mr. H ECKof Washington. 
H.R. 1210: Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 1247: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and 
Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 1270: Mr. R OYCE . 
H.R. 1275: Mr. B EYER and Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 1276: Mr. S CHIFF and Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 1277: Mr. H UFFMAN and Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 1278: Mr. B EYER , Mr. G RIJALVA , and 
Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 1283: Mr. F LEISCHMANN . 
H.R. 1288: Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 1299: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. 
MURPHY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1301: Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. K ATKO , 
Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. J ONES , Mr. 
ROKITA , and Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H.R. 1308: Mr. B LUMENAUER and Ms. 
DELBENE. 
H.R. 1310: Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 1321: Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 1336: Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 1338: Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. R OSS, Mr. 
GRAVES of Missouri, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. S IRES, 
Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, and Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 1340: Mr. R EED, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
COFFMAN , and Mr. F ARR. 
H.R. 1343: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, Mrs. B EATTY , and 
Mr. H ECKof Washington. 
H.R. 1344: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. T HOMP -
SONof California, and Mr. S TIVERS . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN7.022 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3643 June 1, 2015 
H.R. 1369: Mr. F ORTENBERRY . 
H.R. 1375: Mr. D OLD, Mr. W ELCH , Ms. 
KUSTER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. H ECKof Washington, Mr. N OLAN , 
Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, and 
Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 1389: Mr. G OSAR and Ms. J ENKINS of 
Kansas. 
H.R. 1413: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia and Mr. 
NEWHOUSE . 
H.R. 1424: Mr. S HUSTER and Mrs. B LACK . 
H.R. 1427: Mr. J OYCE , Mr. H ECKof Wash-
ington, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. A LGREEN of 
Texas, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. T HOMPSON of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. H ANNA , and Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 1439: Ms. A DAMS . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. H INOJOSA , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. 
GOWDY , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. H URDof Texas, Ms. 
KAPTUR , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
YARMUTH , and Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 1478: Mrs. R OBY. 
H.R. 1486: Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan. 
H.R. 1504: Mr. H ARDY . 
H.R. 1516: Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. 
COURTNEY , and Mr. K INGof Iowa. 
H.R. 1519: Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. H UFFMAN , and Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 1528: Mr. M ARINO . 
H.R. 1547: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 1559: Mr. J ONES , Mr. T AKAI, Mr. 
DUFFY , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. C OFFMAN , and Mr. 
BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1567: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. V EASEY , and Mr. C APUANO . 
H.R. 1575: Mr. R UIZ. 
H.R. 1599: Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. W ENSTRUP , 
Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, and Mr. C OLLINS of 
Georgia. 
H.R. 1602: Ms. B ROWN of Florida. 
H.R. 1603: Mr. D OLDand Mr. R ICEof South 
Carolina. 
H.R. 1604: Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. B UCK, Mr. 
YODER , and Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 1614: Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 1624: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina 
and Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 1634: Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.R. 1655: Ms. K APTUR , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
and Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 1670: Mr. C APUANO . 
H.R. 1684: Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 1718: Mr. B YRNE . 
H.R. 1725: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts and 
Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 1742: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 1752: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska and Mr. 
KINZINGER of Illinois. 
H.R. 1769: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. S ARBANES , 
Mr. S CHIFF , and Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 1786: Mr. D ENT, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
CAPUANO , and Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 1818: Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 1854: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida and Mr. 
GUINTA . 
H.R. 1877: Mr. T HOMPSON of California and 
Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 1899: Mr. G RAYSON and Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 1900: Ms. N ORTON and Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 1901: Mr. G RIFFITH . 
H.R. 1919: Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut. 
H.R. 1941: Mr. R OTHFUS , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. 
YOHO, Mr. N UGENT , Mr. J OLLY , and Ms. J EN-
KINS of Kansas. 
H.R. 1948: Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. 
LANGEVIN . 
H.R. 1964: Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 1977: Mr. C ICILLINE and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 1994: Mr. T HORNBERRY , Mr. S ALMON , 
Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, 
and Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 1996: Mr. K INGof Iowa. 
H.R. 1998: Mrs. L OWEY and Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H.R. 2009: Mr. G ALLEGO . 
H.R. 2014: Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. B EATTY , and 
Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 2016: Mr. O’R OURKE , Ms. B ORDALLO , 
and Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 2025: Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York. H.R. 2072: Ms. P INGREE , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 2100: Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. R OSS, Mr. G IB-
SON, Ms. T SONGAS , and Mr. N ADLER . 
H.R. 2126: Mr. W ESTMORELAND . 
H.R. 2140: Mr. M EADOWS . 
H.R. 2152: Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York. 
H.R. 2191: Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 2193: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 2205: Mr. M EEKS . 
H.R. 2216: Ms. D ELAURO and Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN. 
H.R. 2233: Mr. C OHEN and Mrs. B LACK . 
H.R. 2248: Mrs. C APPS . 
H.R. 2259: Mr. C ULBERSON . 
H.R. 2272: Mr. H UELSKAMP . 
H.R. 2275: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2278: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. 
H.R. 2290: Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. H ANNA , and 
Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 2300: Mr. L ONG. 
H.R. 2302: Ms. F UDGE . 
H.R. 2309: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 2315: Mr. M ARINO , Mr. H ENSARLING , 
Mr. F INCHER , Mr. T ROTT , and Mr. S MITH of 
Missouri. 
H.R. 2360: Mr. C OFFMAN , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , 
and Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2368: Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York. 
H.R. 2380: Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. M ICHAEL F. 
DOYLE of Pennsylvania, and Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 2382: Mr. J OYCE . 
H.R. 2400: Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas and 
Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia. 
H.R. 2404: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. 
KELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2410: Ms. M OORE , Mr. R ANGEL , and Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD . 
H.R. 2418: Mr. C URBELO of Florida. 
H.R. 2450: Ms. S INEMA , Mr. I SRAEL , and Mr. 
SMITH of Washington. 
H.R. 2461: Mr. P ERLMUTTER and Mrs. C APPS . 
H.R. 2490: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama and Mr. 
RENACCI . 
H.R. 2493: Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-
ico, Mr. C APUANO , and Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 2498: Mr. D ELANEY . 
H.R. 2500: Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 2505: Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 2510: Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas and 
Mr. B LUM. 
H.R. 2516: Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 2523: Mr. T URNER , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. 
KINZINGER of Illinois, Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. 
DENT, and Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. 
H.R. 2545: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. I SRAEL , and 
Mr. D EUTCH . 
H.R. 2551: Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 2555: Mr. R OONEY of Florida. 
H.R. 2563: Ms. N ORTON . 
H.J. Res. 22: Mr. S COTT of Virginia and Mr. 
MEEKS . 
H.J. Res. 51: Mr. L EWIS. 
H. Con. Res. 30: Mr. L UCAS . 
H. Res. 12: Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . 
H. Res. 112: Mr. P ETERS . 
H. Res. 139: Mr. D OLD. 
H. Res. 207: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia and Mr. 
RYANof Ohio. 
H. Res. 230: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. 
DELBENE, and Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H. Res. 279: Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H. Res. 282: Mr. L ANCE and Mr. H ANNA . 
f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 2036: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. 
f 
AMENDMENTS 
Under clause 8 of rule XVIII, pro-
posed amendments were submitted as follows: H.R. 2578 
OFFERED BY : MRS. BLACKBURN  
AMENDMENT NO. 1: At the end of the bill, 
before the short title, insert the following: 
Sec. ll. (a) Each amount made available 
by this Act, except those amounts made available to the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion, is hereby reduced by 1 percent. 
(b) The reduction in subsection (a) shall 
not apply with respect to the following ac-counts of the Department of Justice: 
(1) ‘‘Fees and Expenses of Witnesses’’. (2) ‘‘Public Safety Officer Benefits’’. (3) ‘‘United States Trustee System Fund’’. 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY : MR. KING OF IOWA 
AMENDMENT NO. 2: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
Sec. lll . None of the funds made avail-
able by this Act may be used for the legal de-fense of individuals who are unlawfully present in the United States. 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY : MR. KING OF IOWA 
AMENDMENT NO. 3: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
Sec. lll . None of the funds made avail-
able by this Act may be used with respect to the case State of Texas, et al. v. United States of America, et al. (No. B–14–254 in the United States District Court for the South-ern District of Texas and No. 15–40238 in the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit). 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY : MS. BONAMICI  
AMENDMENT NO. 4: Page 14, line 1, after the 
dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $21,559,000) (increased by $21,559,000)’’. 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY : MS. BONAMICI  
AMENDMENT NO. 5: Page 15, lines 16, 19, and 
20, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(increased by $380,000,000)’’. 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY : MR. ROUZER  
AMENDMENT NO. 6: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
Sec. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the State of North Carolina to implement any State law or rule that establishes or governs a logbook reporting requirement for fisherman of any kind. 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY : MR. BABIN 
AMENDMENT NO. 7: Page 58, line 20, after 
the dollar amount insert ‘‘(reduced by $103,700,000)’’. 
Page 61, lines 10 and 12, after the dollar 
amount insert ‘‘(increased by $67,000,000)’’. 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY : MR. KING OF IOWA 
AMENDMENT NO. 8: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
Sec. l. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to negotiate, par-ticipate, finalize, or communicate with any other country’s representatives about trade agreements that include provisions relating to visas issued under section 101(a)(15)(L) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(L)). The limitation de-scribed in this section shall not apply in the case of an administration of a tax or tariff. 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY : MS. BONAMICI  
AMENDMENT NO. 9: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
Sec. ll. None of the funds made available 
in this Act to the Department of Justice 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN7.040 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3644 June 1, 2015 
may be used to prevent a State from imple-
menting its own State laws that authorize the use, distribution, possession, or cultiva-
tion of industrial hemp, as defined in section 7606 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Public 
Law 113–79). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN7.009 H01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3373 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JUNE 1, 2015 No. 86 
Senate 
The Senate met at 12 noon and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. God of all mercies, in whose love and 
wisdom lies all our hope, still our anx-ious hearts as we bring our weakness to Your might, our failure to Your perfec-tion, and our smallness to Your great-ness. From a world with its tragedies and setbacks, we turn for this hallowed moment to be still and know that You are God. 
Continue to sustain our lawmakers. 
Save them from the dangers that lurk in a flawed judgment of confused reck-oning and a narrow outlook. Bless the members of their staffs who labor with them to keep our Nation strong. 
And, Lord, comfort the Biden family 
and all those who are grieving the loss of Beau Biden. 
We pray in Your merciful Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
HELLER ). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
USA FREEDOM ACT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, last 
night the Senate voted to advance the House-passed FISA bill. We will have a vote on that legislation as soon as we can. On our way there, we should take 
some commonsense steps to ensure the new system envisioned by that legisla-tion—a system we would soon have to rely upon to keep our country safe— will, in fact, actually work. The amendments filed last night would help do just that. 
For example, one amendment would 
ensure that there is adequate time to build and test a system that doesn’t yet exist. One amendment would en-sure that there is adequate time to build and test a system that doesn’t even exist yet. Another would require that once the new system is actually built, the Director of National Intel-ligence reviews it and certifies that it actually works. I will say that again. The second amendment would require that once the new system is actually built, the Director of National Intel-ligence reviews the new system and certifies that it will actually work. Amendment No. 3 would require simple notification if the providers decide to change their data-retention policies. It will just require them to notify us if the providers decide to change their data-retention policies. Three amend-ments to improve the bill. 
These fixes are common sense, and 
whatever one thinks of the proposed new system, there needs to be basic as-surance that it will function as its pro-ponents say it will. The Senate should adopt these basic safeguards. 
I had hoped to see committees work-
ing hard to advance bipartisan, com-promise FISA legislation this week, which is why I had offered several tem-porary extensions of the existing pro-gram to allow the space for that to occur. But these proposed short-term extensions were either voted down or objected to, including a very narrow extension of some of the least con-troversial tools contained within the program that we are considering. 
So this is where we are. It now falls 
on all of us to work diligently and re-sponsibly to get the American people the best outcome that can be reason-
ably expected in this reality with which we are confronted. That is my commitment, and I know many of my colleagues share it as well. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
JOHNSON ). Under the previous order, 
the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The Senator from Florida. 
f 
REMEMBERING BEAU BIDEN 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I wish 
to speak about the FISA bill, but be-fore I do, I want to express what is in every one of our hearts—our grieving with the J
OEBIDEN family. That family 
has had more than its share of tragedy, but what it has produced is, in the case of Beau Biden, an extraordinary public servant who served his country not only by elected office but by serving in uniform as well. 
Most of us in this Chamber know the 
Biden family. The dad and the now mom, J
OEand Jill, are extraordinary 
human beings who have contributed so much. It is not necessarily easy to be in public service as long as the Vice 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN6.000 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3374 June 1, 2015 
President has been and still raise a 
family that is so extraordinarily ac-complished and contributes so much. Then to have that eldest son taken from him is like a dagger into our hearts. 
So we grieve with the family. We 
grieve for them and with the Nation. I just wish to put that on the record. 
f 
NATIONAL SECURITY 
LEGISLATION 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, we are 
here because the Senate is not func-tioning. We were here last night be-cause the Senate is not functioning. Oh, it is functioning according to the rules, which say that you have to go through this arcane procedure of clo-ture on the motion to proceed and get 60 votes before you can ever get to the bill. Once you get to the bill, then you file another motion for cloture. The Senate rules say that there are 30 hours that have to run unless, as has been typical of Senate business, there is comity, there is understanding, and there is bipartisanship. But one Sen-ator can withhold unanimous consent, and that has been done—so the 30 hours. 
Now, normally that may be standard 
procedure for the Senate, but it is get-ting in the way of our national secu-rity. At midnight last night the law that allows our intelligence commu-nity to track the emails and the phone calls of the terrorists evaporated. It won’t be reenacted until sometime later this week because of the lack of unanimous consent. 
But this Senator from Florida is not 
putting it at the feet of just the one Senator who is withholding the unani-mous consent. This Senator from Flor-ida is saying that this should have been planned on over a week ago. This Sen-ator is saying that we should have gone through the laborious procedures—not assuming that we were going to have the votes last night, not assuming that there was going to have comity and unanimous consent. This Senator thinks that we should have done this because of the urgency of national se-curity. 
It is interesting that this Senator 
from Florida comes to the floor with mixed feelings. I voted for the Leahy bill, which is identical to the House bill, but I did that because we didn’t have any other choice. When I had an-other choice, I voted for Senator B
URR’s—the chairman of the Senate In-
telligence Committee—version, which was to continue existing law. I did so because I clearly thought that was in the interests of our national security. 
But since that is not the prevailing 
vote of the Senate, we need to get on with it and pass the House bill. Then I would urge the chairman of the Intel-ligence Committee, who is on the floor, that—down the line—the 6-month tran-sitional period from the old law to the new law be extended with a greater transition time to 12 or 18 months. I would further urge the chairman of the 
Intelligence Committee that as to a major flaw in the bill passed by the House, which we will eventually pass this week, we add to it a requirement for a certain amount of time that the telephone companies would have to keep those telephone business records, so that if there is an urgency of na-tional security going through the FISA Court, those records would be available to the intelligence community to trace the telephone calls of the terrorists. That would be my recommendation, and I see the chairman nodding in somewhat agreement. 
I hope we will get on. I hope better 
hearts and minds will prevail and that we can collapse this period of darkness where there is no law governing emails, phone calls, cell phones, et cetera, as we try to protect ourselves from the terrorists. 
I would hope that this would be col-
lapsed into a much shorter time in-stead of having to wait until late Tues-day or Wednesday or Thursday of this week. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that all morning busi-ness time be yielded back and the Sen-ate resume consideration of H.R. 2048. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
USA FREEDOM ACT OF 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 2048, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2048) to reform the authorities 
of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, con-duct electronic surveillance, use pen reg-isters and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for for-eign intelligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
McConnell/Burr amendment No. 1449, in 
the nature of a substitute. 
McConnell amendment No. 1450 (to amend-
ment No. 1449), of a perfecting nature. 
McConnell amendment No. 1451 (to amend-
ment No. 1450), relating to appointment of amicus curiae. 
McConnell/Burr amendment No. 1452 (to 
the language proposed to be stricken by amendment No. 1449), of a perfecting nature. 
McConnell amendment No. 1453 (to amend-
ment No. 1452), to change the enactment date. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I rise while 
my good friend from Florida is on the floor to say that I wish I could have a magic wand with which I could collapse this time. But as he knows, under Sen-ate rules, one Member can demand for the full 30 hours, and we are in a proc-ess like that. My hope is that there will be accommodation as we go through this because I think most Members would like to resolve this. 
Let me say specifically to his two 
points that there is a substitute amendment that has the USA FREE-DOM language with two additional pieces. Those two pieces are a 6-month notification to NSA by any telecom company that intends to change its re-tention program. As my good friend from Florida knows, in part, trying to move a bill is making sure we move a bill that can be passed and accepted by the House of Representatives. Manda-tory retention right now does not meet that threshold. But I hope they will ac-cept this requirement of notification of any change in their retention program, as well as a DNI certification at the end of whatever the transition period is. 
Now, there will be a first-degree and 
a second-degree amendment, in addi-tion to that, made in order and ger-mane. The first-degree amendment will be to extend the transition period to 12 months. So we would go from 6 months—not to 2 years, as my col-league from Florida and I would prefer, and not to 18 but to 12. I think that is a happy spot for us to agree upon. 
Then there will be a second-degree 
amendment to that to address some language that is in the bill that makes it mandatory on the part of the Justice Department that they get a panel of amicus individuals. What we have heard from the Justice Department and gotten a recommendation on is that that be voluntary on the part of the courts. We will second-degree that first-degree amendment with that lan-guage provided to us by the courts. 
I would like to tell my colleague that 
by tomorrow afternoon, I hope, we can have this complete and send it to the House, and by the time we go to bed to-morrow night this might all be back in place. 
I remind my colleagues that any law 
enforcement case that was in progress is not affected by the suspension of the roving or ‘‘lone-wolf’’ provisions. They are grandfathered in so those inves-tigations can continue. But for the 48 hours we might be closed, it means they are going to delay the start of an investigation, if in fact they need those two tools. 
From the standpoint of the bulk data 
program, it means that is frozen. It can’t be queried for the period of time, but it hasn’t gone away. Immediately, as we reinstitute the authorities in this program, that additional data will be brought in and the process that NSA would go through to query the data 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01JN6.003 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3375 June 1, 2015 
would, in fact, be available to the Na-
tional Security Agency only—as is cur-rent law—once a FISA Court provides the authority for them to do it. 
I think there are a lot of 
misstatements that have been made on this floor. Let me just state for my col-leagues what is collected. What is metadata? It is a telephone number, it is a date, it is the time the call was made, and it is the duration of the phone call. 
Now, I am not sure how we have in-
vaded anybody’s privacy by getting a telephone number that is deidentified. We don’t know who it belongs to, and we would never know who it belongs to until it is turned over to law enforce-ment to investigate because it has now been connected to a known foreign ter-rorist’s telephone number. 
Stop and think about this. The 
CFPB—a government agency—collects financial transactions on every Amer-ican. There is nobody down here trying to eliminate the CFPB. I would love to eliminate the CFPB tomorrow. But there is no outrage over it, and they collect a ton more information that is not deidentified. It is identified. 
Every American has a discount card 
for their grocery store. You go in and you get a discount every time you use it. Your grocery store collects 20 times the amount of data the NSA does—all identified with you. There is a big dif-ference between the NSA and your gro-cery store: We don’t sell your data at the NSA; your grocery store does. 
Now, I am for outrage, but let’s make 
it equal. Let’s understand we are in a society where data is transferred auto-matically. The fact is, No. 1, this is a program authorized by law, overseen by the Congress—House and Senate— and the executive branch at the White House. It is a program that has never had—never, never had—a privacy viola-tion, not one, in the time it has been in place. 
Now, I am all for, if the American 
people say this is not a function we be-lieve government should be in—and I think that is what we have heard—and we are transferring this data over to the telecom companies, where no longer are there going to be a limited number of people who can access that information. We are going to open it up to the telecom companies to search it in some way, shape or form. Whether they are trained or untrained or how exactly they are going to do it, it is going to delay the amount of time it will take us to connect a dot to an-
other dot. 
Mr. NELSON. Will the Senator yield 
for a question? 
Mr. BURR. I will be happy to yield. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, this is a 
good example of the chairman of the intel committee, a Republican, and this Senator from Florida, a Democrat and a former member of the intel com-mittee, agreeing and being so frus-trated—as was just exemplified by the Senator from North Carolina—that there is so much misunderstanding of what this legislation does. The fact is, as the chairman has just 
said, ‘‘metadata’’—a fancy term—is nothing more than business records of the telephone company. A telephone number is made to another telephone number on such and such a date, at such and such a time, for such and such duration. That is all. We don’t know whom the call was from or to. It is when there is the suspicion, through other things that are authorized by court order, that the analyst can get in and open up as to what the content is in order to protect us. 
Would the Senator from North Caro-
lina agree there is so much misunder-standing in the press, as has been re-ported, about how this is an invasion of privacy, as if the conversations were the ones that were being held by the National Security Agency? Would the Senator agree with that statement? 
Mr. BURR. I would agree exactly 
with that statement. The collection has nothing to do with the content of a call. To do that would take an inves-tigation into an individual and an addi-tional court process that would prob-ably be pursued by the FBI, not the NSA, to look at the content. 
I think when the American people see 
this thing dissected, in reality, they will see that my telephone number without my name isn’t really an intru-sion, the time the call was made really isn’t an intrusion, the duration of the call really isn’t an intrusion, and now I know they are not collecting any-thing that was said, that there is no content in it and that this metadata base is only telephone numbers. 
There is a legitimate question the 
American people ask: Why did we cre-ate this program? Well, it was created in the Department of Defense. It was transferred over to the intelligence community. The purpose of it was in real time to be able to search or query a massive amount of data. 
A few weeks ago, we, the United 
States, went into Syria and we got a bad guy. And we got hard drives and we got telephones and we got a lot of SIM cards. Those telephone numbers now, hopefully—don’t know but hopefully— we are testing them in the metadata base to see if those phones talked to anybody in the United States. Why? I think the American people want us to know if terrorists are talking to some-body in this country. I think they real-ly do want us to know that. 
What we have tried to do since 9/11 is 
to structure something that lives with-in the law or a Presidential directive that gives us that head start in identi-fying who that individual is. But we only do it through telephone numbers, the date of the call, and the length of the call. We don’t do it through listen-ing to content. 
That is why I think it is healthy for 
us to have this debate. I think my good friend from Florida shares my frustra-tion. We are changing a program that didn’t have a problem and didn’t need to be changed, and we are accepting a lower threshold of our ability to inter-cept that individual in the United 
States who might have the intention of carrying out some type of an attack. 
Now, I would only say this. I don’t 
believe the threat level has dropped to a point where we can remove some of the tools. If anything, the threat level has gotten higher, and one would think we would be talking about an expan-sion of tools. But I accept the fact that this debate has gotten to a point where a bulk data storage capacity within the government is not going to be contin-ued long term. 
I would say to my good friend, who I 
think agrees with me, that although I believe 24 months is a safer transition period, hopefully our friends in the House will see 12 months as a good agreement between the two bodies. That 12-month agreement I think would give me confidence knowing we have taken care of the technology needed for the telecoms to search in real time their numbers. 
Now, make no mistake, this will be a 
delay from where we currently are. I can’t get into the classified nature of how long it takes us to query a data-base, given the way we do it, but there is no question this will lengthen the amount of time it takes us to connect the dots. Therefore, for something that might be in an operational mode, we may or may not hit that. That is a con-cern. But this is certainly something we can go back and look at as time goes on. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, if the 
Senator will further yield. 
Mr. BURR. Absolutely. Mr. NELSON. Has the Senator heard 
many times from the press: Well, no-body has come forward and shown us one case in which the holding of these telephone business bulk records has paid off. Has the Senator heard that statement by the press? 
Mr. BURR. The Senator has heard 
that statement by the press and has heard it made by Members of this body. 
Mr. NELSON. Has the Senator come 
to the conclusion that with regard to the holding of that data and the many cases that are classified, that that data has protected this country from terror-ists by virtue of just the example he gave of terrorist records apprehended in the raid in Syria a couple of weeks ago and that those telephone numbers may well be like mining gold in finding other terrorists who want to hit us? 
Mr. BURR. The Senator hits on a 
great point, and let me state it this way. Would any Member of the Intel-ligence Committee be on the floor bat-tling to keep this program, if, in fact, in our oversight capacity, we had looked at a program that was abso-lutely worthless? Would we expend any capital to do that? The answer is, no, we wouldn’t. 
We are down here battling on the 
floor, those of us either on the com-mittee or who have been on the com-mittee since 9/11, because we have seen the impact of this program. We know what it has enabled us to do and we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01JN6.005 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3376 June 1, 2015 
know what happens when we get a 
trove of technology in our hands that gives us the ability to see whether it was tied to somebody—whether we knew about them or we didn’t. 
The fact is, when you have groups 
such as ISIL today, that are saying on social media: Don’t come to Syria, stay in the United States, stay in Europe, go buy a gun, here are 100 law enforce-ment officers, here are 100 military folks, that is how you can carry out the jihad, it makes the use of the tool we are talking about even more impor-tant because no longer do we get to look at no-fly lists, no longer do we get to look at individuals who have trav-eled or who intend to travel to Syria. It is individuals who grew up in neigh-borhoods that we never worried about. And the only way we will be able to find out about them is if we connect the conversation they have had or just the fact that a conversation took place, and then law enforcement can begin to peel the onion back with the proper authorities—the proper court order—to begin to look at whether this is a person we need to worry about. 
The Senator from Florida is 100 per-
cent correct that this is invaluable to the overall defense of this country. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, if the 
Senator will further yield, and I will conclude with this. 
The American people need to under-
stand there is so much agreement be-hind the closed doors on the Intel-ligence Committee, as they are in-vested with the oversight of what is going on in order to protect our blessed country. My plea now is we would get to the point that as the chairman has suggested, even by waiting until to-morrow, we can collapse this time and get on to passing this by sending down some minor modifications to the House that they can accept, then get it to the President so this important program that tries to protect us from terrorists can continue. 
I thank the Senator for yielding. Mr. BURR. I thank my good friend 
from Florida for his willingness to come to the floor and talk facts. 
I see my good friend from Arizona 
here. Before I yield, let me just restate what the Senator from Florida asked me, which was, geez, we need a longer transition period and we need some-thing addressed on the data that is held. 
I say for my colleagues that there 
will be three votes at some point. One will be on a substitute amendment. It has the exact same language as the USA FREEDOM bill. It makes two changes to the USA FREEDOM bill. It has a requirement that the telecoms notify the government 6 months in ad-vance of any change in the retention program for their data, which I think is very reasonable. The second would be that it requires the Director of Na-tional Intelligence to certify, on what-
ever the transition date is, that the software that needs to be provided to the telecoms has been provided so that search can go through. In addition to that, there will be two 
other amendments. The first will deal with expanding the transition period from the current 6 months in the USA FREEDOM bill to 12 months. Again, I would have preferred 24 months. We have settled on 12 months. The last thing is that it would change the cur-rent amicus language in the bill to re-flect something provided to us by the courts. It was the court’s recommenda-tion that we change it. This would be easier to fit within a program that has a time sensitivity to it. 
So as we go through the debate 
today, as we go through tomorrow, hopefully we will have three amend-ments that pass, and we can report this bill out shortly after lunch tomorrow if everything works well. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to address the Sen-ate as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
TRIBUTE TO BOB SCHIEFFER  
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I wish to 
pay tribute today to CBS broadcaster Bob Schieffer, who retired yesterday as the moderator of the most watched Sunday news show, ‘‘Face the Nation,’’ after a career in journalism that lasted more than half a century. Bob reported from Dallas that terrible weekend President Kennedy was assassinated. At that time, he was with the Fort Worth Star Telegram. He was CBS’s Pentagon correspondent, congressional correspondent, White House cor-respondent, and chief Washington cor-respondent. He anchored the ‘‘CBS Evening News’’ at a time of transition and turmoil at the network. For 24 years he moderated ‘‘Face the Nation,’’ which became more popular every year Bob ran the show. He tried to retire be-fore, several times. CBS begged him to stay. That is an impressive run by any-one’s standards, all the more so consid-ering Bob is probably the most re-spected and popular reporter in the country. 
Familiarity might not always breed 
contempt, but it is certainly not a guarantee of enduring public admira-tion—except in Bob’s case. The public’s regard for Bob Schieffer never seemed to waver or even level off. He grew in stature the longer his career lasted. Not many of us can say that. The se-cret to his success, I suspect, is pretty simple: Americans just like Bob Schieffer. They like him a lot and trust him. That is pretty rare in his profes-sion, which, like ours, has fallen pre-cipitously in recent years in the es-teem of the American people. I think it is attributable to the personal and pro-fessional values he honestly and seem-ingly effortlessly represented, old-fash-ioned values that in this modern com-munications age make him stand out. 
Bob is courteous and respectful to 
the people he reports on and inter-views. There are people in his profes-sion who disdain that approach to jour-
nalism, but I doubt they will ever be as good at the job as Bob Schieffer was. He looked to get answers to questions the public had a right and a need to have answered. He was dogged in pur-suit of those answers, and more often than not he succeeded. But he wasn’t sarcastic or cynical. He wasn’t rude. He didn’t show off. He didn’t do ‘‘gotcha’’ journalism. He was fair, he was honest, and he was very good at his job. He asked good questions, and he kept ask-ing them until he got answers. He was determined to get at the truth not for the sake of one-upping you or embar-rassing you but because that was a journalist’s responsibility in a free so-ciety. If he caught someone being eva-sive or dishonest or pompous, he would persist long enough for them to expose themselves. He didn’t yell or talk over them or insult them. He didn’t need to. 
I don’t know how he votes. Most peo-
ple in his profession have political views to the left of my party, and it wouldn’t surprise me if Bob does, too. Almost all reporters claim they keep their personal views out of their re-porting, but not many do it success-fully, be they liberal or conservative. The best do, and Bob Schieffer is the best. I never once felt I had been treat-ed unfairly by him because he dis-agreed with me. I think most Repub-licans Bob interviewed would say the same. 
He moderated Presidential debates 
without receiving any criticism—or at least any deserved criticism—for load-ing his questions with his own views or mediating exchanges between can-didates to favor one over the other. He was the model of a successful moder-ator, intent on informing the elec-torate, not drawing attention to him-self. That is not to say he didn’t make an impression on his audience. He did. He impressed them, as he always did, with his fairness, his honesty, and his restraint. 
It is no secret that I have made an 
occasional appearance on a Sunday morning show. No doubt I have enjoyed those experiences more than some of my colleagues have enjoyed watching them. Some people might think I should take up golf or find something else to do with my Sunday mornings. I may have to now that Bob has retired. 
I have appeared on ‘‘Face the Na-
tion’’ over 100 times—more than any other guest. I acknowledge there are viewers who would prefer to see some-one else claim that distinction. Too bad. I have the record, and I think I will have it for a while. I am kidding— sort of. But I am not kidding about my appreciation for Bob Schieffer and the opportunity he gave me and everyone who appeared on his show to commu-nicate our views on issues without a third party editing or misconstruing them and to have those views tested by a capable, probing, and fair inter-viewer, which Bob Schieffer certainly was. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01JN6.006 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3377 June 1, 2015 
He is something else, too, in addition 
to being a very good and very fair re-porter. He is a good guy. And there are never enough of those around. I am going to miss spending the occasional Sunday morning with him. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING BEAU BIDEN  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I gath-
ered Saturday night in Springfield, IL, with my wife and a group of close friends at the retirement party of Ann Dougherty, who served me so well here in the Senate office and in the congres-sional office in Springfield. It was a great night with a lot of enjoyment. That was interrupted by the sad news of the passing of Beau Biden. One of my other staffers came up and said that Beau Biden had passed away here in Washington on Saturday evening. 
Beau, of course, the oldest son of 
Vice President J
OEBIDEN, had been 
suffering from a serious cancer ill-ness—brain cancer—for some period of time. Most of us knew there was some-thing terribly wrong when we ap-proached the Vice President about his son’s illness, and J
OE—the Vice Presi-
dent—in very hushed terms would say, ‘‘Pray for him.’’ 
We knew he was in a life struggle, 
but the fact that he would lose his life Saturday evening at age 46 is a per-sonal and family tragedy. It is a trag-
edy which is compounded by the ex-traordinary person Beau Biden was. This young, 46-year-old man had achieved so many things in life. First and foremost, he had married Hallie—a wonderful marriage, two beautiful chil-dren. He was part of that expanded and warm Biden family. 
He was known to most people around 
America by his introduction of his fa-ther at the Democratic National Con-vention. It was not a customary polit-ical introduction; it was an introduc-tion of love by a son who truly loved his father. Beau Biden told the story of his mother’s untimely death in an auto accident with his sister and how he and his brother Hunter had survived and drew closer to their father as they grew up. 
Jill Biden married J
OEat a later 
date, and the family expanded. As you watched this family in the world of pol-itics, they were just different. They were so close and loving of one another that you knew there was an extraor-dinary bond there. 
Beau Biden made his father proud 
and all of us proud in the contributions he made, first as attorney general in 
Delaware and then in his service with the Delaware National Guard, actually being posted overseas in harm’s way and earning a Bronze Star for the ex-traordinary service he gave to our country. That is why his loss is felt on so many different levels. This life was cut short—a life which could have led to so many great things in public serv-ice beyond his service to the State of Delaware. But, in a way, it is a mo-ment to reflect on this family, this Biden family. 
I have been in politics for a long 
time, and I have met a lot of great peo-ple in both political parties, extraor-dinary people. I have never met some-one quite like Vice President J
OE 
BIDEN. 
A friend of mine, a colleague from Il-
linois, Marty Russo, served in the U.S. House of Representatives for several decades. He was a friend of J
OEBIDEN’s. 
When Marty Russo’s son was diagnosed with leukemia, Marty Russo called J
OE 
BIDEN, who was then a Senator from 
Delaware. J OEBIDEN not only called 
Marty Russo’s son but continued to call and visit him on a regular basis. 
His empathy and caring for other 
people is so extraordinary. I don’t know that there is another person quite like him in public life. The only one I can think of who rivaled him was Ted Kennedy, who had the same empa-thy. And, as I reflect on it, both of them had in their lives examples of personal tragedy and family tragedy, which I am sure made them more sen-sitive to the losses and suffering of oth-ers. 
J
OEBIDEN is the kind of person who 
does things in politics that really are so unusual in the level of compassion he shows. I can recall one time a year or two ago when we were setting out on a trip together that was canceled at the last minute. I called him and said: I am sorry we can’t go together. I had hoped during the course of that trip to ask you to make a special phone call to the mother of one of my staffers who was celebrating her 90th birthday. 
She was the wife of a disabled World 
War II veteran who had raised a large Irish Catholic family, the Hoolihan family, and I wanted J
OEBIDEN to wish 
her a happy birthday. 
Well, we didn’t make the trip and I 
didn’t get a chance to hand him the phone, but he took down the informa-tion, and as soon as he hung up the phone from talking to me, he called her. 
He was on the phone with her for 30 
minutes, talking about her family, his family, and thanking her for making such a great contribution to this coun-try. It is the kind of person J
OEBIDEN 
is and Jill, his wife, the same. How many times in my life and in others has she stepped forward to show a car-ing heart at a moment when it really, really counted. 
The loss of Beau Biden is the loss of 
a young man who was destined for even greater things in public life, but it is another test of a great family, the 
Biden family, a test which I am sure they will pass and endure, not without a hole in their hearts for the loss of this great young man but with a grow-ing strength that brings them together and inspires the rest of us to remember the real priorities in life—love of fam-ily and love of those who need a caring heart at an important moment. 
UKRAINE , LITHUANIA , AND POLAND  
Mr. President, I just returned from a 
visit to Ukraine, Lithuania, and Po-land this last week. I went there to as-sess the ongoing Russian threat to our friends and NATO partners in Eastern Europe. What I saw was uplifting but deeply disturbing. 
Most urgently is the so-called Minsk 
II treaty agreement reached in Feb-ruary between Russia, Ukraine, Ger-many, and France to bring an end to the fighting in Eastern Europe. This agreement was supposed to end the bloodshed in Ukraine, allow for the re-turn of prisoners, ensure a pullback of heavy weapons, begin preparations for local elections, and return control of Ukraine’s borders to the Ukraine. 
I am sorry to report that this agree-
ment has not lived up to its promise. The blame rests squarely, and not sur-prisingly, with the invading forces of Russia. Not only does fighting continue in Ukraine on a regular basis but Reu-ters recently reported that Russia is amassing troops and hundreds of pieces of weaponry, including mobile rocket launchers, tanks and artillery at a makeshift base near the Ukrainian bor-der. 
The equipment, along with Russian 
military personnel, had identifying marks and insignia that the Russians tried to remove to try to hide their real culpability. At this point, perhaps the only people in the world who do not believe Russia is behind the mayhem, human suffering, and displacement of innocent people in eastern Ukraine are the Russian people who have been lied to over and over again about what is actually going on with this invasion of Ukraine. 
President Putin has repeatedly lied 
to his own people about Russian sol-diers fighting in Ukraine. He has lied to them about what started this con-flict, and he has lied to them about the treatment of ethnic Russians outside of Russia’s borders. Yet, as more and more Russian soldiers have been killed in fighting, Putin has struggled to ex-plain this dangerous and cynical ca-nard to the families of those killed in the war. 
Most recently, last week, he even 
went so far as to make it illegal in Russia to report war deaths—incred-ible. 
Yet, while I was there—as if anyone 
needed proof—two Russian soldiers were captured deep inside of eastern Ukraine. They had killed at least one Ukrainian soldier, and when it ap-peared they were about to be caught— listen to this—when it appeared they were about to be captured by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01JN6.007 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3378 June 1, 2015 
Ukrainians, they were fired upon by 
their own Russian forces, an effort to kill them before they could be cap-tured. These soldiers have disclosed that they are in the Russian military and carried ample evidence on their persons to support the now obvious truth that Russia is squarely behind perpetuating this invasion and conflict. 
Mr. Putin, if you are going to drag 
your country into war to perpetuate your own political power, you ought to at least have the honesty to tell the Russian people the truth about that war, particularly those families of Rus-sian soldiers most affected by this con-flict. Going back to the old Soviet playbook of lies and disinformation is an insult to the Russian families whose 
young men are being sent into your war. 
So it is clear the Minsk agreement is 
in jeopardy. It is critical that the Eu-ropean Union now renew its sanctions in response to Russia’s illegal aggres-sion. We in the United States should continue to work with our key NATO allies to ensure that Ukraine succeeds as a free democratic state and that NATO members are protected against Russian provocations—more on that in a moment. 
Not everything in Ukraine is nega-
tive. The new government coalition is working tirelessly to reform the nation and provide a model of free market de-mocracy on Russia’s borders. Perhaps that is why Putin is trying so hard to undermine Ukraine. Decades of corrup-tion, bribery, inefficiency, and bu-reaucracy are being tackled by this new government. Security services are being reformed. Ukrainians are start-ing to free themselves from the stran-glehold of dependence on Russian nat-ural gas. 
Keep in mind all of this is occurring 
while Russia has largely destroyed a key industrial section in Ukraine. Try to imagine rebuilding a neglected and corrupted economy in the midst of fighting a war against one of the world’s superpowers, Russia, and losing key engines of a nation’s economy. That is what the Ukrainians are up against. They have risked so much for a better future; one that is open and connected to the rest of the free world. Why this was and is such a threat to Russia I will never fully understand. 
I will say one thing that Mr. Putin 
did not count on. His invasion of Ukraine has unified that country in a way that I could not have imagined even last year. You see, there was a question which direction Ukraine would go, West or East. The people of Ukraine stopped the former Prime Minister, Yanukovych, in his efforts to move toward Moscow believing that their future should be in the West, but there was divided opinion even within Ukraine until Vladimir Putin invaded. At that point, the people of Ukraine re-alized their future was in the West. They looked to the West, to the Euro-pean Union, to America, not only for support in this conflict but for inspira-tion as to what their future may hold. I was proud to see what our Nation 
has been doing in Ukraine. Under President Obama, we have provided sig-nificant nonlethal supplies and assist-ance to Ukraine and its military. In fact, we lead the world in supporting Ukraine’s efforts to revitalize their economy and to strengthen their mili-tary. We have led that fight on estab-lishing sanctions on Russia and mak-ing sure they are not lifted until Rus-sia stops this invasion. 
In the town of Lviv, in western 
Ukraine, we have 300 U.S. Army per-sonnel training Ukrainian National Guardsmen. I had the privilege of meeting with our forces, our American forces, these trainers and the trainees. I must say it was amazing. 
Now, listen, some of these Ukrainian 
National Guardsmen whom we are training had just returned from battle in the eastern part of Ukraine. One had been captured by the Russians for 5 days. They had been under gunfire and fighting in combat against the Rus-sians and their skilled military who are being sent into an area called the Donbass. 
After they were relieved from that 
responsibility in the east, they were brought back west to this training camp with America’s best in terms of our Army leadership. It turns out the basic training these Ukrainians should have had before they went into battle was never given to them. So now, com-ing back from battle, our soldiers were trying to give them the basic training to make sure they could survive if sent to battle again and bring home their comrades in the process. They were deeply, deeply grateful for that train-ing, and our men and women working there to train them were so proud to be part of this effort. I commend this ef-fort. I thank the President for extend-ing America’s hand to help the Ukrain-ian military be trained so they can sur-vive and repel this Russian aggression. 
I went on to Lithuania and Poland. It 
was also clear the Russian bullying and aggression is not limited to Ukraine. In both Lithuania and Poland, these frontline NATO partners face a steady stream of Russian vitriol and military threats. Russian planes recklessly buzz NATO airspace, Russian leaders make threats of capturing cities like Vilnius, the capital of Lithuania, and dangerous missiles were moved into the Russian region of Kaliningrad, bordering both Lithuania and Poland. All the while, a steady stream of sophisticated yet crude Russian propaganda flows from its state-run media services. 
I happened to be in Berlin at an 
Aspen conference not that long ago— just a few months ago—when we were moving NATO equipment and forces in a parade—a scheduled parade—of our military in NATO through Poland and the Baltics. There was a cable channel called RT, which stands for Russia Today, that was broadcasting what they called protesters protesting the presence of NATO soldiers and equip-ment. RT reported that these pro-testers were holding signs—and they 
showed small groups of them—saying, ‘‘NATO, stop your invasion of the Bal-tics.’’ 
Well, it turns out that was a phony. 
When I went there, I got the real story. In every town these NATO forces went through with their equipment, they were welcomed like conquering heroes. Women were holding out flowers and candy, and children were applauding as they went by, holding flags of Poland and of the United States. But RT, the Russia Today cable channel, was trying to twist the story and make it look as if the U.S. presence there was resented, when in fact it was welcomed. 
The stakes here are very high. Putin 
is pumping Russian language incite-ment into areas of Europe where ethnic Russian populations live. He is pro-moting a message of victimhood and trying to justify further belligerence. What an insult to the talented and proud and outstanding Russian people. 
I was pleased to see that the U.S. and 
NATO forces are maintaining regular rotations in these frontline nations. We are boosting our Baltic Air Patrol to protect the airspace and working with NATO allies to boost their own de-fenses. 
One of the most amazing things in 
both Lithuania and Poland was the un-equivocal request of the governments in those countries for the United States to have an even larger military presence in those countries. They are worried. They want to make sure NATO is there if they need it, and they think as long as the United States is there, they have more confidence about their future. 
I had to tell them we are having our 
budget issues here. We are not talking about expanding U.S. military bases anywhere in the world at this point. We are trying to maintain our own military. It was heartwarming to think that they still believe in the United States as the one 911 number in the world that you want to call if you ever have a challenge. 
It is a dangerous and tragic state of 
affairs in this part of the world. I was glad to see it firsthand and to reassure those leaders in Poland, Lithuania, and Ukraine that the United States shares their values and cares for their future. 
What we have seen is an effort by 
Putin to undermine decades of security arrangements in Europe while perpet-uating an insulting image of victimhood. He has challenged the en-tire West and its democratic systems. We cannot let him succeed, for Ukraine, for NATO, even for his own people. Despite our disagreements in Congress, I hope we can continue to provide strong funding for support to Ukraine and NATO. 
I met with a group of eight members 
of the Parliament in Ukraine. Their Parliament is called the Rada. Of these eight members, at least six of them— maybe seven—were brand new to this business. They had come out of the protests in the Maidan—which is a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01JN6.009 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3379 June 1, 2015 
large square in downtown Kiev, 
Ukraine—where the protesters had ousted the former government, in-stalled a new government, and risked their lives to do it. Some lost their lives in the process. There were so many of those young people sitting across the table from me who 6 or 8 months ago had nothing to do with pol-itics. They had jobs and they were art-ists and they were involved in their community, but they were so inspired by what they saw in the Maidan that they decided to run for Parliament. Now these young people are tackling the toughest issues that any govern-ment can tackle: ending the corrup-tion, reforming their government, sav-ing their economy, fighting the Rus-sians on the eastern border. 
It humbled me in a way. I have given 
so much of my life to Congress and the legislative process, and I thought how many times we find ourselves tied up in knots, just as we are today, with lit-tle or nothing happening on this floor of the U.S. Senate when there are so many challenges we face across this Nation. I thought about them, sitting in Kiev not knowing if tomorrow or the day after or a week after they would have to face an invasion of the Rus-sians coming across their country try-ing to capture it. Yet they have the courage and determination to press on, to try to build a better country for the future, inspired by their own people who took to the streets to reclaim their nation. 
Well, I left with some inspiration on 
my own part. I hope to encourage this administration to show even more sup-port for the Ukrainians and to make it clear to our NATO allies that we will stand with them, as we have for so many decades, in the pursuit of demo-cratic values. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The Senator from Maine. 
Mr. KING. Mr. President, I rise to ad-
dress the bill before us, the USA FREE-DOM Act, and its predecessor, the PA-TRIOT Act. Before talking about the specifics of those bills, I will try to ad-dress the historical context of what it is we are wrestling with and why it is so hard. 
What we are really trying to do in 
this body this week is to balance two critical constitutional provisions. The first is in the preamble, which is to provide for the common defense and ensure domestic tranquility. That is a fundamental purpose of this govern-ment. It is a fundamental purpose of any government—to provide for the common defense and ensure domestic tranquility. That is national security, and it is in the very core preamble to the Constitution of the United States. 
Of course, the other provisions are 
found in the Bill of Rights, particularly in the Fourth Amendment, which talks about the rights of the people to be se-cure in their persons and papers from unreasonable searches and seizures. ‘‘Unreasonable’’ is a key word. The people who drafted our Constitution 
were geniuses and every word counts. The word was ‘‘unreasonable.’’ So there is no absolute right to privacy, just as there is no absolute right to national security. We have to try to find the right balance, and that is what we have to do year in and year out, decade in and decade out, in relation to develop-ments in technology and developments in terms of the threats which we face. It is a calibration that we have to con-tinue to try to make. 
Now, I have been concerned, as a 
member of the Intelligence Committee, about the retention of large quantities of telephone data by the government. I think the program under which that data has been analyzed is important, and I will talk about that in a few min-utes. I share the concern of many in this body who feel that simply having and retaining all of that information in government computers, even though it was hedged about with various protec-tions and even though there were re-quirements for how it was to be accessed—and the level of attention to the detail of that access was impor-tant—and there is no evidence that it had ever been abused, was a danger to the liberty of our country. I feel the same as many of the Members of this body who have expressed that concern. Therefore, the USA FREEDOM Act, which we have before us now, proposes to move to leave the data with the phone companies. Instead of the gov-ernment collecting and having it in the government’s hands, the data will be in the phone companies. If it is necessary to access that information for national security purposes, the government will have to go through the process of going through the Justice Department and the court in order to get permission to access that data. 
Why shouldn’t the government sim-
ply hold it? I am a subscriber to Lord Acton’s famous maxim that ‘‘power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely.’’ 
While the current administration or 
the prior administration may have no inclination to misuse that data, we have no idea what may come in the fu-ture, what pressures there may be, what political pressures there may be. Therefore, it struck me as sensible to get it out of government’s hands. 
The trouble I have had with the USA 
FREEDOM Act is that I felt it went too far in the other direction because there was no requirement in the bill, as it passed the House, that the phone com-panies retain and hold the data for any particular period of time. They now hold it, as a matter of business prac-tice, for 18 months to 2 years, which is all that is necessary in order to have the data available for a national secu-rity search if necessary. The problem is that there is no requirement that they maintain that level of retention. 
In fact, in an open hearing, one of the 
vice presidents of one of the carriers said categorically: We will not accept a limitation on how long we have to hold the data. I think that is a glaring 
weakness in the USA FREEDOM Act, and, in fact, it led me to vote against the consideration of the motion to pro-ceed when it came up last week. 
Today or tomorrow—whenever the 
timing works out—there will be a se-ries of amendments proposed by the Senator from North Carolina, the chair of the Intelligence Committee, de-signed to deal with several of these technical but very important aspects of this program. One of those amend-ments would require the carriers—if they decide to hold the data for a shorter period of time—to notify the government, notify the Congress, and we could then make a decision as to whether we thought that some addi-tional required period of retention would be necessary in order to ade-quately protect our national security. Another amendment that I understand is going to be proposed is that the tran-sition period from the current program to the private carriers holding the data will be extended from 6 months to 1 year, simply because this is a major, Herculean technical task to develop the software to be sure that this infor-mation will be available for national security purposes on a timely basis. 
Now, the final question, and the one 
we have been debating and discussing here is this: Is it an important pro-gram? Is it worth maintaining? There has been a lot of argument that if you can’t point to a specific plot that was specifically foiled by this narrow provi-sion, then we don’t need it at all. I don’t buy that. It is part of our na-tional security toolkit. 
It is interesting to talk about the 
history of this provision. It came into being shortly after September 11, be-cause a gap in our security analysis ability was identified at that time, and that was that we could not track phone connections—not content, and I will talk about that in a minute—between the people who were preparing for the September 11 attack. For that reason, the section 215 program was invented. 
I want to stop for just a moment and 
make clear to the American people that this program does not collect or listen to or otherwise have anything to do with the content of phone calls. 
As I talked to people in Maine and 
they approached me about this, they said: We don’t want the government listening to all of our phone calls. The answer is: They don’t. This program does not convey and has not conveyed any such authority. We are talking about a much more narrow ability to determine whether a particular phone number called another phone number, the duration and date of that phone call, and that is it. 
An example of its usefulness was at 
the Boston Marathon bombing. The two brothers perpetrated that horren-dous attack in Boston in April of 2013. This program allowed the authorities to check their phone numbers to see if they were in touch with other people in the country so they could determine 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01JN6.010 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3380 June 1, 2015 
whether this was a nationwide plot or 
whether it was simply these two guys in Boston. That, I will submit, is an important and—some would say—crit-ical piece of information. It turned out that they were acting on their own, but had there been connections with other similarly inclined people in the coun-try at that time, that would have been important information for us to know, and that is the way this program is used. 
Is it absolutely critical and indispen-
sable in solving these cases? I don’t think anybody can argue that that is the case. Is it important and useful as a part of the national security toolkit? Yes, particularly when the invasion of privacy, if you will, is so limited and really so narrowly defined. I liken it to a notebook that a police officer carries at the scene of a crime. A detective goes to the scene of a crime, takes out his notebook, and writes some notes. If we said that detectives can no longer carry notebooks, would it eliminate law enforcement’s ability to solve crimes? No, but would it limit a tool that was helpful to them in solving that crime or another crime? The an-swer, I think, would be yes. 
We should not take a tool away that 
is useful and important unless there is some compelling argument on the 
other side. Since we are not talking about the content of the phone con-versations—we are simply talking about which number called which other number, and it can only be accessed through a process that involves the Justice Department and then permis-sion from the court—I think it is a pro-gram that is worthy of protection and useful to this country, and I think it is particularly important now. 
It is ironic that we are talking about, 
in effect, unilaterally disarming to this extent at a time when the threat to this country has never been greater and the nature of the threat is chang-ing. September 11 is what I would call terrorism 1.0, a plot that was hatched abroad. The people who perpetrated it were smuggled into the country in var-ious ways. They had a specific target and a specific plot that they were working on. That is terrorism 1.0, Sep-tember 11. Terrorism 2.0 is a plot that is hatched abroad but communicated directly to people in the United States who are part of the jihadist group. But now we are on to terrorism 3.0, which is ISIS sending out what amounts to a terrorist APB to no particular person but to anyone in this country who has been radicalized by themselves or by the Internet. There is no direct connec-tion between them and ISIS. It might be a Facebook post. That person then takes up arms and tries to kill Ameri-cans, and that is what their intent is. That is the hardest situation for us to counteract, and that is a situation where this ability to track numbers calling numbers can be extremely use-ful. In fact, it might be the only useful tool because we are not going to have the kind of specific plotting that we have seen in the past. This is the most dangerous threat 
that I think we face today. To throw aside a protection or a safeguard that I believe passes constitutional and legal muster and goes the extra mile to pro-tect the privacy rights of Americans by getting this data out of the hands of the government and that is worthy of the support and the active work in this Chamber to find that balance—the bal-ance between the imperative, the most solemn responsibility we have in this body, which is to provide for the com-mon defense and ensure domestic tran-quility, and to protect the safety and security of the people of this country in light of the constitutional limita-tions in the Bill of Rights that protect our individual liberties that make us who we are—we can do both things. There is never going to be a final an-swer to this question. But what we have to do is just what we are doing this week, and that is to assess the threats, assess the technology develop-ments, and try to find the right cali-bration and the right balance that will allow us to meet that most solemn of our responsibilities. 
I look forward, hopefully, to the con-
sideration of amendments later either today or tomorrow and look forward to what I hope will be a quick passage of this legislation in the next 24 to 48 hours so we can look our constituents and the people of this country in the eyes and say: We took the responsi-bility to protect your security seri-ously, and we also took seriously your rights, your liberty, and your under-standing that the government is not going to impinge unreasonably in any way in violation of the principles of this Constitution. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I thank my 
good friend, the Senator from Maine, a committed member of the Committee on Intelligence, and one who has been vitally involved in the oversight of sec-tion 215. 
I think what has been left out of the 
debate is that 15 Members of the U.S. Senate have actively carried out over-sight. This is probably one of the most looked at programs that exists within the jurisdiction of the Intelligence Committee. There are a couple more that probably get more constant atten-tion, but this is not a program that is used that frequently. I think that is the key point. 
I wish to reiterate some of the issues 
Senator K
INGbrought up. We are not 
listening to people’s phone calls. There is no content collected. 
This program expired last night at 
midnight. That means the database cannot be queried, regardless of if we find a terrorist telephone number. I think it is important to remind my col-leagues and the American people that this is all triggered by a nonterrorist number outside of the United States. 
Now, in the case of the Tsarnaev 
brothers, we had the telephone number outside the country, and we wanted to 
see whether the connection had been made, so there was direction in that case. But this is triggered by not just going through the database and look-ing at who Americans are calling and trying to figure something out, it is triggered by a known foreign terror-ist’s telephone number, and we searched to see whom they may have contacted in the United States. 
Now, the FISA Court only allows this 
data to be queried when there is a rea-sonable articulable suspicion—or RAS, as we call it—based on specific facts; that the basis for the query is associ-ated with a foreign terrorist or ter-rorist organization. If the NSA can’t make that case to the courts, that RAS is never authorized to go forward. The NSA is not searching through records to see whom ordinary Americans are calling; they are only looking for the terrorist links based upon the connec-tion to a phone number known to be a terrorist phone number. 
Now, my good friend, the Senator 
from Maine, spoke about the Boston bombings. Let me go back to some comments the Director of the FBI, Di-rector Mueller, made earlier last year. He testified in the House that had the program been in place before Sep-tember 11, 2001, those attacks might have been derailed. Why? Well, accord-ing to the Director of the FBI, before 9/ 11, the intelligence community lost track of al-Mihdhar. Al-Mihdhar was one of the two who lived in San Diego, and he was tied to a terrorist group in Yemen. We lost track of al-Mihdhar, but we knew the terrorist organization in Yemen. So if we would have had this program in place, we could have tar-geted the telephone numbers out of the cell in Yemen to see if they were con-tacting anybody in the United States— and they were contacting al-Mihdhar— and we could have put the connection together and found al-Mihdhar after we lost him in flight to the United States. 
I think Director Mueller said we saw 
on 9/11 what happens when the right in-formation is not put together. If this program had been in place, then it could have provided the necessary link between the safe house in Yemen and al-Mihdhar in San Diego. 
For those who claim this program 
served no purpose prior to 9/11, here is the Director of the FBI saying it would have. Then we have the Boston Mara-thon bombing, and the program told us there was no terrorist link. 
Then we come to the 2009 New York 
City subway bombing plot. In early September 2009, while monitoring the activities of an Al Qaeda terrorist group in Pakistan, NSA noted contact from an individual in the United States who the FBI subsequently identified as Colorado-based Najibullah Zazi. Sec-tion 215 provided important lead infor-mation that helped thwart this plot. 
I wish to say this one more time to 
my colleagues: This program works. It has worked. It has stopped attacks be-cause we have been able to identify an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01JN6.012 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3381 June 1, 2015 
individual before they carried out the 
attack. 
Now, the threshold for my colleagues 
who say this program has not served any useful purpose, meaning we have to have an attack to be able to prove we thwarted an attack—that is not why we have this program in place. We are trying to get ahead of the terrorist act. In the case of the subway bomb-ings in New York, we did that in 2009. 
There was a Chicago terrorist inves-
tigation in 2009. David Coleman Headley, a Chicago businessman and dual U.S. and Pakistan citizen, was ar-rested by the FBI as he tried to depart Chicago O’Hare Airport to go to Eu-rope. At the time of his arrest, Headley and his colleagues, at the behest of Al Qaeda, were plotting to attack the Danish newspaper that published the unflattering cartoons of Prophet Mo-hammed. Section 215 metadata anal-ysis was used along with other FBI au-thorities to investigate Headley’s over-seas associates and their involvement in Headley’s activities. 
I am not sure how it gets any clearer 
than this. We have an individual who is radicalized, who intends to carry out an act, who has overseas connections that we never would have understood without section 215. I think that as my good friend from Maine knows, when we connect one dot, typically it leads to another dot and that leads to an-other dot. To say to law enforcement, to say to our intelligence community that we are not going to give you the tools to connect these dots is to basi-cally stand up in front of the American people and say that we are supposed to keep you safe, but we are not going to do that. 
So I thank my good friend, the Sen-
ator from Maine, for his support. 
I say to my colleagues, I hope we are 
going to be able to reinstitute this pro-gram shortly after lunch tomorrow. Hopefully, we will be able to do it with three amendment votes and a final pas-sage vote. One will be a substitute to the full bill. It has all the USA FREE-DOM Act language, with two changes. It would require the telecom compa-nies to provide 6 months’ notification of any change in the retention program of their company. That language was the suggestion of the Senator from Maine, and it works extremely well. 
The second piece of the substitute 
amendment will deal with the certifi-cation of the Director of National In-telligence that we have made the tech-nological changes necessary for the telecom companies to actually query that data they are holding. 
There will be two additional amend-
ments. The first one will be to change the transition period from 6 months to 12 months, and I think the Senator from Maine would agree with me that— I would like to see it longer—anything longer than 6 months is beneficial as we talk about the safety and security of the American people. 
The last amendment is the change in 
the amicus language or the friend of the court language. I will get into that 
in a little while. The current bill says the courts shall—‘‘shall’’ means they will do it. The administrator of the court has provided us with language that they think will allow the court the flexibility, when they need a friend of the court, to solicit a friend of the court in FISA Court but not require them, with the word ‘‘shall,’’ to always have a friend of the court. 
Again, I think, as my good friend 
from Maine knows, the process we go through in section 215 through the FISA Court in many cases is an accel-erated process. Any delay can defeat the purpose of what we are doing; that is, trying to be in front of an attack versus in the back of an attack. I say one last time for my colleagues, NSA, under the metadata program, collects a few things: They collect the telephone number, they collect a date, they col-lect the duration of time that the call took place. They don’t get content. They don’t get the person’s name. They have no idea whose number it is. Were they to tie a domestic number to a for-eign terrorist number, that then goes directly to the FBI because they say to the Bureau: We have a suspicious American because they have commu-nicated with a terrorist, at which time it is out of the 215 program for the pur-poses of investigation of the individual. If there was ever a need to find out whose telephone number it was or if there was a need to see content, that would be sought by the FBI under an investigation through the normal court processes that are not part of the 215 program. Section 215 is limited to a telephone number, with no identifier for whose number it is, the collection of the date, and the duration of the call. 
I think the Senator from Maine 
would agree with me. I would just as soon see the program stay at NSA, but that decision is a fait accompli. It is going to transition out. We would just like to make sure we have enough time so this can seamlessly happen versus an artificial date of 6 months and not knowing whether it can happen. 
I thank the Senator from Maine. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
NATIVE AMERICAN CHILDREN’S 
SAFETY ACT 
ALYCE SPOTTED BEAR AND WAL-
TER SOBOLEFF COMMISSION ON NATIVE CHILDREN ACT 
Mr. HOEVEN. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of the following bills en bloc: Calendar No. 77, S. 184, and Cal-endar No. 79, S. 246. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bills by title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 184) to amend the Indian Child 
Protection and Family Violence Prevention Act to require background checks before fos-ter care placements are ordered in tribal court proceedings, and for other purposes. A bill (S. 246) to establish the Alyce Spot-
ted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Children, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill, S. 184. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill, S. 246, which had been reported from the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs, with an amendment to strike all after the en-acting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
S. 246 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Alyce Spotted 
Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Children Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— 
(1) the United States has a distinct legal, trea-
ty, and trust obligation to provide for the edu-cation, health care, safety, social welfare, and other needs of Native children; 
(2) chronic underfunding of Federal programs 
to fulfill the longstanding Federal trust obliga-tion has resulted in limited access to critical services for the more than 2,100,000 Native chil-dren under the age of 24 living in the United States; 
(3) Native children are the most at-risk popu-
lation in the United States, confronting serious disparities in education, health, and safety, with 37 percent living in poverty; 
(4) 17 percent of Native children have no 
health insurance coverage, and child mortality has increased 15 percent among Native children aged 1 to 14, while the overall rate of child mor-tality in the United States decreased by 9 per-cent; 
(5) suicide is the second leading cause of 
death in Native children aged 15 through 24, a rate that is 2.5 times the national average, and violence, including intentional injuries, homi-cide, and suicide, account for 75 percent of the deaths of Native children aged 12 through 20; 
(6) 58 percent of 3- and 4-year-old Native chil-
dren are not attending any form of preschool, 15 percent of Native children are not in school and not working, and the graduation rate for Native high school students is 50 percent; 
(7) 22.9 percent of Native children aged 12 and 
older report alcohol use, 16 percent report sub-stance dependence or abuse, 35.8 percent report tobacco use, and 12.5 percent report illicit drug use; 
(8) Native children disproportionately enter 
foster care at a rate more than 2.1 times the gen-eral population and have the third highest rate of victimization; and 
(9) there is no resource that is more vital to 
the continued existence and integrity of Native communities than Native children, and the United States has a direct interest, as trustee, in protecting Native children. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: 
(1) C OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ 
means the Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Children estab-lished by section 4. 
(2) I
NDIAN .—The term ‘‘Indian’’ has the mean-
ing given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). 
(3) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). 
(4) N
ATIVE CHILD .—The term ‘‘Native child’’ 
means— 
(A) an Indian child, as that term is defined in 
section 4 of the Indian Child Welfare Act of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 1903); 
(B) an Indian who is between the ages of 18 
and 24 years old; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\G01JN6.013 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3382 June 1, 2015 
(C) a Native Hawaiian who is not older than 
24 years old. 
(5) N ATIVE HAWAIIAN .—The term ‘‘Native Ha-
waiian’’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 7207 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7517). 
(6) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means 
the Secretary of the Interior. 
(7) T RIBAL COLLEGE OR UNIVERSITY .—The term 
‘‘Tribal College or University’’ has the meaning given the term in section 316(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1059c(b)). 
SEC. 4. COMMISSION ON NATIVE CHILDREN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There is established a com-
mission in the Office of Tribal Justice of the De-partment of Justice, to be known as the ‘‘Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Children’’. 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commission shall be 
composed of 11 members, of whom— 
(A) 3 shall be appointed by the President, in 
consultation with— 
(i) the Attorney General; (ii) the Secretary; (iii) the Secretary of Education; and (iv) the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-
ices; 
(B) 3 shall be appointed by the Majority Lead-
er of the Senate, in consultation with the Chair-person of the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate; 
(C) 1 shall be appointed by the Minority Lead-
er of the Senate, in consultation with the Vice Chairperson of the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate; 
(D) 3 shall be appointed by the Speaker of the 
House of Representatives, in consultation with the Chairperson of the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives; and 
(E) 1 shall be appointed by the Minority Lead-
er of the House of Representatives, in consulta-tion with the Ranking Member of the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Represent-atives. 
(2) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR ELIGIBILITY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), each member of the Commission shall have significant experience and expertise in— 
(i) Indian affairs; and (ii) matters to be studied by the Commission, 
including— 
(I) health care issues facing Native children, 
including mental health, physical health, and nutrition; 
(II) Indian education, including experience 
with Bureau of Indian Education schools and public schools, tribally operated schools, tribal colleges or universities, early childhood edu-cation programs, and the development of extra-curricular programs; 
(III) juvenile justice programs relating to pre-
vention and reducing incarceration and rates of recidivism; and 
(IV) social service programs that are used by 
Native children and designed to address basic needs, such as food, shelter, and safety, includ-ing child protective services, group homes, and shelters. 
(B) E
XPERTS .— 
(i) N ATIVE CHILDREN .—1 member of the Com-
mission shall— 
(I) meet the requirements of subparagraph 
(A); and 
(II) be responsible for providing the Commis-
sion with insight into and input from Native children on the matters studied by the Commis-sion. 
(ii) R
ESEARCH .—1 member of the Commission 
shall— 
(I) meet the requirements of subparagraph 
(A); and 
(II) have extensive experience in statistics or 
social science research. 
(3) T ERMS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Each member of the Com-
mission shall be appointed for the life of the Commission. (B) V
ACANCIES .—A vacancy in the Commission 
shall be filled in the manner in which the origi-nal appointment was made. 
(c) O
PERATION .— 
(1) C HAIRPERSON .—Not later than 15 days 
after the date on which all members of the Com-mission have been appointed, the Commission shall select 1 member to serve as Chairperson of the Commission. 
(2) M
EETINGS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Commission shall meet 
at the call of the Chairperson. 
(B) I NITIAL MEETING .—The initial meeting of 
the Commission shall take place not later than 30 days after the date described in paragraph (1). 
(3) Q
UORUM .—A majority of the members of 
the Commission shall constitute a quorum, but a lesser number of members may hold hearings. 
(4) R
ULES.—The Commission may establish, by 
majority vote, any rules for the conduct of Com-mission business, in accordance with this Act and other applicable law. 
(d) N
ATIVE ADVISORY COMMITTEE .— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT .—The Commission shall 
establish a committee, to be known as the ‘‘Na-tive Advisory Committee’’. 
(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
(A) C OMPOSITION .—The Native Advisory Com-
mittee shall consist of— 
(i) 1 representative of Indian tribes from each 
region of the Bureau of Indian Affairs who is 25 years of age or older; and 
(ii) 1 Native Hawaiian who is 25 years of age 
or older. 
(B) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—Each member of the Na-
tive Advisory Committee shall have experience relating to matters to be studied by the Commis-sion. 
(3) D
UTIES .—The Native Advisory Committee 
shall— 
(A) serve as an advisory body to the Commis-
sion; and 
(B) provide to the Commission advice and rec-
ommendations, submit materials, documents, testimony, and such other information as the Commission determines to be necessary to carry out the duties of the Commission under this sec-tion. 
(4) N
ATIVE CHILDREN SUBCOMMITTEE .—The 
Native Advisory Committee shall establish a sub-committee that shall consist of at least 1 member from each region of the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs and 1 Native Hawaiian, each of whom shall be a Native child, and have experience serving on the council of a tribal, regional, or national youth organization. 
(e) C
OMPREHENSIVE STUDY OF NATIVE CHIL-
DREN ISSUES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commission shall con-
duct a comprehensive study of Federal, State, local, and tribal programs that serve Native children, including an evaluation of— 
(A) the impact of concurrent jurisdiction on 
child welfare systems; 
(B) the barriers Indian tribes and Native Ha-
waiians face in applying, reporting on, and using existing public and private grant re-sources, including identification of any Federal cost-sharing requirements; 
(C) the obstacles to nongovernmental finan-
cial support, such as from private foundations and corporate charities, for programs benefit-ting Native children; 
(D) the issues relating to data collection, such 
as small sample sizes, large margins of error, or other issues related to the validity and statis-tical significance of data on Native children; 
(E) the barriers to the development of sustain-
able, multidisciplinary programs designed to as-sist high-risk Native children and families of those high-risk Native children; 
(F) cultural or socioeconomic challenges in 
communities of Native children; 
(G) any examples of successful program mod-
els and use of best practices in programs that serve children and families; 
(H) the barriers to interagency coordination 
on programs benefitting Native children; and (I) the use of memoranda of agreement or 
interagency agreements to facilitate or improve agency coordination, including the effects of ex-isting memoranda or interagency agreements on program service delivery and efficiency. 
(2) C
OORDINATION .—In conducting the study 
under paragraph (1), the Commission shall, to the maximum extent practicable— 
(A) to avoid duplication of efforts, collaborate 
with other workgroups focused on similar issues, such as the Task Force on American Indian/ Alaska Native Children Exposed to Violence of the Attorney General; and 
(B) to improve coordination and reduce travel 
costs, use available technology. 
(3) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Taking into consid-
eration the results of the study under paragraph (1) and the analysis of any existing data relat-ing to Native children received from Federal agencies, the Commission shall— 
(A) develop recommendations for goals, and 
plans for achieving those goals, for Federal pol-icy relating to Native children in the short-, mid-, and long-term, which shall be informed by the development of accurate child well-being measures, except that the Commission shall not consider or recommend the recognition or the es-tablishment of a government-to-government re-lationship with— 
(i) any entity not recognized on or before the 
date of enactment of this Act by the Federal Government through an Act of Congress, Execu-tive action, judicial decree, or any other action; or 
(ii) any entity not included in the list author-
ized pursuant to the Federally Recognized In-dian Tribe List Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 479a et seq.); 
(B) make recommendations on necessary modi-
fications and improvements to programs that serve Native children at the Federal, State, and tribal levels, on the condition that the rec-ommendations recognize the diversity in cul-tural values, integrate the cultural strengths of the communities of the Native children, and will result in— 
(i) improvements to the child welfare system 
that— 
(I) reduce the disproportionate rate at which 
Native children enter child protective services and the period of time spent in the foster sys-tem; 
(II) increase coordination among social work-
ers, police, and foster families assisting Native children while in the foster system to result in the increased safety of Native children while in the foster system; 
(III) encourage the hiring and retention of li-
censed social workers in Native communities; 
(IV) address the lack of available foster homes 
in Native communities; and 
(V) reduce truancy and improve the academic 
proficiency and graduation rates of Native chil-dren in the foster system; 
(ii) improvements to the mental and physical 
health of Native children, taking into consider-ation the rates of suicide, substance abuse, and access to nutrition and health care, including— 
(I) an analysis of the increased access of Na-
tive children to Medicaid under the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111μ09148) and the effect of that increase on the 
ability of Indian tribes and Native Hawaiians to develop sustainable health programs; and 
(II) an evaluation of the effects of a lack of 
public sanitation infrastructure, including in- home sewer and water, on the health status of Native children; 
(iii) improvements to educational and voca-
tional opportunities for Native children that will lead to— 
(I) increased school attendance, performance, 
and graduation rates for Native children across all educational levels, including early edu-cation, post-secondary, and graduate school; 
(II) localized strategies developed by edu-
cators, tribal and community leaders, and law enforcement to prevent and reduce truancy among Native children; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01JN6.002 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3383 June 1, 2015 
(III) scholarship opportunities at a Tribal Col-
lege or University and other public and private postsecondary institutions; 
(IV) increased participation of the immediate 
families of Native children; 
(V) coordination among schools and Indian 
tribes that serve Native children, including in the areas of data sharing and student tracking; 
(VI) accurate identification of students as Na-
tive children; and 
(VII) increased school counseling services, im-
proved access to quality nutrition at school, and safe student transportation; 
(iv) improved policies and practices by local 
school districts that would result in improved academic proficiency for Native children; 
(v) increased access to extracurricular activi-
ties for Native children that are designed to in-crease self-esteem, promote community engage-ment, and support academic excellence while also serving to prevent unplanned pregnancy, membership in gangs, drug and alcohol abuse, and suicide, including activities that incor-porate traditional language and cultural prac-tices of Indians and Native Hawaiians; 
(vi) taking into consideration the report of the 
Indian Law and Order Commission issued pur-suant to section 15(f) of the Indian Law En-forcement Reform Act (25 U.S.C. 2812(f)), im-provements to Federal, State, and tribal juvenile justice systems and detention programs— 
(I) to provide greater access to educational op-
portunities and social services for incarcerated Native children; 
(II) to promote prevention and reduce incar-
ceration and recidivism rates among Native chil-dren; 
(III) to identify intervention approaches and 
alternatives to incarceration of Native children; 
(IV) to incorporate families and the tradi-
tional cultures of Indians and Native Hawaiians in the juvenile justice process, including through the development of a family court for juvenile offenses; and 
(V) to prevent unnecessary detentions and 
identify successful reentry programs; 
(vii) expanded access to a continuum of early 
development and learning services for Native children from prenatal to age 5 that are cul-turally competent, support Native language preservation, and comprehensively promote the health, well-being, learning, and development of Native children, such as— 
(I) high quality early care and learning pro-
grams for children starting from birth, including Early Head Start, Head Start, child care, and preschool programs; 
(II) programs, including home visiting and 
family resource and support programs, that in-crease the capacity of parents to support the 
learning and development of the children of the parents, beginning prenatally, and connect the parents with necessary resources; 
(III) early intervention and preschool services 
for infants, toddlers, and preschool-aged chil-dren with developmental delays or disabilities; and 
(IV) professional development opportunities 
for Native providers of early development and learning services; 
(viii) the development of a system that delivers 
wrap-around services to Native children in a way that is comprehensive and sustainable, in-cluding through increased coordination among Indian tribes, schools, law enforcement, health care providers, social workers, and families; 
(ix) more flexible use of existing Federal pro-
grams, such as by— 
(I) providing Indians and Native Hawaiians 
with more flexibility to carry out programs, while maintaining accountability, minimizing administrative time, cost, and expense and re-ducing the burden of Federal paperwork re-quirements; and 
(II) allowing unexpended Federal funds to be 
used flexibly to support programs benefitting Native children, while taking into account— 
(aa) the Indian Employment, Training and 
Related Services Demonstration Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3401 note; 106 Stat. 2302); (bb) the Coordinated Tribal Assistance Solici-
tation program of the Department of Justice; 
(cc) the Federal policy of self-determination; 
and 
(dd) any consolidated grant programs; and (x) solutions to other issues that, as deter-
mined by the Commission, would improve the health, safety, and well-being of Native chil-dren; 
(C) make recommendations for improving data 
collection methods that consider— 
(i) the adoption of standard definitions and 
compatible systems platforms to allow for great-er linkage of data sets across Federal agencies; 
(ii) the appropriateness of existing data cat-
egories for comparative purposes; 
(iii) the development of quality data and 
measures, such as by ensuring sufficient sample sizes and frequency of sampling, for Federal, State, and tribal programs that serve Native children; 
(iv) the collection and measurement of data 
that are useful to Indian tribes and Native Ha-waiians; 
(v) the inclusion of Native children in longitu-
dinal studies; and 
(vi) tribal access to data gathered by Federal, 
State, and local governmental agencies; and 
(D) identify models of successful Federal, 
State, and tribal programs in the areas studied by the Commission. 
(f) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the 
date on which all members of the Commission are appointed and amounts are made available to carry out this Act, the Commission shall sub-mit to the President, Congress, and the White House Council on Native American Affairs a re-port that contains— 
(1) a detailed statement of the findings and 
conclusions of the Commission; and 
(2) the recommendations of the Commission for 
such legislative and administrative actions as the Commission considers to be appropriate. 
(g) P
OWERS .— 
(1) H EARINGS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Commission may hold 
such hearings, meet and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive such evidence as the Commission considers to be ad-visable to carry out the duties of the Commission under this section, except that the Commission shall hold not less than 5 hearings in Native communities. 
(B) P
UBLIC REQUIREMENT .—The hearings of 
the Commission under this paragraph shall be open to the public. 
(2) W
ITNESS EXPENSES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—A witness requested to ap-
pear before the Commission shall be paid the same fees and allowances as are paid to wit-nesses under section 1821 of title 28, United States Code. 
(B) P
ER DIEM AND MILEAGE .—The fees and al-
lowances for a witness shall be paid from funds made available to the Commission. 
(3) I
NFORMATION FROM FEDERAL , TRIBAL , AND 
STATE AGENCIES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Commission may secure 
directly from a Federal agency such information as the Commission considers to be necessary to carry out this section. 
(B) T
RIBAL AND STATE AGENCIES .—The Com-
mission may request the head of any tribal or State agency to provide to the Commission such information as the Commission considers to be necessary to carry out this Act. 
(4) P
OSTAL SERVICES .—The Commission may 
use the United States mails in the same manner and under the same conditions as other agencies of the Federal Government. 
(5) G
IFTS.—The Commission may accept, use, 
and dispose of gifts or donations of services or property related to the purpose of the Commis-sion. 
(h) C
OMMISSION PERSONNEL MATTERS .— 
(1) T RAVEL EXPENSES .—A member of the Com-
mission shall be allowed travel expenses, includ-ing per diem in lieu of subsistence, at rates au-thorized for an employee of an agency under 
subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from the home or reg-ular place of business of the member in the per-formance of the duties of the Commission. 
(2) D
ETAIL OF FEDERAL EMPLOYEES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—On the affirmative vote of 2⁄3 
of the members of the Commission— 
(i) the Attorney General, the Secretary, the 
Secretary of Education, and the Secretary of the Health and Human Services shall each detail, without reimbursement, 1 or more employees of the Department of Justice, the Department of the Interior, the Department of Education, and the Department of Health and Human Services; and 
(ii) with the approval of the appropriate Fed-
eral agency head, an employee of any other Federal agency may be, without reimbursement, detailed to the Commission. 
(B) E
FFECT ON DETAILEES .—Detail under this 
paragraph shall be without interruption or loss of civil service status, benefits, or privileges. 
(3) P
ROCUREMENT OF TEMPORARY AND INTER -
MITTENT SERVICES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—On request of the Commis-
sion, the Attorney General shall provide to the Commission, on a reimbursable basis, reasonable and appropriate office space, supplies, and ad-ministrative assistance. 
(B) N
O REQUIREMENT FOR PHYSICAL FACILI -
TIES.—The Administrator of General Services 
shall not be required to locate a permanent, physical office space for the operation of the Commission. 
(4) M
EMBERS NOT FEDERAL EMPLOYEES .—No 
member of the Commission, the Native Advisory Committee, or the Native Children Subcommittee shall be considered to be a Federal employee. 
(i) T
ERMINATION OF COMMISSION .—The Com-
mission shall terminate 90 days after the date on which the Commission submits the report under subsection (f). 
(j) N
ONAPPLICABILITY OF FACA.—The Federal 
Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the Commission, the Native Advi-sory Committee, or the Native Children Sub-committee. 
(k) E
FFECT .—This Act shall not be construed 
to recognize or establish a government-to-gov-ernment relationship with— 
(1) any entity not recognized on or before the 
date of enactment of this Act by the Federal Government through an Act of Congress, Execu-tive action, judicial decree, or any other action; or 
(2) any entity not included in the list author-
ized pursuant to the Federally Recognized In-dian Tribe List Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 479a et seq.). 
(l) F
UNDING .—There is authorized to be appro-
priated to carry out this Act $2,000,000. 
Mr. HOEVEN. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the committee-reported sub-stitute amendment to S. 246 be agreed to, the bills be read a third time and passed en bloc, and the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (S. 184) was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 184 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Native 
American Children’s Safety Act’’. 
SEC. 2. CRIMINAL RECORDS CHECKS. 
Section 408 of the Indian Child Protection 
and Family Violence Prevention Act (25 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN6.002 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3384 June 1, 2015 
U.S.C. 3207) is amended by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(d) B YTRIBAL SOCIAL SERVICES AGENCY  
FOR FOSTER CARE PLACEMENTS IN TRIBAL  
COURT PROCEEDINGS .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
‘‘(A) C OVERED INDIVIDUAL .—The term ‘cov-
ered individual’ includes— 
‘‘(i) any individual 18 years of age or older; 
and 
‘‘(ii) any individual who the tribal social 
services agency determines is subject to a criminal records check under paragraph (2)(A). 
‘‘(B) F
OSTER CARE PLACEMENT .—The term 
‘foster care placement’ means any action re-moving an Indian child from a parent or In-dian custodian for temporary placement in a foster home or institution or the home of a guardian or conservator if— 
‘‘(i) the parent or Indian custodian cannot 
have the child returned on demand; and 
‘‘(ii)(I) parental rights have not been ter-
minated; or 
‘‘(II) parental rights have been terminated 
but the child has not been permanently placed. 
‘‘(C) I
NDIAN CUSTODIAN .—The term ‘Indian 
custodian’ means any Indian— 
‘‘(i) who has legal custody of an Indian 
child under tribal law or custom or under State law; or 
‘‘(ii) to whom temporary physical care, 
custody, and control has been transferred by the parent of the child. 
‘‘(D) P
ARENT .—The term ‘parent’ means— 
‘‘(i) any biological parent of an Indian 
child; or 
‘‘(ii) any Indian who has lawfully adopted 
an Indian child, including adoptions under tribal law or custom. 
‘‘(E) T
RIBAL COURT .—The term ‘tribal 
court’ means a court— 
‘‘(i) with jurisdiction over foster care 
placements; and 
‘‘(ii) that is— ‘‘(I) a Court of Indian Offenses; ‘‘(II) a court established and operated 
under the code or custom of an Indian tribe; or 
‘‘(III) any other administrative body of an 
Indian tribe that is vested with authority over foster care placements. 
‘‘(F) T
RIBAL SOCIAL SERVICES AGENCY .—The 
term ‘tribal social services agency’ means the agency of an Indian tribe that has the primary responsibility for carrying out fos-ter care licensing or approval (as of the date on which the proceeding described in para-graph (2)(A) commences) for the Indian tribe. 
‘‘(2) C
RIMINAL RECORDS CHECK BEFORE FOS -
TER CARE PLACEMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (3), no foster care placement shall be finally approved and no foster care license shall be issued until the tribal social services agency— 
‘‘(i) completes a criminal records check of 
each covered individual who resides in the household or is employed at the institution in which the foster care placement will be made; and 
‘‘(ii) concludes that each covered indi-
vidual described in clause (i) meets such standards as the Indian tribe shall establish in accordance with subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(B) S
TANDARDS OF PLACEMENT .—The 
standards described in subparagraph (A)(ii) shall include— 
‘‘(i) requirements that each tribal social 
services agency described in subparagraph (A)— 
‘‘(I) perform criminal records checks, in-
cluding fingerprint-based checks of national crime information databases (as defined in section 534(f)(3) of title 28, United States Code); ‘‘(II) check any abuse registries main-
tained by the Indian tribe; and 
‘‘(III) check any child abuse and neglect 
registry maintained by the State in which the covered individual resides for informa-tion on the covered individual, and request any other State in which the covered indi-vidual resided in the preceding 5 years, to en-able the tribal social services agency to check any child abuse and neglect registry maintained by that State for such informa-tion; and 
‘‘(ii) any other additional requirement that 
the Indian tribe determines is necessary and permissible within the existing authority of the Indian tribe, such as the creation of vol-untary agreements with State entities in order to facilitate the sharing of information related to the performance of criminal records checks. 
‘‘(C) R
ESULTS .—Except as provided in para-
graph (3), no foster care placement shall be ordered in any proceeding described in sub-paragraph (A) if an investigation described in clause (i) of that subparagraph reveals that a covered individual described in that clause has been found by a Federal, State, or tribal court to have committed any crime listed in clause (i) or (ii) of section 471(a)(20)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 671(a)(20)(A)). 
‘‘(3) E
MERGENCY PLACEMENT .—Paragraph 
(2) shall not apply to an emergency foster care placement, as determined by a tribal so-cial services agency. 
‘‘(4) R
ECERTIFICATION OF FOSTER HOMES OR  
INSTITUTIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of this sub-section, each Indian tribe shall establish pro-cedures to recertify homes or institutions in which foster care placements are made. 
‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—The procedures described 
in subparagraph (A) shall include, at a min-imum, periodic intervals at which the home or institution shall be subject to recertifi-cation to ensure— 
‘‘(i) the safety of the home or institution 
for the Indian child; and 
‘‘(ii) that each covered individual who re-
sides in the home or is employed at the insti-tution is subject to a criminal records check in accordance with this subsection, including any covered individual who— 
‘‘(I) resides in the home or is employed at 
the institution on the date on which the pro-cedures established under subparagraph (A) commences; and 
‘‘(II) did not reside in the home or was not 
employed at the institution on the date on which the investigation described in para-graph (2)(A)(i) was completed. 
‘‘(C) G
UIDANCE ISSUED BY THE SECRETARY .— 
The procedures established under subpara-graph (A) shall be subject to any regulation or guidance issued by the Secretary that is in accordance with the purpose of this sub-section. 
‘‘(5) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of this sub-section and after consultation with Indian tribes, the Secretary shall issue guidance re-garding— 
‘‘(A) procedures for a criminal records 
check of any covered individual who— 
‘‘(i) resides in the home or is employed at 
the institution in which the foster care placement is made after the date on which the investigation described in paragraph (2)(A)(i) is completed; and 
‘‘(ii) was not the subject of an investiga-
tion described in paragraph (2)(A)(i) before the foster care placement was made; 
‘‘(B) self-reporting requirements for foster 
care homes or institutions in which any cov-ered individual described in subparagraph (A) resides if the head of the household or the operator of the institution has knowl-
edge that the covered individual— 
‘‘(i) has been found by a Federal, State, or 
tribal court to have committed any crime listed in clause (i) or (ii) of section 471(a)(20)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 671(a)(20)(A)); or 
‘‘(ii) is listed on a registry described in 
clause (II) or (III) of paragraph (2)(B)(i); 
‘‘(C) promising practices used by Indian 
tribes to address emergency foster care placement procedures under paragraph (3); and 
‘‘(D) procedures for certifying compliance 
with this Act.’’. 
The committee-reported amendment 
to S. 246 in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. 
The bill (S. 246), as amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak about the Native American Chil-dren’s Safety Act, S. 184. This legisla-tion, which I have introduced along with Senator T
ESTER , is about one 
thing: making sure that foster children in Native American communities are placed in safe homes. 
Without this legislation, there will 
continue to be inconsistent rules guid-ing the placement of Native American children in foster care. At this time, Native American tribes and their tribal courts use procedures and guidelines when placing a Native American child in a foster home that vary signifi-cantly from tribe to tribe. 
S. 184 addresses this problem by cre-
ating a transparent pathway for the Federal Government and the tribes to partner together to establish safety standards and policies to ensure the safety of Native American foster care children. Moreover, this bill will strengthen the governance of the tribes and create safeguards for their foster care placement programs and the indi-viduals those programs serve. 
The Native American Children’s 
Safety Act specifically includes the fol-lowing reforms: It requires that all pro-spective foster care parents and adults living in the home undergo a back-ground check prior to the placement of a Native American foster child in that home; it requires that background checks include checking for criminal activity as well as State and tribal child abuse and neglect registries; it requires adults who join the household after the foster care child has been placed there also undergo background checks; and, it requires that foster care homes undergo recertification periodi-cally to ensure they remain safe for foster care children. 
We worked on this legislation with 
the tribes, with the National Indian Child Welfare Association, with the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs, and the U.S. De-partment of Health and Human Serv-ices Administration for Children and Families. The reforms are just com-monsense measures designed to protect those Native American children who are in need of a good, safe home. In fact, S. 184 has been endorsed by the National Indian Child Welfare Associa-tion as well as the Spirit Lake and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN6.005 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3385 June 1, 2015 
Turtle Mountain tribes in my home 
State of North Dakota. 
This bill has undergone many 
thoughtful efforts on the part of many people and plenty of thoughtful consid-eration, and it has gone through reg-ular order in the Senate. It passed unanimously out of the Senate Com-mittee on Indian Affairs on February 4, 2015. I am pleased this bill now has passed the full Senate so these children can receive the protection they de-serve. 
With that, I yield the floor. Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I 
today can say that I am elated that the Senate unanimously passed my legisla-tion that would create a commission on the status of Native American chil-dren. 
This bipartisan bill, which was first 
introduced when I came to the Sen-ate—in fact, it was my first bill—will study the challenges facing Native American kids, including poverty, crime, high unemployment, substance abuse, domestic violence, and dire eco-nomic opportunities, as well as making recommendations on how to make sure Native American youth receive the tools and educational resources they need to thrive. 
This is not a new issue for me. This 
is an issue I worked on when I was North Dakota’s attorney general and I saw the challenges for so many of our children living in Indian Country. I saw that sometimes they are the most for-gotten children in America. I fought for Native families all during my time as North Dakota’s attorney general, pledging to improve the lives of Native American youth once I was positioned to do so. 
So this is truly an important day for 
tribes and Native communities, as well as Native children and their families. But we can’t stop the momentum. I look forward to working with my col-leagues in the House of Representa-tives to uphold the Federal Govern-ment’s trust responsibility to Indian tribes and to pass this bill, because standing up for Native children is an issue on which we should all agree. 
The Commission on Native Children 
will work to identify complex chal-lenges faced by Native kids in North Dakota and across the United States. The comprehensive and first-of-its- kind commission would conduct an in-tensive study on issues affecting Na-tive American youth. 
The 11-member commission will issue 
a report to provide recommendations ensuring Native kids have access to sustainable wraparound systems, as well as the protection, economic re-sources, and educational tools nec-essary for success in both academia and in their careers. 
In addition to the Commission on Na-
tive Children, the subcommittee will also provide advice in order to ensure that those in Washington don’t lose sight of these children. 
I thank all of my colleagues who 
have joined me in this effort, but I par-ticularly want to single out Senator 
L
ISAMURKOWSKI from Alaska. She has 
been a cochampion and a copartner. She sees the same issues among Alaska Natives as I see among the Plains Indi-ans in my State. And we have named this bill after two great educational and spiritual leaders of our States. 
In my case, my bill is named after 
Alyce Spotted Bear, former tribal chairwoman of the Mandan, Hidatsa, and Arikara Nation in North Dakota. Alyce was a passionate advocate for Native children and a recognized leader in education. Unfortunately, she passed away much too soon, but I know her spirit is here in this bill. 
I look forward to getting this bill 
passed in the House of Representatives. I look forward to the report, and I look forward to all of us pulling in the same direction to make sure all of our chil-dren are protected, all of our children are loved, and all of our children are given equal opportunity, including those children in Native American homes and those children in Indian Country. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
USA FREEDOM ACT OF 2015— 
Continued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority whip. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I would 
ask the Senate’s indulgence. I actually have three topics that I need to discuss here today. One topic involves the his-toric flooding that we have experienced in Texas and the consequences of that, also the President’s signing the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, and lastly, the bill that is before us on the floor today, which is another tool in the toolbox of the national security ap-paratus in this country to help keep Americans safe. 
TEXAS FLOODS  
First, Mr. President, let me talk 
about the flooding and storm damage that has affected Texas this last week or so. Over the course of a month, Texas has faced a deluge of storms and rain, and according to Texas A&M cli-matologists, May was the wettest month on record. Texas has been in a drought for a number of years now, and we are glad to get the rain, but we just wish that Mother Nature had spread it out over a longer period of time. The National Weather Service reported yes-terday that in May Texas skies shed 37.3 trillion gallons of water, which translates into almost 8 inches of water covering the entire State—a state more than 268,000 square miles large. 
Unfortunately, this historic volume 
of water quickly turned into tragedy and massive destruction. Many Texans have experienced great loss. Some have lost their homes as the rivers came down without any warning and washed their houses from their foundation. But, of course, losing your home does not compare to the heartbreak of los-ing a loved one, and tragically, at least 24 people have lost their lives in the 
floods. 
As usual, despite the direst of cir-
cumstances, the Texas spirit remains alive, and we see many volunteers con-tinuing to dedicate their time and ef-forts to lend a helping hand. In Wimberley, in central Texas, a town hit particularly hard by flooding and the overflowing Blanco River, a group of students and adults helped to orga-nize a makeshift market in the high 
school gym. This same group helped consolidate and coordinate donations to give to those most in need. Locals in the town of about 2,500 people have come to refer to this as the ‘‘Wimberley Walmart.’’ 
Fortunately, stories such as these of 
Texans helping one another are not iso-lated—far from it, in fact. Commu-nities across the State are organizing donation drives to help those who have lost all their material possessions, and many individuals have selflessly risked their own lives to help rescue strangers from the floodwaters and the rubble. To these volunteers, and to the many first responders who are working tire-lessly, we all thank you from the bot-tom of our heart. During these hard times, you not only provided relief but you also provided perhaps something more important, and that is hope. 
I spoke to several local officials over 
the last couple of days, including Nim Kidd, who is chief of the Texas Depart-ment of Emergency Management. Nim is doing a terrific job in this very dif-ficult position, and he is performing like the experienced public servant that you would come to expect, par-ticularly in dealing with disasters such as this. Nim has said there is a lot of work to be done. He told me that the rivers may not actually be within their banks for 2 more weeks, assuming that we don’t get more rain. 
This weekend, with recovery efforts 
in full swing and Texans beginning the painstakingly slow process of answer-ing the painful question of what now, several Texas rivers remain at flood stage in more than 100 different loca-tions. So as we start to recover, we are reminded that we need to remain vigi-lant. 
I was encouraged to hear Nim’s re-
port that the assistance of FEMA and other Federal agencies has been mak-ing a big difference. He was highly complimentary of their contributions. FEMA, as just one example, has rap-idly deployed resources to help assess the damage done in local communities, and we were both glad to see the Presi-dent quickly grant Governor Abbott’s request for a major disaster declara-tion on Friday night, which will help Texans get the resources they need. I promised Nim and others I spoke to that I would continue to work with Governor Abbott and our State’s con-gressional delegation to make sure that the Federal Government provides all the help Texans deserve during this difficult time. 
So, to those suffering today, I want 
to offer my deepest condolences and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01JN6.015 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3386 June 1, 2015 
prayers. We will continue to do every-
thing we can here in Washington, in Austin, and in local communities that have been so severely affected, to give Texans the help they need. We have no time to lose in getting these commu-nities back on their feet. I know the people of Texas will continue to help their neighbors across the State during their time of need to ensure that each affected community will make the full-est and fastest recovery possible. 
JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF TRAFFICKING ACT  
Mr. President, on the second topic, 
on Friday, the President signed into law the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act. I know I speak for all those involved in the long journey on which this legislation has led us when I say that I am thrilled that we are able to mark this milestone. This is a perfect example of Congress working together in a bipartisan way along with the President to try to do some-thing to help the most vulnerable peo-ple in our society—the victims of human trafficking. This is an impor-tant day, as it shows to both the vic-tims of human trafficking as well as to the predators who exploit them that Congress, on both sides of the Capitol 
and on both sides of the aisle, takes this issue seriously. 
I want to express my gratitude to the 
organizations and the people who have helped get this done, lending countless hours and endless expertise to this cause. Without their advocacy and their determination, this would not have been possible. I thank in par-ticular groups such as Rights4Girls, Shared Hope International, the Na-tional Association to Protect Children, the Coalition Against Trafficking Women, and End Child Prostitution and Trafficking. 
It is also important to remember 
whom this bill is for, and of course, it is for the victims—typically, a young girl between the ages of 12 and 14 who may have left home expecting some ad-venture or something else other than what they ultimately experienced. Many of them find themselves victims of modern day slavery and victims of habitual sexual abuse. This is for women such as Melissa Woodward, whom I have met. She is from the Dal-las-Fort Worth area. At just 12 years old, Melissa was sold into the sex trade by a family member—as hard as that is to conceive of. Her life became a pris-on. She was chained to a bed in a ware-house and endured regular beatings and was raped. She was forced to sexually serve between 5 and 30 men every day. Melissa said that at one point she wished she was dead. As heartbreaking as her story is—and it is heart-breaking—it is good to know that strong people such as Melissa—along with the help we can give and others who care for them can give and with those who can help them from living a life of victimhood—can be transformed by their experience and regain a new and productive life. So with this law we begin to provide for people such as Me-lissa the help they need to heal, and, 
importantly, to treat her and others as the victims they are and not as crimi-nals. While I am thankful for what will be accomplished through this legisla-tion, my hope is that we continue to fight the scourge of human trafficking using this law as the first step of many. 
Mr. President, I want to speak about 
the effort to reauthorize the critical provisions of the PATRIOT Act that expired at midnight last night. 
As others have observed, there has 
been a lot of misleading rhetoric and downright demagoguery about this topic. The issue is pretty straight-forward and simple. This is about how we use all of the tools available to us to keep our Nation safe amidst perva-sive and growing threats, while at the same time preserving our essential lib-erties. This is not about trading one for the other. This is about how we achieve the correct balance. 
Despite our efforts last night, this 
Chamber was unable to come up with even a short-term solution to ensure that the key provisions—including sec-tion 215—of the PATRIOT Act did not expire. We know that any single Sen-ator could object to this extension that would allow us to continue our work without allowing this program to ex-pire. Unfortunately, three of our col-leagues chose to object to the common-sense unanimous consent request to allow those temporary extensions while the Senate and the House contin-ued their work. 
It is important to remember that 
these provisions of the law were cre-ated after September 11 and were de-signed to equip those investigating ter-rorism with the basic tools used by or-dinary law enforcement. Why in the world would we want to deny law en-forcement the investigatory tools they need to keep America safe from ter-rorist attacks? That is what section 215 did and does and will do again once we resurrect it. 
Before it expired at midnight, these 
provisions helped our intelligence and law enforcement officials keep the country safe. As I think about this, and in discussing it with Chairman B
URR 
and others who are very concerned about the safety and security of our country and who are determined to protect the country by making sure that our counterterrorism efforts maintain every available legal tool consistent with our civil liberties, I think what has happened is we have fallen victim again to the pre-9/11 men-tality of considering counterterrorism efforts to be a law enforcement matter alone. Of course, the Fourth Amend-ment to the Constitution, which pro-hibits unreasonable searches and sei-zures, was designed primarily in a criminal law enforcement context to make sure that American citizens’ pri-vacy was protected. But what many of those who object to using these provi-sions fail to acknowledge is that our intelligence community has to be able to investigate and detect threats to the 
American homeland before they occur. 
After 9/11, where almost 3,000 people 
lost their lives, there was plenty of time to do a criminal investigation and law enforcement action, but we had failed in our most essential obligation, which is to detect these threats ahead of time and to prevent them from ever occurring. 
Importantly, as we discussed the 
week before last, section 215 in par-ticular included vigorous oversight measures. It is important for people to understand that the executive branch— in other words, the White House—and the legislative branch, which is both Houses of Congress, and the courts are all very much engaged in the vigorous oversight of these tools used to protect the American people. By taking this tool away from those investigating the constant threat stream to American citizens, we have unfortunately given terrorists an advantage right here in our own backyard. 
As we have reiterated over and over 
that these threats to our homeland are real and they are growing. Why in the world would we take time to gamble with our national security? 
Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh 
Johnson said that our country has en-tered ‘‘a new phase in the global ter-rorism threat’’ as the so-called Islamic State or ISIL continues to encourage people right here at home to take up the cause of global jihad. Perhaps, to me, the best and most concrete exam-ples are events such as what happened in Garland, TX, just a few weeks ago, when two people who had been commu-nicating overseas with representatives of the Islamic State were incited to take up arms against their fellow citi-zens here in the United States of Amer-ica. Why in the world would we want to deny our law enforcement and intel-ligence authorities lawful tools avail-able to them to be able to identify peo-ple plotting threats against the home-land and to prevent those threats from actually being carried out? 
Thank goodness, due to the vigilance 
of local police and other law enforce-ment authorities, what could have been a bloodbath in Garland, TX, was avert-ed. Why in the world would we want to take away a tool available to our intel-ligence and law enforcement authori-ties and raise the risk that an attack here in the homeland be successful rather than thwarted? 
This is not just something that hap-
pened in Garland. A few weeks ago, FBI Director James Comey described the widespread nature of the threats—so widespread, in fact, that he said all 56 field divisions of the FBI have opened inquiries regarding suspected cases of homegrown terrorism. So let me re-peat. Every FBI field division in the country is currently investigating at least one suspected case of homegrown terrorism. 
As my colleagues must know, we do 
not have to go very far to find other examples like the one I mentioned that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01JN6.016 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3387 June 1, 2015 
manifested itself in Garland. We read 
about examples regularly. Just 2 weeks ago, also in my home State of Texas, the FBI arrested a man who had re-portedly pledged his allegiance to the leader of ISIL. According to the FBI, he is but one of hundreds of ISIL sym-pathizers here in the United States, which ought to alarm all of us, ought to be a call to vigilance and to make sure we maintain every available legal tool consistent with civil liberties to protect our citizens. 
So I think it is obvious that section 
215 and the two noncontroversial na-tional security provisions at issue should not have been allowed to expire, but unfortunately they were, and now it is our responsibility to fill that gap by passing this legislation and taking up the important amendments, which will actually strengthen the House bill. 
We know our country and our people 
are the target of terrorists again, and we need to do everything we can to stop them. Well, my initial preference was to extend these portions of the PA-TRIOT Act for a short period of time so we could begin the debate and discuss the next best move to address these issues without giving the terrorist any advantage by handicapping the men and women committed to protecting our homeland. 
At a time when the threats to our 
country are increasing, we should be enabling our intelligence officials and law enforcement with the tools they need and not stripping them of the au-thorities they require in order to pro-tect us. Clearly a full extension of sec-tion 215, which was easily extended in 2011, is not possible at this time. But the last thing any one of us should do is allow this program to continue to re-main dark. 
I encourage our colleagues to join me 
in quickly working together to reau-thorize these critical provisions. Every day we allow these authorities to re-main expired, our intelligence officials are forced to act with one hand tied be-hind their back. 
We plan to make minor improve-
ments to the House-passed bill, and I think they make a lot of sense, things such as actually getting a certification by the Director of National Intel-ligence and this plan to let the telecoms continue to hold this infor-mation and then, after a court order is provided, allow that search. But cer-tainly we should want to know whether this actually will work in a way that is consistent with our national security. 
So, essentially, the House provisions 
are the base bill here, but I think Chairman B
URR and others on the In-
telligence Committee have rec-ommended some very positive, com-monsense improvements which will make this bill better. Working to-gether, the Senate and the House, I think we can make sure these nec-essary authorities are restored. 
As elected representatives of the 
American people, it is our duty to make sure the balance between phys-ical safety and civil liberties is struck. 
We will do that again. We can do that responsibly by extending these authori-ties and coming together to find a long-term solution that keeps these in-valuable tools in place. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I thank 
the majority whip for his comments and for his support of the extension of 215 and for what I think are some very reasonable changes to it. Some of what the Senator from Texas said took me back to some of the hearings I know the Presiding Officer was in where in-telligence officials were asked about this transition. They were asked very simply ‘‘Will it work?’’ and the answer they gave was ‘‘I think so.’’ To an in-stitution such as Congress, where our No. 1 responsibility is the defense of the country, ‘‘I think so’’ is not the an-swer on which you base the change of a program. Therefore, that is why there is a debate in Washington right now— now in the Senate, soon to be with the House—as to whether 6 months is suffi-cient time to be able to address it. 
I know the Presiding Officer of the 
Senate heard individuals from the Jus-tice Department say: Well, if this does not work, we will get back to you on changes. 
One of the reasons this tool is in 
place is because we identified short-comings in our capability to identify terrorists post-9/11. 
Let me revert back—and I hate to go 
to history, but on 9/11, as the majority whip said, there was the loss of almost 3,000 lives, American and international lives. Washington, New York—could have been this building had some brave passengers not found out what they were up to and stopped them. 
I remember those days and weeks and 
months right after 9/11 as a member of the House Intelligence Committee. There are not many of us left who were here. I think only 40 percent of the Senate was here on 9/11. What were the questions that went through our minds? Who did this? Why did they do it? How wide was the plan to attack us? We had to start from a dead stop and try to figure out the answer to all of those questions. It is amazing that in a very short period of time we were able to construct tools that made sure that America would never be faced with questions such as those again and that if we were, it would be a very short pe-riod of time, not weeks and months and in some cases years to connect the dots and try to figure out how to keep this from happening again. Section 215 was one of the tools that was created as a result of 9/11. 
I revert back to the Director of the 
FBI, who said last year that had sec-tion 215 been in place prior to Sep-tember 11, the likelihood is that we could have connected the dots between a known terrorist we lost track of by the name of Al Mihdhar, who traveled from Kuala Lumpur to San Diego be-fore we had a no-fly list, who commu-
nicated via cell phone with a terrorist cell operating out of Yemen—we had the numbers out of Yemen; we just did not have the number of Al Mihdhar. Had 215 been in place, we could have tested the terrorist cell phones against the database we had. The FBI Direc-tor’s own words: We probably would have stopped that component of 9/11. 
Al Mihdhar and his roommate, I be-
lieve, were the two who flew the plane into the Pentagon. Would it have cap-tured everybody? Possibly not. Would identifying two individuals incor-porated in a cell inside the United States have allowed the FBI to work through traditional means of investiga-tion and find the rest of that cell, those planes directed—two planes toward New York and that fourth plane di-rected to the Capitol? Maybe. Maybe it would have. 
Maybe when are you trying to stop 
something, it is good, but when you are talking about eliminating something, ‘‘I think we can do it’’ does not meet my test. That is why one of the amend-ments I will ask my colleagues to vote on is an amendment to make the tran-sition period not 6 months but 12 months. It is to make sure we have al-lowed the NSA a sufficient amount of time to technologically prepare the telephone companies to be able to search their data in a timeframe that we need to get in front of an attack versus in back of an attack. 
It is very simple: If it happens in 
front, it is intelligence. If it happens in back, it is an investigation. It is a legal investigation. It has already happened. We are trying to make sure we stay in front. 
I would like to take a moment to go 
over some myths about the PATRIOT Act. 
Here is myth No. 9: The President put 
in place two panels—a review panel and another one called the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board—and, interestingly, both panels told him the same thing: that what he was doing was illegal. 
Fact: President Obama’s review panel 
never opined on the legality of the metadata program. It said the question of the program’s legality under the Fourth Amendment ‘‘is not before us,’’ and it is not the review panel’s job to resolve these questions of whether the program was statutorily authorized. 
Myth. Fact. Myth No. 8: The national security 
letter is similar to what we fought the Revolution over. 
I am not a lawyer, but given what we 
have been faced with since September 11, I think it would have been easier to go to law school than to try to figure out some of these things. The national security letter, despite its ominous- sounding name, is nothing more than an administrative subpoena. It has the authority equivalent to the authority postal inspectors employ to investigate mail fraud or IRS agents use to inves-tigate tax fraud. Postal inspectors and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01JN6.018 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3388 June 1, 2015 
IRS agents do not need judicial author-
ization to issue an administrative sub-poena. Our Framers would likely be embarrassed if the post office had more authority to investigate postal fraud than the Federal Government had to protect us from terrorism. 
Before 215, the FBI would issue a na-
tional security letter that gave them expansive investigatory tools. Now, they could not do it in a timely fash-ion, but eventually they could not only get to a search of telephone numbers, they could search financial records, and they could search anything about an individual. 
Let me remind my colleagues that 
what we are talking about in section 215, the metadata program—we have never identified an American. All we have is a pool of telephone numbers with no person’s name attached to them, and we collect the date the call was made, the duration of the call, and the telephone number that it talked to. The only time that information can be queried is when we have a foreign tele-phone number that we know to be the telephone number of a terrorist. Where we were before was much more expan-sive with a national security letter, but it was not timely, and if you want to be in front of an act, you have to be timely. That is how 215 was created. 
Myth No. 7: NSA collects your ad-
dress book, buddy lists, call records, et cetera, and then they put them into a data—I think the program is called SNAC—they put it all into this data program and they develop a network of who you are and who your friends are. 
Myth. Here is fact: SNAC is the National 
Security Agency Systems and Network Attack Center, which, among other things, publishes a configuration guide to assist entities in protecting their networks from intrusion. Its work could not be further from the allega-tion made. 
Myth No. 6: Executive Order 12333 has 
no congressional oversight. 
Boy, that is a strange one to the In-
telligence Committee, which spends a lot of time on oversight of 12333. It is simply wrong. S. Res. 400 of the 94th Congress created the Select Committee on Intelligence. CRS—the Congres-sional Research Service—points out that the President has a statutory re-sponsibility to ‘‘ensure that the intel-ligence committees are kept fully and currently informed of the intelligence activities of the United States.’’ The committee routinely receives reports on such matters, including reports on NSA activities under Executive Order 12333. It is a part of the committee’s mandate that we do successful over-sight, and it is a requirement of any President that they make sure their administration fully cooperates and re-ports to both the Senate select com-mittee and the House select com-
mittee. 
Myth No. 5: The President started 
this program by himself. He did not tell us about it. Maybe one or two peo-ple knew about it. Again, that is factually incorrect. 
Every Senator was put on notice of the program’s existence in 2010 and again in 2011. My gosh, it has been a na-tional—international debate over the last several weeks. 
Myth No. 4: The PATRIOT Act goes 
from probable cause, which is what the Constitution had, to articulable sus-picion, down to relevance. 
This statement conflates issues. 
Articulable suspicion and relevance are not two different standards for the same thing. They both must be present—both must be present—in the metadata program. 
FISA, as amended by section 215 of 
the PATRIOT Act, allows the govern-ment to seek a court order requiring the production of ‘‘tangible things’’ upon a statement—articulation—of facts showing ‘‘there are reasonable grounds to believe’’ those things are ‘‘relevant’’ to an authorized investiga-tion. This allows the government to seek call records from telecommuni-cations companies. Then, when those records have been compiled into a database, that database can only be queried upon a reasonable articulable suspicion that the number to be queried is associated with a particular foreign terrorist organization. 
We keep getting back to this, and of 
all the conversations that are had on this floor about intrusion into pri-vacy—one, let me state the obvious fact again. It is hard for me to believe we have invaded anyone’s privacy when we have done nothing but grab a tele-phone number and we have no earthly idea to whom it belongs. And the only reason we would be concerned with that telephone number is if we pull a foreign terrorist telephone number and we search it and find somebody in America they have talked to. That is it. That is the entirety of the program, and it is all predicated on the fact that we don’t search any—we don’t query any data unless we have a foreign ter-rorist telephone number known, and that is what triggers the program to begin to meet the threshold of the court for a query of the information. 
Myth No. 3: The FISA Court has 
somewhat become a rubberstamp for the government. 
First, if that characterization is cor-
rect, then the Federal criminal wiretap process is even more of a rubberstamp for the government. The approval rate for title III criminal wiretaps is higher than the approval rate for FISA appli-cations. 
Second, this claim does a disservice 
to the practice of the FISA Court, where there is often a back-and-forth between the government as applicant and the court. Again, this is not unlike the criminal wiretap process. The gov-ernment often proposes to make an ap-plication before making its final appli-cation. The chief judge of the FISA Court has said it returns or demands modifications on these proposed appli-cations 25 percent of the time. In this respect, the high approval rate of FISA applications does not ‘‘reflect the fact 
that many applications are altered prior to final submission or even with-held from final submission entirely, often after an indication that a judge would not approve them’’ because it had not met the threshold. 
Third, the government has every in-
terest in self-selecting only meri-torious applications to bring to the court. The government is a repeat player at the FISA Court. It has a well- earned reputation as a broker of candor before the court, and there would be significant reputational costs to bring-ing nonmeritorious applications to the court. 
Let me sort of put in layman’s terms 
what that is. The current wiretap standard—equivalent to going to a FISA Court—approves at a 25-percent higher rate than the FISA Court. And the FISA Court is the court that expe-dites time-sensitive investigations and time-sensitive intelligence requests. 
Myth No. 2: The problem in the FISA 
Court is that when they take you to this court, it is secret. 
True, it is secret, but so are any 
other judicial hearings where classified information is before to the court, and that court shuts down and goes into a nonpublic setting, just the way this in-stitution does. We will do it as we get into the appropriations bills, and when we get into classified, sensitive appro-priations, these doors will shut, the Gallery will be cleared, the TVs will be cut off, and we will do our business on secret, classified information. 
It is only realistic to believe that the 
court—especially the court that hears the most sensitive cases—would only hear those cases in secret because the cases cannot be presented in public. 
The last, No. 1: The bulk collection of 
all Americans’ phone records all of the time is a direct violation of the Fourth Amendment. 
The Fourth Amendment protects 
against unreasonable searches. A search occurs when the government in-trudes upon ‘‘a reasonable expectation of privacy.’’ The Supreme Court has noted ‘‘that a person has no legitimate expectation of privacy in information he voluntarily turns over to third par-ties.’’ 
The Court has also squarely deter-
mined that a person does not have a Fourth Amendment-protected privacy interest in the numbers he dialed on his phone. Telephone companies keep call records for billing purposes. When the government obtains those records from a third-party telecommunications provider, a search has not taken place for constitutional purposes, and there-fore a warrant is not required. 
This program has been approved over 
40 times by the FISA Court to exist. The program was instituted by the ex-ecutive branch. The executive branch could end the program today. Why don’t they? They don’t because this program is effective. This program has thwarted attacks here and abroad. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01JN6.018 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3389 June 1, 2015 
I know individuals have come on the 
floor and they have said: There is abso-lutely nothing that shows that section 215 has contributed to the safety of America. 
I can only say that they are factually 
challenged in that. You would not have the majority of the Intelligence Com-mittee on floor lobbying for this pro-gram to continue in its current form. Now we know that is not going to hap-pen, so we are trying to reach a modi-fication of the current language so, in fact, we have a greater comfort level that the intelligence community can be in front of attacks and not behind them. 
I remind my colleagues that hope-
fully tomorrow afternoon we will be at a point where we are ready to vote on amendments. There will be three amendments to the USA FREEDOM Act. 
The first one will be a full substitute. 
It will take all the identical language of USA FREEDOM with two changes: 
One, it will require the telephone 
companies to notify the U.S. Govern-ment 6 months in advance of any change they make in their retention policy of the data, the telephone num-bers. I think it is a very reasonable re-quest that they give us 6 months’ no-tice if, in fact, they are going to reduce the amount of time they keep that data. 
The second piece is that we direct the 
Director of National Intelligence to certify at the end of the transition pe-riod that we can successfully make the transition and that the technology is in place at the telephone companies, provided by the government, that they can query those numbers—in other words, that they can search it and take a foreign terrorist telephone number and figure out whether they talked to an American. 
In addition to that substitute amend-
ment, there will be two additional amendments. 
The first one will take the transition 
period that is currently 6 months in the bill and will simply make it 12 months. If I had my preference, it would be 24 months, but I think this is a fair compromise. And my hope is that, matched with the certification of the DNI, we will be prepared to trans-fer this data but to continue the pro-gram in a seamless fashion, although it will add some time—yet to be deter-mined—to how quickly we can make the identification of any connection of dots. 
The second amendment very specifi-
cally will be addressing the amicus provision in the USA FREEDOM Act. I am going to talk about amicus a little later, but let me just say for my col-leagues that in the USA FREEDOM Act, in numerous places, it says that the courts shall provide a friend of the court. 
I am not a lawyer, but my under-
standing from those who are lawyers is that ‘‘shall’’ is an indication of ‘‘you must.’’ The courts have told us that will be cumbersome and difficult and 
delay the ability of this process to move forward. So the courts have pro-vided for us language that changes it to where the FISA Court can access a friend of the court when they feel it is necessary but not be required to have a friend of the court regardless of what their determination is. 
We will talk about that over the next 
just shy of a day, but it is my hope to all the Members that all three of these amendments can be dealt with before 24 hours is up and that passage of the USA FREEDOM Act as amended by the Senate can be passed to the House for quick action by the U.S. House and hopefully by the end of business tomor-row can be signed by the President and these very important programs can be back in place. 
I would make one last note—that I 
am sure Americans find it troubling that this program is going to be sus-pended for roughly 48 hours. In the case of investigations that are currently un-derway, they are grandfathered and the ‘‘lone wolf’’ and roving wiretap can still be used, but new investigations have to wait for the reauthorization of this bill. From the standpoint of the metadata program, last night at 8 o’clock it could no longer be queried, and it won’t be able to be queried until this is reauthorized. 
There is time sensitivity on us pass-
ing this, just as there is time sensi-tivity in getting the language of this bill correct so that, in fact, we can query it, we can connect the dots, and we can get in front of an attack prior to the attack happening. 
I urge my colleagues in the Senate to 
spend the next 24 hours understanding what is in the USA FREEDOM Act. Look at the amendments. They are reasonable. They don’t blow up this piece of legislation. They provide us the assurance that we can make this transition and that after we make the transition, the program will still work. 
I urge my colleagues to support all 
three amendments. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
E
RNST ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
it is time to get the job done on FISA. It is time to get the job done. 
From the beginning of this debate, I 
had aimed to give Senators a chance to advance bipartisan compromise legisla-tion through the regular order. That is why I offered extension proposals that sought to create the space needed to do that. But as we all know, by now, every effort to temporarily extend important counterterrorism tools—even non-controversial ones—was either voted down or objected to. So here is where we are. We find our-
selves in a circumstance where impor-tant tools have already lapsed. We need to work quickly to remedy this situa-tion. Everyone has had ample oppor-tunity to say their piece at this point. Now is the time for action. 
That is why, in just a moment, I will 
ask for unanimous consent to allow the Senate to consider cloture on the House-passed FISA bill, along with amendments to improve it, today—not tomorrow but today. 
There is no point in letting another 
day lapse when the endgame is clear to absolutely everyone—we know how this is going to end—when we have seen such a robust debate already, a big debate, not only in the Senate but across the country, and when the need to act expeditiously could not be more apparent. 
Madam President, I ask unanimous 
consent that at 6 p.m. today, the Sen-ate vote on the pending cloture motion on H.R. 2048, the U.S. FREEDOM Act, and that if cloture is invoked, that all postcloture time be yielded back and the Senate proceed to vote on the pend-ing amendments under the regular order; that upon disposition of the amendments, the bill be read a third time, as amended, if amended, and the Senate proceed to vote on passage of the bill, as amended, if amended. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Senator from Kentucky. Mr. PAUL. Madam President, reserv-
ing the right to object, I would be happy to agree to dispensing with the time and having a vote at the soonest possibility, if we were allowed to ac-commodate amendments for those of us who object to the bill. I think the bill would be made much better with amendments. If we can come to an ar-rangement to allow amendments to be voted on, I would be happy to allow my consent. But at this point, I object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
without consent to speed things up, the cloture vote will occur an hour after the Senate convenes tomorrow, on Tuesday. Therefore, Senators should expect the cloture vote at 11 a.m. to-morrow. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
Mr. BURR. Madam President, before 
the recess, there was an attempt to try to bring finality before this bill ex-pired. At that time, I reached out to my friend and colleague from Ken-tucky, Senator P
AUL, and offered him 
my assurance, as manager of the bill, that we would take up his amend-ments. But as the President of the Sen-ate knows, if any one Senator objects to a vote, then a vote does not happen. I consented at that time that I would initiate a tabling of his amendment so that there could actually be a vote. There has been every attempt to try to accommodate amendments. I think that given the short time that we are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01JN6.020 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3390 June 1, 2015 
dealing with, where we are trying to 
make sure that the expiration of these needed tools is as limited as we can, the leader is exactly right. You cannot go outside of the processes that were already triggered prior to this. 
I think we have made every attempt 
to try to accommodate the current Senate rules, but unfortunately, there were objections to that as we departed town over a week ago, and we are where we are. 
For my colleagues’ sake, let me re-
state where we are. We have had the expiration as of midnight last night of section 215. Section 215 has many pieces to it, but there are three that are highlighted. One is the ‘‘lone wolf’’ provision, an individual who has no di-rect tie to a terrorist organization but could be radicalized in some type of communication, and ‘‘lone wolf’’ pro-vides us the ability to target them without a direct association to a ter-rorist group. And roving wiretaps are the ability to target an individual and not a specific phone. 
These two are noncontentious, and 
there was a request by unanimous con-sent yesterday before the expiration to extend those two pieces. There was an objection. The Senate operates by rules. When one Senator objects, every-thing stops. For that reason, those two provisions expired last night. 
Let me say for the benefit of my col-
leagues and for the American people that any investigation that was cur-rently under way as of 12 o’clock last night can continue to use those two tools. What is affected while we are in this expiration period is that you can-not open a new investigation and use those two tools to investigate that in-dividual. So we are limited on anything that might have opened since 12:01 this morning. 
My hope is that the Senate will dis-
pose of all of the 215 provisions by 3 o’clock tomorrow. We can turn the fau-cet back on, and law enforcement can use those two tools. 
But the third piece has been the 
focus of contention in the Senate and in the country, and it deals with a pro-gram called the metadata program. It is a scary word. Let me explain what the metadata program is. 
The NSA receives from telephone 
companies a telephone number with no identity whatsoever. We refer to it as a deidentified number. They put all of that into one big database. The purpose of it is that when we find a known ter-rorist outside of the country and we have his telephone number, then we want the ability to query or search that big database to see if that known terrorist talked to anybody in the United States. We actually have to go to court—to the FISA Court—to get permission, and we have to have ar-ticulate, reasonable suspicion that there is a connection, that that known terrorist’s telephone number can be tested against this database. We collect the telephone number, we collect the date the call was made, and we collect the duration of time of the call. There 
is absolutely zero—zero—content. There is zero identifier. There is not a person’s name to it. People have ques-tioned whether the program is legal. It is legal because the Supreme Court has said that when we turn over our data to a third party, we have no reason to believe there is a privacy protection. Therefore, when we get that telephone number from a telephone company, we throw it into a pool, and the only per-son who should ever be worried is somebody who is in that pool that ac-tually carried on a conversation with a terrorist. And if we connect those two dots—a person in America and a known terrorist abroad—and they commu-
nicate, then it is immediately turned over to the FBI for an investigation. It is a person of suspicion. We turn it over to law enforcement. Law enforcement then goes through whatever court pro-cedures they need to do to investigate that individual. 
That is the metadata program. That 
is the contentious thing that has bogged this institution down to where we have let it expire—in most cases be-cause people have suggested it is some-thing other than what I have just de-scribed. 
I have read a lot of the myths. Let 
me just go back through some of them again. I think it is important. 
Myth No. 1: The NSA listens to 
Americans’ phone calls and tracks their movement. 
The NSA does not and cannot indis-
criminately listen to Americans’ phone calls, read their emails or track their movement. The NSA is not targeting or conducting surveillance of Ameri-cans. Under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court—FISA Court— order, the only information acquired by the government from telephone companies is the time of call, the length of call, and the phone number involved in the call. The government does not listen to the call. It does not acquire the personal information of the caller or the person who is called, which is obtained only through a sepa-rate legal process including, if nec-essary, a warrant based on probable cause, which is the highest standard that the judicial system has. 
Frankly, there is more information 
available in a U.S. phonebook than what the NSA puts in the metadata base. There is more privacy informa-tion that Americans share with their grocery store when they use their dis-count card to get groceries. There is more data that is collected at the CFPB on the American people than the NSA ever dreamed about, but there is nobody down here trying to eliminate the CFPB, although I would love to do it tomorrow. But the fact is, if this is about privacy, how can we intrude on anybody’s privacy when we do not know who the individuals are of the phone numbers that we have? And there is the fact that the Supreme Court has said that when you relin-quish that information to your phone company, you have no right of privacy. Myth No. 2: The NSA program is ille-
gal. 
There have been some who have come 
to the floor and said that. The Supreme Court held in Smith v. Maryland and in U.S. v. Miller that there is no reason-able expectation of privacy in tele-phone call records, such as those ob-tained under section 215. Those records are not protected by the Fourth Amendment. 
Under the current 215 program, the 
judges of the FISA Court must approve any request by the FBI to obtain infor-mation from the telephone companies. Congress has reauthorized the PA-TRIOT Act seven times. The FISA Court reviews the act in an application every 90 days, and the FISA Court has approved the reauthorization of those 90-day extensions over 41 times. 
This is not a car on cruise control. 
This is a program that every 90 days the court looks at and assesses whether for another 90 days we have the right to run the program. Put on top of that, the congressional oversight of the pro-gram is probably the second-most or third-most looked at program by the Senate and House Intelligence Com-mittees of any program within our in-telligence community. 
Myth No. 3: The NSA dragnet repeat-
edly abuses government authority. 
The government does not acquire 
content or personal information of Americans under the section 215 pro-gram. The names linked to the tele-phone numbers are not available unless the government obtains authorization through a separate legal process, in-cluding, if necessary, a warrant based on probable cause. 
Careful oversight of the program re-
veals no pattern of government abuse whatsoever. In fact, after more than a decade, critics cannot cite a single case of intentional abuse associated with FISA authorities. That is a far cry from the debate that we have listened to and, I might say, that has been cov-ered on some of the national media. 
Myth No. 4: The government stopped 
only one plot using section 215. 
For anybody that was listening ear-
lier to me, I described four specific things that I can talk about in public. There were four plots. A plot is some-thing that you get to before an act is done. 
We even talked about the Tsarnaev 
brothers, who committed a violent act that killed and maimed a number of people in the Boston Marathon. We had the ability because we had a foreign telephone number that we thought was tied to the Tsarnaevs, and even after the fact, we were able to go back and use 215 to see if there was a foreign nexus to an act that had already been committed. In this case, we could not find that nexus, but we had the tools available so that law enforcement could responsibly look at the American people and say we have done every-thing to make sure that there are not additional participants in this act who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01JN6.023 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3391 June 1, 2015 
might carry it out at the next mara-
thon or the next race or the next fes-tival. That is what our ability is sup-posed to be if, in fact, our oath of office as a Member of Congress is to defend the country, number one. 
Myth No. 5: The FISA Court is a 
rubberstamp. 
Despite all the claims that the FISA 
Court approves 99 percent of the gov-ernment’s applications, the FISA Court often returns or demands modifications to about 25 percent of the applications before they are even filed with the court. According to the FISA Court chief judge, the 99-percent figure does not reflect—does not reflect—the fact that many applications are altered prior to the final submission or even withheld from final submission en-tirely, often after an indication that a judge would not approve them. 
Let me put this in perspective. Twen-
ty-five percent more of the wiretap ap-plications are approved than of FISA. I mean, that says enough right there. In comparison to Federal court docu-ments which include wiretap applica-tions as instructed, of the 13,593 wire-tap applications filed from 2008 to 2012, the Federal district court approved 99.6. 
The only reason that FISA is at 99 
percent is because when the govern-ment sees that they are not going to be approved, they withdraw the applica-tion. That seldom happens in wiretap applications. 
Myth No. 6: There is no oversight of 
the NSA. 
The NSA conducts these programs 
under the strict oversight of three branches of government, including a judicial process overseen by Senate- confirmed judges appointed to the FISA Court and a chief judge of the United States. Republicans and Demo-crats in Congress together review, audit, and authorize all activities under FISA. There are few issues that garner more oversight attention by congressional Intelligence Committees than this program, as well as the re-sponsibilities imposed on the executive branch to make sure that the Federal agencies in a timely fashion share all information with the select commit-tees in the Senate and the House for the purposes of oversight of our intel-ligence community. Now, some have suggested that because the Director of the NSA says we think we can do this, we should just trust them. Please un-derstand that the reason we are having this debate is because some have sug-gested that the NSA cannot be trusted. 
Once again, I will state for my col-
leagues that we are going to do every-thing we can to wrap this up by 3 p.m. tomorrow. The debate about whether the data is going to transfer from the metadata program at NSA to the tele-phone companies has been decided. It will transfer. Over the next 24 hours, we will attempt to take up the USA FREEDOM Act—the exact language that was passed by the House—with a substitute amendment that embraces all of the House language with the ex-
ception of two issues. We will make two changes. One of the changes will require the telephone companies to 
provide a 6-month notice of any change in their data retention policy. In other words, if one telephone company has an 18-month retention program currently in place and they decide they are only going to hold the data for 12 months, they have to notify the Federal Gov-ernment 6 months in advance of that change. 
The second change will require the 
Director of National Intelligence to certify that on the transition date, that the government has provided the technology for the telephone compa-nies to be able to search the data in a timely fashion for us to stay in front of attacks. 
In addition to that substitute amend-
ment, which I hope my colleagues will support because there are minimal changes, there will be two amendments to the bill. 
The first amendment will change the 
transition period from 6 months to 12 months. So when the Director of the NSA says ‘‘I think we can do it in 6 months,’’ to the Intelligence Com-mittee, ‘‘I think we can do it’’ is not a good answer. So what we are asking is that we go from 6 months to 12 months so we can make sure the technology is in place for this program to continue. 
The last piece is a change in the ami-
cus language of the bill or the friend- of-the-court language in the bill. The bill itself uses the words that the courts shall—which means must—have a friend of the court, and that is not needed in all cases. If that is applied to all cases, it will put in place a very cumbersome and untimely process. 
When we are dealing with trying to 
get in front of an attack and dealing with individuals who are linked to known terrorists abroad, we want to have a way to query that data, to search that data as quickly as we pos-sibly can with the approval of the court. So what we have done is taken language that has already passed out of the Intelligence Committee and has been signed off by the courts that changes ‘‘shall’’ to ‘‘must.’’ It basically says that the court has the oppor-tunity, anytime they need a friend of the court’s advice, to turn to it and to get it, but it doesn’t require that they have a panel set up that automatically sits in on every consideration, because a judge doesn’t always need that. 
As the Presiding Officer of the Sen-
ate knows, the FISA Court operates in secret, which is another criticism of many people. Well, I don’t want to share any secrets, but sometimes the Senate operates in secret. Most of the time, the Intelligence Committee oper-ates in secret. Believe it or not, some titans of the courts in our country op-erate in secret. They have the author-ity to do it anytime there is secret or classified information that can’t be shared publicly. 
Well, that is all the FISA Court does. 
That is the reason it is in secret. It is not because we don’t want the Amer-
ican people to know that there is a FISA Court or that there is an applica-tion or a decision made by the FISA Court, but everything the FISA Court takes up is secret or classified, so it has to be done in secret, just like some of the budgets and some of the author-izations we do in the Senate that are classified. We shut these doors, we empty the Gallery, we cut off the TV, we hash out our differences, we come together, and we have a piece of legis-lation that only those people who are cleared can read. That is part of func-tioning. And part of functioning from a standpoint of getting in front of ter-rorism is to make sure the tools are in place to allow not only intelligence but law enforcement to do their job. 
I think when the American people 
understand how simple this program is—we take the telephone numbers, we take the date the call was made, we take the duration of the call, and if it connects to a known foreign terrorist number, then we turn it over to the Federal Bureau of Investigation and they go to court to figure out whether this is an individual they need to look at. It is no longer a part of the intel-ligence community. It is a valuable tool. It has helped us to thwart attacks in the past. My hope is that after we get through with business tomorrow at about 3 p.m., that this will continue to be a useful tool. 
I urge my colleagues to expeditiously 
consider not only the base language but the substitute and both amend-ments. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING BEAU BIDEN  
Ms. MIKULSKI. Madam President, I 
rise to speak about where we are as we debate the various aspects of the USA FREEDOM Act. However, before I pro-ceed with my statement on the current issue before the Senate, I really wish to note the very sad passing of our Vice President’s son, Beau Biden, who passed away at age 46 of brain cancer. 
Of course, the world knows this now 
because of the news announcement. Standing on the Senate floor, where I served with the Vice President when he was a U.S. Senator, I just personally want to express my condolences to him on behalf of myself, his friend in the U.S. Senate and his colleague on so many issues, as well as the people of Maryland. 
Once the news broke over the week-
end, many people asked me in my home State: Did you know him? Had you ever met him? There is just a general outpouring of sadness for his family, his wife, his two children, and, of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01JN6.024 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3392 June 1, 2015 
course, the Vice President and his step-
mother Jill. So, Mr. Vice President, if you have the opportunity to listen, know that the U.S. Senate is sending our thoughts and our prayers to you during this difficult time. 
Madam President, I wish to speak 
now about where we are in terms of our parliamentary situation. Once again, here we are in the Senate where, when all is said and done, more is getting said than is getting done. I am a very strong proponent of the oath I took to defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies. By that I mean we have to be able to protect this country. We need to have a sense of ur-gency about it. 
I am not only disappointed, I am 
deeply, deeply, deeply frustrated that the key authorities of the PATRIOT Act expired last night, when we had a path forward on legislation that would be constitutionally sound, would be legal, and would be authorized. But what did we do? We got ourselves into a parliamentary quagmire with the fil-ibuster of one individual, which now has left us exposed in the world’s eyes. 
Major authorities were given to our 
intelligence community to be able to pursue the surveillance of potential terrorists, and they have expired. Those authorities included ‘‘lone wolf,’’ the roving wiretap, and some other as-pects involving surveillance, and we have just let them expire at midnight. Right now, I hope we do what we can to pass the USA FREEDOM Act without delay. We need to get these authorities restored. Do we need reform? Abso-lutely. But let’s not delay. Let’s get it going. 
Others are going to speak later on 
today on the merits of the USA FREE-DOM Act. I believe it is our best oppor-tunity to protect the Nation, while bal-ancing privacy and constitutionally ap-proved surveillance. I do support re-forming the PATRIOT Act, but I don’t support unilateral disarmament. I don’t want to throw the PATRIOT Act away. I don’t want to throw away our ability to place potential terrorists under surveillance. I don’t want to give in under the guise of some false pre-tense about privacy where we say, Well, gee, I worry about my privacy, so the terrorists don’t need to worry about us being able to pursue them. 
Our Nation needs to know that when 
bad guys with predatory intent are plotting against the United States of America, we are going to know about it and we are going to stop it. We are going to know about it because we have the legal authority to track them, put them under surveillance, and we are going to stop them before they do very bad things to our country. 
The purpose of my comments today 
is to stand up not only for the ability to have a law but also for the men and women who are working for the intel agencies—for the people who work at the National Security Agency in my own State, the FBI, and other agencies within our intel community who are essential to protecting our country 
against terrorist attacks, whether it is a ‘‘lone wolf’’ or State-sponsored ter-rorism. 
These dedicated, patriotic, intel-
ligence professionals want to operate under a rule of law. They want to oper-ate under a rule of law that is constitu-tional, that is legal, and that is author-ized by the U.S. Congress. They are ready to do their job, but they are won-dering when we are going to do our job. 
Congress needs to pass a bill, as 
promptly as it can, that is constitu-tional, legal, and authorized. 
We on the Intelligence Committee 
have worked long and hard on such a legislative framework. We have cooper-ated with members of the Judiciary Committee, including Senators G
RASS -
LEY of Iowa and L EAHY of Vermont, 
who have also worked on this. We worked together putting our best ideas forward, doing the targeted reform that was essential, not pursuing unilat-eral disarmament, and we now have legislation called the USA FREEDOM Act. Is it a perfect bill? No, it is not perfect, but it is constitutional. If we pass it, it will be legal, and it will be authorized. 
I know the Presiding Officer is a 
military veteran and I support her for her service. The Presiding Officer knows what it is like when people try to trash America. 
Ever since Eric Snowden made his al-
legations, the wrong people have been vilified. The men and women of our in-telligence agencies have been vilified as if they were the enemy or the bad guys. 
I have the great honor to be able to 
represent the men and women who work at the National Security Agency and some other key intelligence agen-cies located in my State. They work a 36-hour day. Many times they have worked a 10-day week. When others have been eating turkey or acting like turkeys, they were on their job, doing their job, trying to protect America. 
Let me tell my colleagues, these peo-
ple who work for the National Security Agency, for the FBI, and other intel-ligence agencies are patriots. They are deserving of our respect, and one way to respect them is to pass the law under which they can then operate in a way that is again appropriate. At times, these men and women, ever since Eric Snowden, have been wrongly vilified by those who don’t bother to inform themselves about national secu-rity structures and the vital functions they perform. Good one-liners and snarky comments have been the order of the day. 
Now, the National Security Agency 
is located in my State, but I am not here because it is in my State. I am here because it is located in the United States of America. Thousands of men and women serve in silence without public accolades, protecting us from cyber attacks, against terrorist at-tacks, as well as supporting our war fighters. I wish the Presiding Officer would have the opportunity to come 
with me to meet them sometime. They are linguists. They are Ph.D.s. the Na-tional Security Agency is the largest employer of mathematicians in Amer-ica. They are the cyber geeks. Many of them are whiz kids. They are the treas-ured human capital of this Nation. If they had chosen to go to work in dot- com agencies, they would have stock options and time off and financial re-wards far beyond what government service can offer. We need to be able to support them, again, by providing them with the legal authority nec-essary. 
Remember, that section 215 is such a 
small aspect of what these intelligence agencies do as they stand sentry in cyber space protecting us. People act as though that is all NSA does. They haven’t even bothered to educate them-selves as to the legality and constitu-tionality of where we are. 
Now, let’s say where we are and let’s 
say where we have been. Much has been said about the PATRIOT Act. It has been sharply criticized. There has been no doubt that it does require reform. That is why the Congress, in its wis-dom, when it passed the bill right after 9/11, put in the safeguard of periodic sunsets so we could take a breather and reexamine the law to make sure what we did was appropriate and nec-essary. 
Congress did pass the PATRIOT Act 
so the men and women at the intel-ligence agencies worked under what they thought was the rule of law that Congress supported. President George Bush also told us and his legal advisors told us that it was constitutional, so people believed it. Those men and women at the intelligence agencies thought they were working under legis-lation that was constitutional, legal, and authorized because we passed it. Well, now others say it wasn’t. Others even want to filibuster about it. They want to quote the Founding Fathers. Well, I don’t know about the Founding Fathers, but I know what the ‘‘found-ing mothers’’ would have said. The ‘‘founding mothers’’ would have said get off the dime and let’s pass this leg-islation. 
We do need good intelligence in a 
world of ISIL, al-Nusra Front, and Al Qaeda. NSA is one of our key agencies on the frontline of defense, and the people of the National Security Agency make up the frontline. As they looked at audits, checks and balances, and oversight, there was no evidence ever of any abuse of inappropriate surveil-lance on American citizens. We need to know that and we need to recognize that. Those employees thought they were implementing a law, but some in the media—and even some in this body—have made them feel as though they were the wrongdoers. I find this insulting and demeaning. 
The morale at the National Security 
Agency was devastated for a long time. People were vilified, families were har-assed for even working at the NSA, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01JN6.026 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3393 June 1, 2015 
and, in some instances, I heard even 
their children were bullied in school. This isn’t the way it should be. They thought they were patriots working for America. When the actions of our own government have placed these workers where they feel under attack—they were attacked by sequester and they felt under attack by a government shutdown because many of them were civilian employees at DOD—they were not paid—and now Congress’s failure to reform national security has further then said: We can take our time. What you are doing is important, but we have to talk some more. 
Gee, we have to talk some more. 
What do you mean we have to talk some more? The only person in the Chamber is my very distinguished col-league, the distinguished colleague from Indiana, whom I work with in such a wonderfully cooperative way on the Intelligence Committee. You know we are not bipartisan, we are non-partisan for the good of the country. 
Where is everybody who wanted to 
speak? Do we see 10, 20, 30, 40, 50 Sen-ators lined up waiting to speak? No. We have to kill time. I don’t want to kill time. I am afraid Americans will be killed. We have to get on this legisla-tion and we have to get our act to-gether and we have to pass it. I want the people to know we cannot let them down by our failure to act and to act promptly. 
I come to the floor to say let’s pass 
the USA FREEDOM Act and let’s do it as soon as we can. I know a vote has been set for 11 o’clock tomorrow. That means that it will be almost 35 or 36 hours since the authorities expired, and then it has to go over to the House. So let’s move it and let’s keep our country safe and let’s get our self-re-spect back. 
For those who looked at our country, 
there were three attitudes toward America: One was great respect for who we are, our rule of law; the other was our fear, because we were once the ar-senal of democracy; and, third, the yearning to be in a country that worked under a Constitution, a Con-gress that worked to solve the prob-lems of our Nation. Can we get back to that? I know the Presiding Officer wants to get back to that. I know my colleague here wants to be part of that. 
Let’s get back together, where shoul-
der to shoulder we shoulder our respon-sibilities, pass the legislation we need to, protect our country, respect the men and women who work there, and say to any foe in the world that the United States of America stands united and is willing to protect us, and to the men and women who work for us in na-tional security, we will support you by passing legislation promptly that is constitutional, legal, and authorized. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana. 
Mr. COATS. Madam President, I 
want to thank my colleague from Maryland, a member of the Senate In-telligence Committee. It is obvious 
this is a bipartisan effort in dealing with the security of the American peo-ple. The Senator from Maryland is not from my party. Together, we serve on the Intelligence Committee. We have served hundreds of hours on that com-mittee together doing everything we can to provide our country with the op-portunity to protect Americans from harm. 
The threat to Americans today has 
never been greater. We are dealing with fires raging in the Middle East and ter-rorist groups forming as we speak, tar-geting the United States and Ameri-cans, and inspiring Americans to take up arms against their fellow citizens for whatever jihadist cause they are using as the basis for the brutality that is spreading throughout the Middle East and that can happen here if they respond to these inspirational social media requests from organizations such as ISIS, Al Qaeda, and many oth-ers. 
I understand Americans’ frustrations 
and concerns about their civil liberties and privacy. Those concerns have been bolstered by acts of government that can hardly be explained. Look at what has taken place with the IRS. Talk about targeting people, invading their privacy and civil rights and using the organization of government for polit-ical purposes is outrageous. Of course, people are up in arms about all of this, the debacle of Benghazi and Fast and Furious and on and on over the years. One can go into what has happened to instill distrust in the minds of the American people. 
When a program such as this comes 
along and, unfortunately, the Amer-ican people are told by Members of this Congress falsehoods as to what this program is and what it isn’t, it just feeds the narrative that Washington is in their bedroom, Washington is in their home, it is in their phone, it is listening to their calls—Washington is monitoring everything they do—their locations. 
This simply is not true. We have an 
organization and tools put in place with that organization, the National Security Agency, following the tragic events of 9/11 that the American people insisted on putting in place. Let’s use the tools that we can to try to prevent another 9/11 from happening, to try to identify terrorist attacks before they happen, not to clean up after they hap-pen. 
The frustration for those of us on the 
Intelligence Committee is we are not able to come down and refute state-ments that are false that are made here without breaching our oath not to release classified information. We have had briefings with all of our Members. Some don’t choose to attend, and therefore their narrative continues without any ability to publicly chal-lenge what is being said. It has been said on this floor that Big Government is listening to everyone’s phone calls. That is patently false. First of all, it is impossible. There 
are trillions of phone calls made every day throughout the world. The calcula-tion is that it would take 330 million employees sitting there monitoring Americans’ phone calls to be able to listen to everyone’s phone calls. It is an impossibility, No. 1. 
No. 2, it is guaranteed that this is not 
happening because the authorities given to the National Security Agency prevent that from happening. There are layers and layers of attorneys and oth-ers who oversee this process, including those of us in the Intelligence Commit-tees in the Senate and the House, the Justice Department, and the executive branch. All three branches of govern-ment are so concerned that this pro-gram could potentially be abused that the oversight is such that it would take a monumental conspiracy, involv-ing hundreds and hundreds of people, to all agree that, yes, let’s do this and breach the law. 
If what has been said on this floor 
about the nature of this program was correct, I would be the first to line up and say I am here to defend the lib-erties that are being abused by the gov-ernment. I guarantee to my constitu-ents that this is a high priority for me, that I do not support anything that would violate their civil rights or vio-late their privacy. That is true of those of us on the Intelligence Committee, whether we are a Democrat or Repub-lican. 
We have heard today from Senator 
K
ING, who is on the committee. We 
have heard from Senator M IKULSKI of 
Maryland, who spoke. We heard from Senator N
ELSON , who was formerly on 
the committee on the Democratic side. On the Republican side, our leader of the committee, Senator B
URR, has laid 
out in great detail how this works. 
The tragedy is that in being forced to 
describe what the program is and what it isn’t, we have had to declassify infor-mation. Guess who is listening. 
I hope a lot of the American people 
are listening because they need to un-derstand that much of what they have heard is simply a falsity. It is factually incorrect. 
I am not going to go into why this 
has happened, why some Members choose to say things like—and I am stating what has been said on this floor—‘‘Big Government is looking at every American’s records, all Ameri-cans’ phone records all the time. They have said the NSA collects Americans’ contacts from address books, buddy lists, calling records, phone records, emails, and do we want to live in a world where the government has us under constant surveillance?’’ 
None of us want to live in that kind 
of world. That is why we live in Amer-ica. That is why America is what it is. This is not Stasi Germany. This is not a Communist regime. This is not a to-talitarian society. We would not allow that here. Our Constitution guarantees privacy and we cherish that privacy and we protect that privacy. But to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01JN6.027 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3394 June 1, 2015 
come down to this floor and make 
statements such as those is irrespon-sible, and it is a narrative that is just not the case. 
Poor Ben Franklin has been dragged 
into this because the quote that has been attributed to Franklin that should drive our decision on this point was: ‘‘Those who would give up essen-tial Liberty to purchase a little tem-porary Safety deserve neither Liberty nor Safety.’’ 
I agree with that, but the key word 
here is ‘‘essential.’’ This matter has come before the Supreme Court, and the Supreme Court has said that what the NSA is doing in storing phone num-bers only—not names, not collecting information—is not essential to lib-erty. They have declared it as a nec-essary, effective tool that is open. The only information that is in your phone record is the date of the call, the num-ber called, the duration, and the time of the call—nothing more than that. 
Why is this done? It is done so that 
when we determine the phone number of a known terrorist in a foreign coun-try, we can go into that haystack of phone numbers and say, Was that phone number connected to a phone number held by someone in America? 
In fact, the former Director of the 
CIA said that we likely would have pre-vented 9/11 because we now know that a phone number in America was con-nected to a phone number of a terrorist group—Al Qaeda—and we could have taken that information to the FISA Court or to a court and gotten permis-sion to check into that to see if that was leading to some kind of terror at-tacks. 
It doesn’t take much to recall the 
images of what happened on 9/11, where we were, what horror we stood and watched coming over the airwaves, and the tragedy and the loss of life that took place, changing the face of Amer-ica. 
So it is important that we tell the 
American people what it is and what it isn’t. It is important that Members take responsibility to understand this is an issue that rises above politics. This is an issue that cannot be used and should not be used for political gain, whether it is monetary gain or whether it is feeding a base of support that responds to the scare tactics of America listening to all of your calls, Big Government in all of your business. 
This is too important an issue. This 
is about the safety of America. This is about preventing us from terrorist at-tacks. The threat is real, and it is more real than it has been in a long, long time. 
So I talked yesterday about the ex-
isting program, what it was and what it isn’t. It has been talked about by my colleagues on the floor. We have moved to a point where we have to choose be-tween the better of two bad choices. 
One choice is that we eliminate the 
program. One of our Members in the Senate has publicly indicated that is what he wants to do. He claims it is unconstitutional. Unfortunately, he 
doesn’t have the support of the Su-preme Court that has dealt with this issue, nor the constitutional lawyers. That is a case that just simply cannot be made because it doesn’t impede on anyone’s liberty. 
Again, I would say, if it did impede 
on Americans’ liberty, I would be the first in line to state that and to fight against it. But it is a solution to some-thing that is not a problem. 
But secondly, because one individual 
would not grant even the shortest of extensions, even an extension on two noncontroversial parts of this program that no one has challenged, to allow that to go forward so that we could keep something in place to address a potential threat that could happen— even that was denied us last evening as the clock was ticking toward midnight, and the program expired. Someone who is so determined to eliminate this en-tire program, who has misrepresented this program to the American people, so determined to stay with his nar-rative that he would not even allow an hour, not even allow a day, not even allow minutes for us to try to reconcile the differences here with the House of Representatives—and those differences are pretty small. 
Senator B
URR has been in negotia-
tions with the House and with Mem-bers of the Senate relative to some changes and modifications in the USA FREEDOM Act, which was supported by a significant bipartisan majority in the House of Representatives. I think that is a step in the right direction. It does not solve all of the problems. My concern with the FREEDOM Act is a concern of many; that is, the act has some major flaws, some of which I thought were fatal. But I have to meas-ure that against nothing. 
Thanks to the procedural maneu-
vering by one Member here, we have been left with only two choices. The Senate majority leader laid those out with some clarity yesterday and today. The choices are completely eliminate the program, go completely dark, take away this tool, and put Americans more at risk—thanks very much, but it is over and try something else—or a provision that has been passed by the House of Representatives that moves collection of the phone numbers from NSA to the telephone companies. The problem with the bill is that it does not mandate that movement. It is a voluntary act that the phone compa-nies are most likely not going to want to adhere to, primarily because they now have to set up a situation where they potentially could be liable for breaches of the people who are over-seeing their program. 
There are 1,400 telephone companies 
in the United States. Many of them are small. But to move this program, which has six layers of oversight at NSA, which has the oversight of the Senate Intelligence Committee and the House Intelligence Committee, which has the oversight of the Department of Justice and the administration, and 
which has the oversight of the Federal intelligence court called FISA—all of that security oversight—to make sure there is no breach will now get trans-ferred over to up to 1,400 telephone companies. 
The people who oversee this pro-
gram—it is a very small number at NSA who operate this program—have had intensive background checks and security clearances. They have proven their commitment to make sure—to do everything possible not to abuse this program. There has never been a docu-mented case, never one case of an abuse of this program—again, a solu-tion to something that is not a prob-lem. 
All of a sudden, now we will have doz-
ens, if not hundreds, if not more than 1,000 phone companies all putting their own programs in place. This is not something they would like to do, No. 1, because it is going to be very costly, and, No. 2, they cannot guarantee that every one of their people is going to have the same kind of background check and security check NSA has. They will not have the oversight of the Intelligence Committees, of the Justice Department, of the executive branch. 
We are trusting a private entity to do 
the kinds of things that multiple agen-cies do. And you can just count on probably some breaches of security there as people want to use the capa-bility to abuse that program for what-ever reason—maybe checking up on their wife or their girlfriend or their business partner or who knows for what possible reasons they could use it. So it really does not add privacy pro-tections; it detracts from privacy pro-tections. 
Secondly, the retention of records is 
voluntary. Now, if we have some amendments that are passed by this body and accepted by the House, we will get notification if a company does not want to retain those records. But there is no retention authority granted here to us to ensure that those compa-nies will keep any phone numbers, and then the capability of the program will be significantly reduced. 
We are having to look at a very so-
phisticated program that the NSA says: We are not sure it is going to work. We are not sure if this process that the FREEDOM Act requires to re-place what we have now is going to be effective. 
It is going to take many months to 
determine if that is the case. So it is an untested program that we are put-ting a bet on that this is going to work. It would be nice to know we had some-thing in place we can easily replace this with. So we are going from the known to the unknown. We are making a bet that this is going to be more ef-fective and provide more privacy for the American people. It is a diminish-ment and a significant degradation of the current program. It will not be as effective as the program that is cur-rently in place. Nevertheless, we have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01JN6.029 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3395 June 1, 2015 
to weigh this against nothing. That is 
the position we have been put in be-cause one Senator would not allow an extension of time for us to have a more lengthy debate and reasonable negotia-tion in consultation with the House of Representatives to arrive at something that will give us more assurance that we have a program in place that does not breach privacy but allows us to de-tect potential terrorist attacks and stop those attacks before they take place. 
Having had to go through all of this 
and raise these kinds of issues here and talk about a fellow colleague is not fun. It is not something I hoped I would ever have to do. But I could not stand by and watch a program that is helping protect American people from known terrorist threats and let their safety be jeopardized by falsehoods that are being said about what this program is and is not. 
It looks like we are coming together 
on something that is far from what we need, that is going to significantly de-grade our capability, but it is the only choice that we have. We are going to have to weigh that decision. Is some-thing that is far less better than noth-ing? Ultimately, given the fact that these threats have never been greater, something—even if it is not what we now have—something is better than nothing. 
But we have been put in this situa-
tion unnecessarily by misrepresenta-tions and a public that has not been in-formed. It is not their fault. We have not been able to because so much of this has been classified. Now, much of it is. Our adversaries, the terrorist groups, know a lot about the program they did not know about before. Thanks to Edward Snowden and thanks to some misrepresentations, we are left with the devil’s bargain, and that is to choose the best of the worst. 
We will talk this through today. We 
will have a vote tomorrow. In my mind, it is absolutely essential that the modifications that are being made, that are being presented—I will not go into depth about those. It has already been talked about here. It is essential that those be passed by this body. It is, of course, essential that the House ac-cept them. I know a lot of negotiation has gone on back and forth, and it will continue. But it is the only way to keep a program in place. Even as de-graded as it is, even as compromised as it is, it is the only way to keep a pro-gram in place. 
So I will be supporting those tweaks, 
those changes, even though I think they are far short of what we need to do to fix the issue that was rushed through the House without much delib-eration. But to make it stronger, to put it in a better position, I will sup-port those. If those amendments can be passed, then I will reluctantly choose to vote for something that is better than nothing, as degraded as it is, in order to keep this program as one of the essential tools—one of many—as we collect information, keep that in 
place. 
I know my colleague from Ohio has 
been seeking the floor for some time. I apologize for taking too long. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. BROWN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that following my remarks, Senator B
LUMENTHAL be rec-
ognized. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BROWN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
CONDOLENCES TO THE BIDEN FAMILY  
Mr. BROWN. Madam President, first, 
I want to offer my deepest sympathy and condolences to Vice President B
IDEN and the entire Biden family. The 
Vice President has been met with more personal tragedy than any person should have to endure in any lifetime. He has faced it all with remarkable grace. He has persevered to accomplish so much good for his family, for his State, and now for his country. We are all indebted to him for that. I know he and Jill and the whole family are in our thoughts and prayers today. 
EXPORT -IMPORT BANK  
Madam President, turning to the 
business before the Senate this month—business that should be in front of the Senate this month—the Senate banking committee will hold two hearings beginning tomorrow on the Export-Import Bank. It is urgent that the Senate move to reauthorize the Ex-Im Bank before the charter ex-pires on June 30. 
Frankly, I find it both curious and 
alarming and also troubling that we seem to be doing this over and over. We do a transportation bill only for a few weeks or a few months. We do the Ex- Im Bank for only a few weeks or a few months. When we act that way, it is wasteful, it is alarming to many, and it makes it almost impossible for compa-nies and State departments of trans-portation and State development agen-cies to plan. It means that far too many companies simply cannot attract the investment they need because of the uncertainty. 
When I hear people complain in this 
body about the uncertainty of govern-ment and of government acting, and then it is those same people who so often block the Export-Import Bank, who want to stumble along for a few weeks of reauthorization or block a transportation bill—that clearly under-mines the ability for our economy to grow and clearly undermines and erodes any kind of investment and planning we should be doing. 
In today’s global economy, we should 
provide American businesses with pre-dictability and support to sell their products around the globe. This should not be controversial. Like the Trans-portation bill, the Export-Import Bank—at least it used to be this way— 
there was almost unanimity. There was consensus. For instance, in 2006 the Ex-port-Import Bank was passed by unani-mous consent. For those obviously not necessarily conversant with Senate- speak, unanimous consent means no-body comes to the floor and objects. That means unanimous. It means that we move together as one to try to do something which obviously adds to our GDP, helps our workers, and helps our community. 
In places such as Columbia and in 
Mahoning County in Ohio, in places such as Dayton and Toledo, I know what globalization has done for our economy. I know that when we can do some things like the Export-Import Bank and a long-term transportation bill and actual planning, it helps the economy grow. 
I know what the plant closings in 
those communities have meant to places such as Mansfield and Gallopolis and Lima and Hamilton. When a plant closes, it not just hurts that family or the employee, it hurts the business, it hurts the community, and it hurts the local hardware store and everybody else. 
We know the Ex-Im Bank supports 
thousands of businesses, large and small, and hundreds of thousands of American jobs. According to the Ex-Im Bank’s estimates, it supported $27 bil-lion in exports and 160,000 American jobs. It is supporting $250 million in deals in just Ohio alone, my State, 60 percent of which went to small busi-ness. 
Opponents who like to talk about 
corporate welfare—the same people who by and large vote for trade agree-ments and tax cuts for the wealthy and trickle-down economics—those same people say this is corporate welfare. 
No, really, it isn’t. Our government 
actually makes money on this, and it is aimed primarily at small businesses. The Ex-Im Bank fills gaps in private export plans. It charges fees, and it charges interest on loan rate-related transactions. The Ex-Im Bank covers its operating costs and its loan costs. Last year, Ex-Im returned $600-plus million to our Treasury. So it doesn’t cost taxpayers; it actually brings money to our country—money that otherwise might go to foreign imports. If we don’t have a big enough trade def-icit, this would make it worse. 
We know that our competitors have 
their own export-import banks. There are some 60 of these around the world. Why should we unilaterally disarm and put our manufacturers and exporters at a competitive disadvantage? That is what we will do if the Bank’s author-ization expires at the end of this month. We need to give our companies, our businesses, and our workers the same leg up as they compete around the world. This should be about as ob-vious as it gets. 
Leader M
CCONNELL is committed to 
giving us a vote on Ex-Im reauthoriza-tion before it expires. I hope that he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01JN6.031 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3396 June 1, 2015 
can manage it better than he managed 
the PATRIOT Act, FISA, the most re-cent issue, the NSA, which has been in front of the Senate, and better than he managed the trade bill that pushed all of this into this week and, as Senator C
OATS said rightly, caused this law to 
expire, which was a mistake. 
We should be planning here better. 
We should be coming together on issues where we can come together. We could have come together earlier on NSA. We could have come together earlier on trade a little bit better. We can cer-tainly come together on a transpor-tation bill and an Ex-Im Bank bill. 
I urge my colleagues in the House to 
act to reauthorize the Bank. Sup-porting U.S. exports should be a cause we all get behind. We have seen too many issues come out of this Senate with bipartisan support, only to watch them die a partisan death in the House. We can’t let that happen with the Ex-port-Import Bank. 
Once again, I hope my colleagues will 
join in pressing our counterparts in the House to get this done. We need to do it. The House needs to do it. We need to provide American workers the support they need to sell our products around the globe. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
OATS ). The Senator from Connecticut. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
feel my speaking at this moment is ap-propriate because much of what I have to say follows logically from the last words of the Presiding Officer when he spoke recently on the USA FREEDOM Act because I agree with the Presiding Officer when he said we need a bill. We need to move forward and approve re-forms and changes in the law that are contained in the USA FREEDOM Act. We may be in disagreement about some of the specifics. We may be in conten-tion about the extent of the changes made. But there is a general consensus that this decade-and-a-half old law is in some need of revision. 
The USA FREEDOM Act contains 
many important and genuinely worth-while changes in the rules that will apply as the United States helps to protect our security but also to safe-guard and preserve essential rights and liberties. That is the balance which needs to be struck. It is a difficult bal-ance in a democracy, one of the most difficult in an area where secrecy has to be maintained because surveillance is more useful if it is done in secret, but at the same time, rights need to be protected in an open society that prides itself on transparent and acces-sible courts. 
Changes in the rules are welcome, 
such as the end to the present system of bulk collection of phone data. We may disagree on that point. Changes in the rules that I support may not be supported by many of my colleagues. I believe the USA FREEDOM Act goes in the right direction on bulk collection of phone data by ending the current practice in its present form. What brings me to the floor is not so 
much a discussion about the rules as the method of enforcing those rules and implementing and assuring that they are faithfully executed, which is the role and the responsibility of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court in the first instance. There are means of appeal from that court, but, as with many courts in our system, that one is likely to be the end destina-
tion on most issues, particularly since it operates in secret. 
The USA FREEDOM Act goes in the 
right direction by making it more transparent and requiring the disclo-sure of significant decisions and opin-ions when it is appropriate to do so and under circumstances that in no way should involve compromising our na-tional security—striking, again, a good balance. 
But this Court, we have to recognize, 
is an anomaly in an open, democratic system. Its secrecy makes it an anom-aly. It works in secret, it hears argu-ments in secret, and it issues opinions in secret. Its decisions are almost never reviewable. It is, unlike most of our institutions, opaque and unac-countable—understandably so because it deals with classified, sensitive infor-mation, protecting our national secu-rity against threats that cannot be dis-closed when they are thwarted in many instances. The success of actions re-sulting from the FISA Court are most valuable when they are known to most American people. 
So this court is special. It is dif-
ferent. But let’s not forget that if we were to say to the Founders of this country that there will be a court that works in secret, has hearings in secret, issues opinions that are kept secret, and its decisions will have sweeping consequences in constitutional rights and liberties, they would say: That sounds a lot like the courts that were abhorrent to us, so much so that we re-belled against the Crown, who said in the Star Chamber, in courts that Eng-land had at the time, that there was no need for two sides to be represented or for openness. Secret, one-sided courts were one of the reasons we rebelled. Men and women laid their lives on the line. They lost their homes, treasures, families, and paid a price for open and democratic institutions. 
So we should be careful about this 
anomalous court. It may be necessary, but we should try to make it work bet-ter, and we have. 
Transparency in the issuance of opin-
ions is very much a step in the right di-rection where the issues are significant and the transparency of those decisions is consistent with our security at the moment. There may be a delay, but we should remember that the bulk collec-tion of phone data, which the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit said was illegal, persisted for so many years because the decision itself was never made known to the American people. 
There is another reform that I think 
is equally if not more significant. Courts that are secret and one-sided 
are likely to be less accessible not only because they are secret but because they are one-sided. So as a part of this reform, I have worked hard and pro-posed, in fact, for the first time a bill that would create an adversarial proc-
ess—two sides represented before the court. 
A bill that I sponsored in 2013 to re-
form the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Court was joined by 18 cospon-sors. I thanked them for their support, both sides of the aisle. The basic struc-tures that I proposed are reflected in the USA FREEDOM Act today. 
Colleagues worked with me—and 
have since—on formulating that bill and in arriving at this moment where the central goals would be accom-plished by section 401 of the USA FREEDOM Act, which provides for the appointment of individuals to serve as amicus curiae—friends of the court—in cases involving a novel or significant interpretation of the law. 
That provision would be egregiously 
undercut—in fact, gutted—by McCon-nell amendment No. 1451 because it would prevent these lawyers—the ami-cus curiae who would be selected by the court—from obtaining the informa-tion and taking the actions they need to advance and protect the strongest and most accurate legal arguments, and that is really eviscerating the ef-fectiveness of this provision as a pro-tection. It is a protection of our rights and liberties because these amicus cu-riae would be public advocates pro-tecting public constitutional rights, and they would help safeguard essen-tial liberties not just for the individ-uals who might be subjects of surveil-lance, whether it be by wiretap or by other means, but for all of us, because the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court is a court. Its decisions have the force of law. Its members are article III judges selected to be on that court, sworn to uphold the law, both constitu-tional law and statutory law. 
So this provision, in my view, is fun-
damental to the court as a matter of concept and constitutional integrity. That integrity is important because it is a court, but it is also important to the trust and confidence the people have in this institution. 
I was a law clerk to the U.S. Supreme 
Court—specifically to Justice Black-mun—and I well recall one of the Jus-tices saying to me: You know, we don’t have armies; we don’t have police forces; we don’t have even the ability to hold press conferences. What we have is our credibility and the trust and confidence of the American people. 
That is so fundamental to the courts 
of this Nation that consist of judges appointed for life, without any real di-rect accountability, as we can be held to through the election process. 
The Foreign Intelligence Surveil-
lance Court has taken a hit in public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01JN6.033 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3397 June 1, 2015 
trust and confidence. There is a ques-
tion about whether the American peo-ple will continue to have trust and con-fidence and whether that sense of legit-imacy and credibility will continue. The best way to ensure it is, is to make the court’s process as effective as pos-sible not just in the way it operates but in the way it is seen and perceived 
to operate, the way the American peo-ple know it should operate, and the way they can be assured that their rights are protected before the court by an advocate, an amicus curiae who will protect those rights of privacy and lib-erty that are integral to our Constitu-tion—and the reason why the Founders rebelled against the English. 
But there is another reason an advo-
cate presenting the side opposing the government is important to the For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Court; that is, everybody makes better deci-sions when they hear both sides of the argument. Judges testified at our hear-ings in the Judiciary Committee about the importance of hearing both sides of the argument, whether it is a routine contract case or a criminal trial— where, by the way, often a judge’s worst nightmare is to have the defend-ant represent himself because the judge is deprived, and so is the jury, of an ef-fective argument on the other side of the government. And so, too, here we were told again and again and again by the judicial officers who testified be-fore our committee—and I have heard it again and again and again as I have litigated over the last 40 years—that judges and courts work best when they hear both sides. 
I have no doubt the judges of the 
FISA Court believe as strongly in con-stitutional rights and implementation of the Constitution as anyone in this body, including myself. I have no doubt government litigators who appear be-fore the court representing the intel-ligence agencies seeking warrants or other actions and approval by the court have a commitment no less than anybody in the United States Senate, including myself, to those essential values and ideals. But courts are con-tentious. They are places where people argue, where sides—different sides—are represented with different views of complex questions, and these issues be-fore the court are extraordinarily com-plex. They also involve technology that is fast changing and often difficult to explain and comprehend and is easily minimized in the consequences that may flow from approval of them. 
So the USA FREEDOM Act would 
provide for, in effect, a panel of advo-cates and experts with proper security clearances that the court can call upon to give independent, informed opinions and advocacy in cases involving a novel or significant interpretation of law, not in every case, not every argument but where there is, for example, the issue of whether the statute authorizes the bulk collection of phone records. 
I tend to think the outcome would 
have been different in that case if the court had been given the opposing side 
of the argument, the argument that eventually prevailed in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit by a unanimous bench. 
So the court really deserves this ex-
pertise. It deserves the other side and it deserves to hear both sides of the ar-gument. Just to clarify, those two sides of the argument should not be in any way given so as to detract from the time necessary. If it is an urgency, the warrant should be issued and the arguments heard later, just as they are in criminal court. When there is an exi-gency of time—and I have done it my-self as a prosecutor—the government’s lawyer should go to the judge, be given approval for whatever is necessary to protect the public or gain access to records that may be destroyed or oth-erwise safeguard security, public safe-ty, and that should be the rule here too. 
Now, in the normal criminal setting, 
at some point, a significant issue of law is going to be litigated if the evi-dence is ever used, and that is the basic principle here too. If there is a novel or significant issue of law, it should be litigated at some point, and that is where the amicus curiae would be in-volved. Security clearance is essential, timing is important, and there should be no compromise to our national secu-rity in the court hearing the argument that the advocate may present on the other side. It can only make for better decisions. In fact, it will benefit all of our rights. 
These provisions were written in con-
sultation with the Department of Jus-tice attorneys who advocate before the FISA Court. They are supported by the Attorney General and the National Di-rector of Intelligence. They reflect the balance and compromise that appear throughout the USA FREEDOM Act. Amendment No. 1451 would upset this balance. It would strike the current provisions providing for the appoint-ment of a panel of amicus curiae—the provisions that represent a carefully crafted balance—and it would com-promise those provisions in a way that need not be done because this balance has the support of numerous stake-holders, from civil liberties groups to the intelligence community, and it would replace this balance, this insti-tution, with an ineffective, far less val-uable advocate. 
There is no need to water down and 
undercut and eviscerate the role of the independent experts by removing re-quirements for the court to appoint a panel of experts to be on call, for the experts to receive briefings on relevant issues, and significantly to provide those experts with access to relevant information. Those provisions are un-necessary and unwise and, therefore, I oppose strongly amendment No. 1451 because it does unnecessarily and un-wisely weaken the role of these experts and amicus curiae. 
Equally important, amendment No. 
1451 would limit access and signifi-cantly restrict the experts in their 
going to legal precedents, petitions, motions or other materials that are crucial to making a well-reasoned ar-gument. It would restrict their access unnecessarily and unwisely; thereby, endangering those rights and liberties the public advocates are there to pro-tect. It would also restrict their ability to consult with one another and share insights they may have gained from re-lated cases as government attorneys are currently able to do. 
By undercutting these essential abili-
ties and authorities, this amendment would hamstring any independence, both in reality and in perception; thereby, also undercutting the trust and confidence this act is designed to bolster and sustain. 
In short, I know many people of good 
conscience may disagree over the best way to reform this law. I accept and I welcome that fact. I welcome also my colleagues’ recognition that an amicus curiae procedure in some form would benefit this court, but I urge my col-leagues to reject an amendment that would lessen its constructive and bene-ficial impact. 
We have already delayed long 
enough. This amendment would not only weaken the bill, it would exacer-bate the delay by sending this bill back to the House. We all want to avoid a very potentially troubling delay in ap-proving this measure. I have been dis-mayed by the divisions and delays that have prevented us from finally approv-ing the USA FREEDOM Act before the existing law expires. We should move now. We should act decisively. We should adopt the USA FREEDOM Act without amendment No. 1451, which would simply further erode the trust and confidence, the legitimacy, and credibility of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
voting against this amendment, pass-ing the USA FREEDOM Act in its cur-rent form, avoiding the delay of send-ing it back to the House and then po-tentially having it come back to the Senate, so we can tell the American people we are protecting the strongest, greatest country in the history of the world from some of the most pernicious and perilous terrorist forces ever in the world’s history. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the 
Senator will withhold his request, we may have a Member who would like to seek the floor. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. I will withhold 
my request, and I will just add, while we are waiting for my colleague to take the floor, that I want to join a number of my colleagues and speak on another matter. 
REMEMBERING BEAU BIDEN  
Mr. President, I join many of my col-
leagues in our feelings and expressing deep sadness on the loss of Beau Biden, one of our Nation’s greatest public servants, one whom I was privileged to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01JN6.034 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3398 June 1, 2015 
join in serving with as attorney gen-
eral—he as the attorney general of Delaware and I of Connecticut. 
I knew Beau Biden well and, in fact, 
sat next to him at many of our meet-ings of the National Association of At-torneys General. There was no one I met as attorney general who was more dedicated to the rule of law, to pro-tecting people from threats to public safety, and respecting their rights and liberties in doing so. 
His loss is really a loss to our Nation 
as well as to the Vice President’s fam-ily and my heart and prayers go out to them. I know how deeply the Vice President loved Beau Biden and how much, as a dad, his death will unspeak-ably and unimaginably affect him. 
So, again, I want to express, on be-
half of Cynthia and myself, our thoughts and prayers which are with the Vice President and his family at this time. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Dakota. 
ARTIFACTS TO HONOR NORTH DAKOTA SOLDIERS  
WHO LOST THEIR LIVES IN VIETNAM  
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, since 
March, I have been speaking on the Senate floor about the 198 North Dako-tans who died while serving in the Vietnam war. But today I want to talk about something a little different. I want to talk about projects that were made by the Bismarck High School juniors in commemoration of these servicemen who gave the ultimate sac-rifice in Vietnam. 
Three Bismarck High teachers, Laura 
Forde, Sara Rinas, and Allison Wendle, are working with their history and English class students to research the lives and deaths of North Dakota’s fall-en servicemen in Vietnam. I am partnering with these high school stu-dents to learn about and to honor these men. 
In addition to conducting research, 
contacting families, and writing essays about these North Dakotans who died in Vietnam, the Bismarck High stu-dents took this information and cre-ated artifacts to further honor these men. It is their goal to place these arti-facts by the soldiers’ names at the Vietnam Memorial wall when these students come to Washington, DC, this fall. 
Over 150 students worked in groups or 
individually to create some truly amazing artifacts. It was difficult to single out a few to share with you today on the Senate floor but know that the artifacts I describe today are truly examples of this wonderful project that has connected these young students with the stories and the fami-lies of the young men who gave their lives for our country almost 50 years ago. 
The first artifact I will show you is 
for John Lundin. 
McKenzie Rittel, Emily Schmid, 
Brittany Hawkinson, and Shelby Wittenberg are Bismarck High School juniors who reached out to John Lundin’s son and daughter-in-law, Ray 
and Cheri Lundin. The girls learned that John wanted to be a farmer after completing his Army service and paint-ed a farm scene on the scoop of a shov-el. On the shovel’s handle, they wrote John’s dates of birth and death in pur-ple to represent his Purple Heart Medal. Also on the handle, they paint-ed a Bronze Star and a Silver Star— medals that John earned while in serv-ice. 
John’s family worked with the stu-
dents to commemorate John’s service. They mailed the students soil from the Kansas land where John intended to farm and a small John Deere tractor. The students placed the Kansas soil in a jar with North Dakota soil and put the tractor on the lid. 
If it works out, John’s son and 
daughter-in-law may try to join the students in visiting the Vietnam Vet-erans Memorial wall in November to place these artifacts by John’s name. 
Hunter Lauer and Kyra Wetzel paired 
up to research the life and death of Roy Wagner, who was a student at Bis-marck High School about 50 years be-fore them. 
In high school, Roy was a lineman on 
the football team and wore No. 62. Hun-ter and Kyra decorated a Bismarck High School football jersey with Roy’s last name and wrote his dates of birth, deployment, and death in the numeral ‘‘6’’ and the medals received for his service and sacrifice in the numeral ‘‘2.’’ Hunter and Kyra compared Roy’s football position as a guard to his Army position on the battlefield pro-tecting his comrades and his friends. 
Hoping that his tribute to Navy sea-
man Mitchell Hansey will last a long time, Bismarck High School student Logan Mollman decided to carve Mitchell’s name into a piece of wood. Learning that Mitchell served on the Navy APL 30 barge during his entire tour, Logan hand-carved the full APL 30 emblem into the wood and then pro-tected the project with a coat of lac-quer. The emblem consists of the Stars and Stripes on the left, three bars on the right, and an apple in the middle for APL, or Auxiliary Personnel Light-er. Logan is looking forward to the placement of his project in honor of Mitchell at the Vietnam Veterans Me-morial wall. 
Ashley Erickson, Kaleb Conitz, and 
Sam Stewart are the three students who researched the life and death of Marine Corps Capt. Ernest Bartolina. 
Ernest was flying a Chinook heli-
copter on a medevac mission when his helicopter was shot down and he was killed. To honor him, the students placed a small Purple Heart Medal on a model Chinook helicopter. They deco-rated the board that holds the heli-copter with music notes, because Er-nest played the French horn, and with the Marine Corps and Purple Foxes em-blems to represent that he belonged to the HMM–364 Squadron. 
Kadon Freeman also created an arti-
fact to commemorate the life of Ernest Bartolina. Kadon drew Ernest’s Chi-
nook medevac helicopter and a jungle setting of Vietnam. In the helicopter, he incorporated photos of men who served in Vietnam, stating: 
The reason I made this CH–46 collage of 
soldiers in Vietnam was to represent Ernest Bartolina and the fallen heroes of the war with the medevac which he died in. I think that this is a good representation of him be-cause he volunteered to be in the war. 
Bismarck High School student 
Shaydee Pretends Eagle and PFC Roger Alberts are both from the Spirit Lake Sioux Reservation in North Da-kota. It is this connection that led Shaydee to research Roger’s life and decide to make by hand a ‘‘God’s eye’’ for a lost son of the Sioux Tribe. She hand-wove the yarn of her God’s eye in red and yellow. She hand-beaded ‘‘37E,’’ the panel location of Roger’s name on the Vietnam Veterans Memorial wall, in black and white. These four colors are the colors of the medicine wheel— very important colors to the Native American culture. 
Let me read what Shaydee said in her 
own words about honoring Private First Class Alberts: 
I decided to make a God’s Eye because as 
Native Americans, we believe that every-thing belongs to the Creator; the land, the animals, the food we eat, and ourselves. We believe that this life on earth is only tem-porary. We believe we were put here to grow, love and learn, and then we return home. Our culture has made most Natives artists. Some of the things we do consist of bead work, feather work, quill work, cloth work, buck-skin work, painting and dentalium work. All is made by hand, which means whatever we decide to make, we put our mind, heart, and time into. Our elders say, ‘‘always do things with a good heart,’’ because the energy and vibes we have at the time stay with what-ever we are making, which is why I hope I put my best into the God’s Eye. 
Taylor Anderson, Austin Wentz, and 
Miriah Leier are 11th graders who cre-ated a large F4D Phantom plane to leave at the Vietnam Veterans Memo-rial wall in honor of Air Force Lt. Col. Wendell Keller. 
The students contacted Wendell’s 
family, who shared mementos and photos of Wendell and told them about Wendell’s life, the 1969 plane crash, and the 2012 identification of his remains. The family even mailed the students items recovered from Wendell’s crash site, including pieces of a zipper and air tube. 
Taylor, Austin, and Miriah built and 
decorated the plane with images of Wendell and the medals he was award-ed in recognition of his extraordinary service. The students named the plane the Carol II, in honor of Wendell’s wife. 
Brenna Gilje and Courtney Hirvela 
learned that CPT Thomas Alderson was a multisport athlete and lettered in tennis, basketball, and track when he was a student at Grand Forks Central High School. 
Brenna and Courtney contacted the 
school to obtain the school letters and had a dog tag made with Tom’s infor-mation on it. In their report, these girls noted: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01JN6.037 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3399 June 1, 2015 
This letter represents Alderson’s high 
school years and it can easily be related to a lot of teenage boys today. The letter with the dog tag shows how quickly he had to grow up and mature in such a short amount of time. As Alderson joined the military, he turned in his letter, along with his child-hood, for a dog tag. 
When McKayla Boehm began her 
project, she looked at different sol-diers’ names to find the right person to research. She noticed one of the killed- in-action had the same last name as hers, and she started to look into the soldier’s family tree and her own fam-ily tree. McKayla found that Army SGT Richard Boehm was a cousin to her grandfather. McKayla decided to draw a family tree to show how she was related to Sergeant Boehm. This con-nection made the project that much more meaningful to McKayla. She had no idea she was related to a soldier who was killed in action in Vietnam. 
McKayla added some information 
about Richard by his name on her fam-ily tree and wrote a note to him, thanking him for his service and ex-pressing her desire that he were still with us so she could have gotten to know him. This project also empha-sized for McKayla the importance of appreciating family and friends be-cause you never know when the people who are closest to you may be taken away. 
Nicole Holmgren, Tiffani Friesz, 
Brandi Bieber, and Georgia Marion looked for Gerald ‘‘Gerry’’ Klein’s fam-ily members and spoke on the phone with Gerry’s brother Bob. 
Bob told the students about Gerry’s 
life growing up in rural North Dakota, about being the oldest of five kids and working on the family farm. In fact, Bob explained to the girls that Gerry made the farm his priority, choosing to spend all of his free time there. 
The four students created a farm 
complete with grass, tractors, rocks, and farm animals to represent the place where Gerry felt happiest—on the farm where he planned to return and make his life with his fiancee after serving in the Army. 
Jaycee Walter and Kambri Schaner 
decorated a fishing hat to commemo-rate Thomas Welker, a staff sergeant who served in Vietnam in the Army. 
The students learned that prior to 
being drafted, Thomas enjoyed spend-ing his free time fishing with his young family. On the fishing hat, Jaycee and Kambri wrote Thomas’ name and dates of birth and death. On eight fishing lures they hung from the hat, they wrote the names of Thomas’ family members and the awards he received during his service to our country. 
Bailee McEvers, Teagan McIntyre, 
Shandi Taix and Maisie Patzner filled a fishing tackle box with items that were important to Michael Meyhoff who served in the Army during the Vietnam war. 
These four students communicated 
with Michael’s family, who described Michael’s interest in baseball, rock col-lecting, hunting, and fishing. The stu-dents filled the tackle box with a base-
ball, rocks, shotgun shells, and fishing lures to represent his hobbies. They also decorated the box with pictures of Michael and the baseball field in Cen-ter, ND, that is named after him. 
Finally, the final photo I will show 
you today is of a young man who was 
impacted in a very meaningful way in his research. Zach Bohlin is a talented student who carved a piece of wood into the shape of North Dakota. Zach added a peace sign, the soldier’s name, and then expressed his own feelings about the sacrifice made by the Viet-nam soldier he researched. 
I would like to share the beautiful 
sentiment expressed by Zach through his project at Bismarck High School. 
The empty chair, 
The absence of one voice in the air. Emotions take over with fear. You’re all I can’t hear. Damn the opinions of the world, It’s only filled with selfish words. Scream and never be heard, Keep quiet, carry on Sir. Bring with you your heartfelt rhymes, From the uncharted waters of your mind. Take your wounded skin and fly, It takes true love to sacrifice your life. 
This project has meant so much to 
the families of the soldiers who have been researched. This project has meant so much to these young stu-dents who are connected in a way where, without these three great teach-ers, they would never have been con-nected to those who were killed in ac-tion in Vietnam. They would never have appreciated the sacrifice, and, in many ways, these soldiers would never be remembered. 
I can’t say how proud I am, as their 
Senator, of the wonderful students of Bismarck High School and the great teachers who have taken on this project. It has meant so much to me, it has meant so much to the families, and I think it has really meant so much to so many of the Vietnam veterans of my State who are still with us, who see this period of commemoration—as dic-tated by the President—as an impor-tant time to heal the wounds of Viet-nam. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
COMMENDING SENATOR GRAHAM  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
understand that the majority leader is on his way here to close out the Senate very shortly. I want to take 1 minute to recognize a significant milestone in the life of one of our colleagues here on the floor. That colleague is our friend Senator L
INDSEY GRAHAM , and that 
milestone is his retirement from the U.S. Air Force and Reserve, which he has served for more than 30 years. I think that 30 years of service—particu-larly 30 years of service overlapping with the responsibilities of being a U.S. Senator—is something that is worth a kind word. 
The quality of Senator G
RAHAM ’s 
service was impeccable. He has been awarded the Bronze Star Medal for his service. He has been recognized for his loyalty to the Air Force by being ap-
pointed to the U.S. Air Force Academy Board of Visitors. Clearly, his con-tribution to the U.S. Air Force has been real. But I think Senator G
RAHAM  
would also be the first one to say that he believes the U.S. Air Force made more of a contribution to him than he did to the U.S. Air Force. I think that is one of the reasons he was such a good U.S. Air Force and Reserve offi-cer, and it is also one of the reasons that we have such affection for him here in the Senate. 
I have to say that I disagree with 
Senator G
RAHAM about a great number 
of things. He is a very, very conserv-ative Member of the Senate. But we get to know one another in this body. I like Senator G
RAHAM . I respect Senator 
GRAHAM , and I am pleased to come to 
the floor today to commend Senator G
RAHAM for what must be a somewhat 
emotional milestone as he steps down from the uniform that he has now worn for more than 30 years for our country. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REMEMBERING JOHN G. 
HEYBURN II 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, on 
Friday, May 8, I had the honor of pay-ing tribute to a dear friend, John Heyburn, who passed away on April 29 after a long illness. 
I ask unanimous consent that the re-
marks I gave during the celebration of his life at St. Francis in the Fields Episcopal Church in Harrods Creek, KY, be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[May 8, 2015] 
LEADER MCCONNELL ’SEULOGY OF JOHN 
HEYBURN  
We lost John just a few days ago, but it’s 
been a long goodbye. 
And so Martha, as we celebrate John this 
morning, we honor you too. 
Because through it all, you were his most 
faithful companion, his fiercest advocate, and a cherished lifeline to those of us who loved him dearly. 
And we’re grateful. Scripture tells us that heaven is a city. 
And I like to think that even in life John 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01JN6.042 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3400 June 1, 2015 
would have appreciated the comparison. He 
loved this city and all that it meant to him— the connection it gave him to family and the father he so admired—the opportunity it gave him to help so many others over the years as a mentor, a friend, a neighbor, and as a wise and patient jurist. 
John just loved being with people—and we 
loved being with him. He was a man who was full of life and vigor and a boundless curi-osity about the world around him and the people who filled it. 
Above all, though, he was good. They say that politics is a contact sport, 
which is true. I confess I enjoy it. But it’s also true that politics carries temptations for all us who are involved in it. Most of us struggle with those temptations, and some occasionally cross the line. Not John. 
John Heyburn had as much integrity as 
anyone I have ever known. As a young man, he dreamed of being a politician. But what he really wanted, I think, was to play a part in shaping events—to leave a mark on his country, his city, his community . . . to live not just for himself but for others. 
Like so many other great men, he found 
his heart’s ambition in an unexpected place: in the courtroom he came to love, in his marriage with Martha, and in the sons he cherished. And in these last few years, he showed his greatness in another unexpected way. It was in his heroic struggle against a terrible illness that he inspired us most with his optimism and his athlete’s spirit. He let us accompany him on the journey, and we we’re the better for it. 
To borrow the words of another U.S. Sen-
ator, John taught us how to live and he taught us how to die. 
We will miss his hearty laugh, his kind 
eyes, his thoughtful presence. But as we say our final goodbye to this good man, we are comforted by the thought that he is now in the heavenly city, where we are told that every tear will be wiped away, full of vigor and new life. 
And we are consoled to think that John 
Heyburn has finally heard those words he longed to hear: ‘‘Well done, good and faithful servant, enter your master’s joy.’’ 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING GEORGE HALEY 
∑Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
recently paid tribute to George Haley, a distinguished Tennessean and distin-guished American who died at the age of 89 on May 13. 
I ask unanimous consent that the ar-
ticle ‘‘George Haley, the Giant Who Never Quit,’’ by Bankole Thompson, published in the Michigan Chronicle and a copy of a resolution passed by the Kansas Senate honoring George Haley be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Michigan Chronicle, May 18, 2015] 
GEORGE HALEY , THEGIANT WHONEVER QUIT 
(By Bankole Thompson) 
Malcolm X, in ‘‘The Autobiography of Mal-
colm X: As Told to Alex Haley,’’ described by Time magazine as one of the 10 best non-fic-tion books of the century, told Alex Haley to remind his younger brother, George Haley, not to forget that it was because of Malcolm and others raising hell in the streets as fighters for racial democracy that George was able to make it in Kansas where he be-came the first Black state senator in 1964. Eight years ago in the basement of his Sil-
ver Spring home in Maryland, I asked George what he thought of Malcolm’s remarks about him in that seminal book. He looked at me and laughed and called it ‘‘a rather inter-
esting distinction.’’ I smiled back and we continued looking over materials he wanted to share with me including letters Alex wrote to him as he traveled around the coun-try and the world. From the correspondences I deduced that he was Alex’s secret weapon. 
Last week, George Haley, the man known 
to many as ‘‘Ambassador Haley’’ died May 13 at his home at the age of 89 following an ill-ness. No man has had a bigger impact on my life growing up than George Haley. He was an accomplished lawyer, a United States Ambassador, a veteran of the U.S. Air Force, a son of the South, a family man, a More-house man, a thinker of the Black experience and a person who did not allow Jim Crow to subdue him when he became the second Black to earn a law degree at the University of Arkansas. As he would explain later, he was living in a basement and would go up-stairs to take his classes. He would go on to serve six U.S. presidents. 
I met George when I was a teenager look-
ing to explore the possibilities of the world and how to better myself living in a father-less home. Being raised by a grandmother who was doing her best, I had the good for-tune one day of meeting Ambassador Haley, who instantly took interest in me. He treas-ured my grandmother and congratulated her on many occasions for her efforts in raising a Black boy. Not knowing what the future would hold for me as a teenager because I did not have the typical structure of parental support, George entered my life, enamored by my germinating skills as a budding writ-er. As a mentor, he told me the world was my oyster and shared stories of his life with me. 
One day, during one of my regular visits to 
his office, he started asking pointed ques-tions about the unexplained absence of my dad. I told him the stories my grandmother shared with me about my father not being at home. He looked at me closely, tense and upset. He shook his head and told me never to feel bad about that because ‘‘the man up-stairs’’ was in control. He was not an absent father. He was a present father who loved and always talked about his kids. 
No doubt, having someone of his stature 
say that to a lad who was at a crucial stage in life was reassuring. Many young men today, especially Black boys, need the con-fidence and support of accomplished men who have crossed every Rubicon with grace and dignity, to tell them that their world is not going to fall apart and support them in ensuring that they too can be meaningfully and productively engaged and become change makers. 
We developed a father-son relationship. He 
told me about Dr. Benjamin Elijah Mays, the former president of Morehouse College and the man who mentored him and Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and others. His favorite phrase from Dr. Mays that he left me with was, ‘‘The man who out thinks you, rules you.’’ 
He talked about the need for critical 
thinkers in the Black community, and said we owed it to ourselves to provide an atmos-phere that would illuminate the brilliance of Black boys and allow them to grow into manhood and find a sense of achievement. 
He talked about the responsibilities of 
writers having the ability and power to nar-rate and shape history. Black writers in par-ticular, he believed, should never fail to ar-ticulate the Black experience and tell stories that often could otherwise go missing. He referenced many times the book ‘‘Roots,’’ written by Alex and how it impacted the world. I still kept a copy of ‘‘Roots’’ in my 
study which he autographed for me as a birthday gift. We discussed on numerous times the importance of preserving a bibliog-raphy of Black writers of the last century. 
As a Morehouse graduate of the class of 
1949, the same time Dr. King was at More-house, he believed in the philosophy of Dr. Mays and what he did in training and pre-paring generations of Black men like him and others at Morehouse who would go on to change the world and better their commu-nities. 
George Haley was a first-rate gentleman of 
the era before and after Jim Crow. In 1963, Alex Haley wrote in Readers Digest, ‘‘George Haley: The Man Who Wouldn’t Quit,’’ an ar-ticle that chronicled the persistent racial humiliation he underwent at the University of Arkansas. 
‘‘The first day of school, he went quickly 
to his basement room, put his sandwich on the table, and headed upstairs for class. He found himself moving through wave upon wave of White faces that all mirrored the same emotions—shock, disbelief, then chok-ing, inarticulate rage. The lecture room was buzzing with conversation, but as he stepped through the door there was silence. He looked for his seat. It was on the side be-tween the other students and the instructor. When the lecture began, he tried desperately to concentrate on what the professor was saying, but the hate in that room seeped into his conscience and obliterated thought. On the second day, he was greeted with open taunts and threats: ‘‘You, nigger, what are you doing here?’’ ‘‘Hey, nigger, go back to Africa.’’ He tried not to hear, to walk with an even pace, with dignity,’’ Alex wrote about George in a piece that was a classic ex-hibit of the Jim Crow era. 
When Dr. King appeared at Kansas State 
University (KSU) in January of 1968, George came with him. Decades later, the university would invite him to return in 2011 to hear the rediscovered recordings of King’s re-marks. What was also discovered was an-other piece of history: After King’s assas-sination, a handwritten note with George’s name on it was found in his coat pocket. 
In 2010, during one of his shuttle visits to 
Michigan, he asked me to meet him for lunch at the Westin Hotel in Southfield. There I asked him about the note found in King’s jacket. He said he was happy the new infor-mation would allow the university to do more around race and justice and went on to explain how it happened. 
King scribbled down names of individuals, 
including George, that he needed to recog-nize before speaking at KSU. George and three other university officials, including then KSU President McCain, had chartered a plane to pick King up in Manhattan, Kansas so he could come speak at the university. 
George Haley believed in education and his 
life was shaped by seminal events. When he came out of law school, he joined the law firm of Stevens Jackson in Kansas, which provided work in the Brown v. Board of Edu-cation case in Topeka. 
I treasured his mentorship. I cherished the 
father figure he was to me. I was honored to have known and spent a significant amount of time with him. I accompanied him to events he wanted me to be at. 
For instance, when his close friend Simeon 
Booker, whose groundbreaking coverage of the Emmett Till murder trial made him one of the most iconic Black journalists of all time, celebrated his 50 years as Washington Bureau chief for Jet magazine, George asked me to accompany him to the celebration. The event was a Who’s Who of the Black writers world. 
His lasting impact on me would never wane 
with passage of time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN6.017 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3401 June 1, 2015 
Before he became ill, I always expected an 
interrogating call from him at the office in a sagely voice wanting to know what the lat-est update was with me, especially if he didn’t hear from me for a month or two. If his call went to voice mail, our receptionist Pauline Leatherwood, would leave a note to say that George Haley called from Maryland. 
When my son was born he was excited. He 
sent a Christmas gift for him every year. It was always predictable—something to keep him warm in the winter. We talked about fa-therhood and the challenges and opportuni-ties that come with such responsibility, highlighted in Dr. Curtis Ivery’s book ‘‘Black Fatherhood: Reclaiming Our Leg-acy.’’ 
He would remind me sometimes of the first 
day we met and the impression I made on him, and how life, often punctuated by chal-lenges, has a way of taking us to places un-thinkable. 
George Williford Boyce Haley, born in 
Henning, Tennessee, will be missed by his wife, Doris Haley, a retired Washington, D.C. educator, and his children attorney Anne- Haley Brown, who works in the Los Angeles City Attorney’s Office, and son David Haley, a Kansas state senator and his beloved grandchildren. 
When I think about George Haley’s demise, 
I think about the adage that, ‘‘Those who have lived a good life do not fear death, but meet it calmly, and even long for it in the face of great suffering. But those who do not have a peaceful conscience dread death as though life means nothing but physical tor-ment. The challenge is to live our life so that we will be prepared for death when it comes.’’ 
George Haley lived a full life and he will 
continue to live on in the lives of those he helped and mentored. 
He was a man of mark, and the giant who 
never quit. 
SENATE RESOLUTION NO. 1707 
A Resolution recognizing 50 years of black 
state senators in Kansas and honoring George W. Haley, the first elected black state senator in Kansas 
Whereas, February of each year is des-
ignated ‘‘Black History Month’’ in the United States, and, in Kansas, Governor Sam Brownback has also designated the same, urging all Kansans to recognize accomplish-ments and contributions to Kansas made by people of color; and 
Whereas, The 1965 session of the Kansas 
State Legislature was the first time in his-tory that blacks would serve in the Kansas Senate, a legislative body that first com-menced upon Statehood in 1861; and 
Whereas, George Williford Boyce Haley 
was born on August 28, 1925, in Henning, Ten-nessee. After serving in World War II in the U.S. Air Force, George Haley attended More-house College with fellow student Martin Lu-ther King, Jr. and became one of the first Af-rican-Americans to graduate from the Uni-versity of Arkansas School of Law. George Williford Boyce Haley, a Republican Kansas City attorney and resident of Wyandotte County, and Democrat Curtis McClinton, Sr., a realtor from Wichita and member of the Kansas House of Representatives, were both elected to the Kansas Senate in the general election held in November, 1964. Haley was officially accorded first-elected status be-cause his district number, 11, numerically preceded McClinton’s district number, 26. Haley’s last name alphabetically precedes McClinton’s and Wyandotte County election officials reported election results to the Sec-retary of State’s office before Sedgwick County election officials reported results; and Whereas, Haley joined the firm of Stevens, 
Jackson and Davis in Kansas City, Kansas, who provided legal assistance in the land-mark civil rights case, Brown v. Board of Education in Topeka, Kansas. Haley then served as Deputy City Attorney in Kansas City, Kansas; and 
Whereas, In the Kansas Legislature, Sen-
ator George Haley was an advocate for per-sonal liberties and social equity, and a vi-sionary for inclusion. He was often not sup-ported by fellow members of the Kansas Sen-ate, including members from his own polit-ical party. A noted example of putting prin-ciples above partisan or popular politics was his near-solo support for fair and equal hous-ing; and 
Whereas, Haley went on to serve in six 
United States presidential administrations. He served as Chief Counsel of the Federal Transportation Administration under Presi-dent Nixon, Associate Director for the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission at the U.S. Information Agency and General Coun-sel and Congressional Liaison under Presi-dent Ford, Senior Advisor to the U.S. delega-tion of the United Nations Educational, Sci-entific and Cultural Organization under President Reagan, Chairman of the Postal Rate Commission under President George H.W. Bush and, under President Clinton, as the U.S. Ambassador to the Republic of The Gambia in West Africa, from whence Haley’s forefather Kuntah Kinteh was brought to America; and 
Whereas, Haley now lives in Silver Spring, 
Maryland, with his wife of 60 years, Doris; and 
Whereas, Over the last 50 years, beginning 
with George W. Haley, only eight other black people have served in the Kansas State Sen-ate: Curtis R. McClinton; Bill McCray; Eu-gene Anderson; U.L. ‘‘Rip’’ Gooch; Sherman J. Jones; David B. Haley; Donald Betts Jr.; and Oletha Faust-Goudeau. Edward Sexton Jr. held the honorary title of Kansas State Senator, but did not serve: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Senate of the State of Kansas , 
That we do hereby honor and recognize the half century of elected Afri-Kansans in this Chamber, cognizant during Black History Month of their contributions to the great-ness of our state. We especially acknowledge the accomplishments of our first elected black member, George W. Haley, who, through determination, hard work and the grace of God, broke numerous barriers to be-come a distinguished and inspiring American statesman, and be it further 
Resolved , That the Secretary of the Senate 
shall send two enrolled copies of this resolu-tion to Ambassador George W. Haley. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SALOME RAHEIM 
∑Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
would like to pay tribute to one of my constituents, who has recently an-nounced that she will be resigning from her position as dean of the University of Connecticut School of Social Work. Dr. Salome Raheim has served in this leadership position for 7 exemplary years, and she will return as a faculty member during July of this year. 
Dr. Raheim has dedicated her career 
to advancing diversity and cultural competence across the board in areas from higher education to health and human services. During her time as dean, she has established numerous ini-tiatives that have strengthened her de-partment and contributed immensely to the future success of her students. Her tireless efforts and contributions 
as dean will be remembered fondly and will be missed by many. 
Under Dr. Raheim’s leadership, the 
school has developed a campus-wide Just Community initiative, which ad-vocates for a safer, more diverse com-munity that is both equal and inclu-sive. The school has also expanded en-gagement between private and public agencies, in order to better provide for local communities and underrep-resented populations. Dr. Raheim has also aided in fostering international partnerships with universities in Ger-many and Armenia, to the West Indies and Jamaica. All of these efforts have been a part in the overall establish-ment of this department as a nation-ally-recognized faculty of experts. 
As the first African-American woman 
to hold a deanship at UConn, and as a nationally recognized leader in the field of social work education, Dr. Raheim has undoubtedly left her mark on the UConn School of Social Work. 
My wife Cynthia and I are honored to 
celebrate Dr. Raheim’s achievements, and we wish her all the best as she be-gins the next chapter of her life. I know that many across the State of Connecticut will join me in congratu-lating her on this laudable occasion. ∑ 
f 
CONCORD, NEW HAMPSHIRE 250TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
∑Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, New 
Hampshire’s capital city, Concord, is celebrating its 250th anniversary this year. To be exact, this is the anniver-sary of the city’s being rechristened as Concord in recognition of a peaceful agreement that resolved a boundary dispute with the adjacent town of Bow in 1765. 
The city’s beginnings go back to 1725, 
when the Province of Massachusetts Bay established the area as the Planta-tion of Penacook, borrowing an Abenaki Native American word mean-ing ‘‘crooked place,’’ which refers to the serpentine bends of the Merrimack River just east of the city. Since 1808, when Concord became our capital city, it has been the civic and cultural heart of the Granite State. Along with its central place in New Hampshire geog-raphy and history, Concord has re-tained the friendliness and charm of a classic New England community. 
In a sense, it was in Concord that the 
United States of America was born as a constitutional republic. In June 21, 1788, in the city’s Old North Meeting House, deputies from across the State approved the new federal constitution. And because New Hampshire was the decisive ninth of the original 13 States to approve the document, the Constitu-tion was declared ratified and became the law of the land. 
Likewise, it was men from Concord 
who were in the forefront of defending the Constitution during the Civil War. Following the bombardment of Fort Sumter, President Lincoln called for 75,000 troops. In Concord, a recruiting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN6.019 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3402 June 1, 2015 
station was set up near the Statehouse, 
and 50 volunteers enlisted by the end of the first day. The first to volunteer was Concord police constable Edward Sturtevant, who 20 months later made the ultimate sacrifice at the Battle of Fredericksburg. It is said that the First New Hampshire Volunteer Regi-ment, mustered in Concord, was the first fully equipped regiment of volun-teers to go to the front in 1861. Today, prominently displayed in the State capitol building in Concord, are the tattered, bloodstained regimental flags carried by Granite State soldiers at Bull Run, Antietam, Gettysburg, and other Civil War battlefields. 
The magnificent gold-domed State-
house, at the center of Main Street, was completed in 1819, and is the oldest State capitol in which both houses of the legislature meet in their original chambers. The house of representatives consists of 400 members and is the third largest legislative body in the English-speaking world, exceeded only by the U.S. House and the British House of Commons. 
For two centuries, Concord has been 
a commercial center and transpor-tation hub, connected first by canal and later by railway and highway with Boston. In the first half of the 19th cen-tury, the city’s Abbot Downing car-riage manufacturer was known world-wide for its Concord Stagecoach, famed as ‘‘the coach that won the West.’’ 
Since the late 1800s and continuing 
today, the city has been famous for its granite quarries. The local granite type, Concord granite, is prized for its fine texture and absence of discoloring oxides and minerals. It has been used in the construction of countless Civil War monuments, the Library of Con-gress, the Brooklyn Bridge, and the Pentagon, including portions of the Pentagon lost on 9/11. 
Concord has been home to many peo-
ple of renown, including Franklin Pierce, our Nation’s 14th President. As a former public school teacher, my per-sonal hero is Christa McAuliffe, a Con-cord High School social studies teacher who was selected by NASA from more than 11,000 applicants to become the first teacher in space. Tragically, she perished aboard the Space Shuttle Challenger , but she is memorialized in 
Concord at the Christa McAuliffe School and the McAuliffe-Shephard Discover Center. 
From my 6 years as Governor, I can 
testify that Concord’s greatest assets are the everyday people of the city, who are unfailingly gracious and friendly. And, though I am far from ob-jective, I think that Concord’s Main Street is one of the very best in New England. It takes its character not only from the historic architecture, but also from the stores, cafes, and res-taurants—places where people know your name, and where the small busi-ness owners are right there, every day. 
Concord is marking its 250th anniver-
sary, this year, with multiple events and festivities, including a week-long celebration in August. And the city is 
also looking to the future, with an am-bitious project to renew the city’s cen-ter. Mayor Jim Bouley and the people of Concord are determined to preserve the historic character and charm of downtown, while also creating a 21st century Main Street. I salute their city’s rich past and present, and I look forward to joining in the anniversary celebrations in the near future. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING DISTRICT 
DONUTS.SLIDERS.BREWS. 
∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, small 
businesses are often on the front lines of partnering with local organizations and non-profits to fight for change in their communities. I am proud to an-nounce District Donuts.Sliders.Brews. of New Orleans, LA, as Small Business of the Week. 
Opened on the iconic Magazine Street 
in October 2013, District Donuts .Sliders.Brews., District D.S.B., has quickly become a Garden District sta-ple. This establishment is not an ordi-nary doughnut shop. One can expect to find an ever-changing variety of treats ranging in selection from peanut but-ter chocolate raspberry to spicy maple praline to whiskey ginger. In addition to over 100 doughnut options, District D.S.B. also offers a variety of made-to- order sliders. The only brews one will find at District D.S.B. consist of the coffee variety. One of District D.S.B.’s most popular beverages is their cold pressed coffee, which has been nitrogen brewed for nearly 30 hours. 
In addition to offering a diverse se-
lection of doughnuts, sliders, and brews, District D.S.B. is also well- known for partnering with local com-munity organizations and non-profits. Most recently, District D.S.B. em-barked on a partnership with Cross-roads NOLA—a nonprofit organization for the development of a citywide fos-ter care and adoption initiative. To-gether, the two aim to educate and en-gage adults in the greater New Orleans community of Louisiana’s foster care system through their campaign WeDon’tServeKids. The details of this innovative initiative touch at the heart of the Louisiana spirit. WeDon’tServeKids targets Louisian-ians’ generosity, southern hospitality, love of food, and appreciation for tradi-tion through the creation of their Streatcar food truck. On any given night, one can find District D.S.B’s Streatcar catering weddings, recep-tions, parties, and events across the greater New Orleans area. One hundred percent of the profits from the Streatcar go to support Crossroads NOLA—aiding children in foster care and families across the State through a variety of services the organization of-fers. 
Congratulations again to District 
Donuts.Sliders.Brews. for being se-lected as Small Business of the Week. Thank you for your continued commit-ment to serving kids and families in your community—effectively improv-
ing the lives of young folks in Lou-isiana for generations to come. ∑ 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–1661. A communication from the Chief 
of the Planning and Regulatory Affairs Branch, Food and Nutrition Service, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Profes-sional Standards for State and Local School Nutrition Programs Personnel as Required by the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010’’ (RIN0584–AE19) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1662. A communication from the Acting 
Director of Defense Procurement and Acqui-sition Policy, Department of Defense, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regu-lation Supplement: Past Performance Infor-mation Retrieval System—Statistical Re-porting (PPIRS–SR)’’ ((RIN0750–AI40) (DFARS Case 2014–D015)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1663. A communication from the Under 
Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Con-gress on Department of Defense Fiscal Year 2014 Purchases from Foreign Entities’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1664. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director, Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Manpower and Reserve Af-fairs), Department of the Air Force, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1665. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director, Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Under Secretary of Defense (Intelligence), Department of De-fense, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
EC–1666. A communication from the Asso-
ciate General Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Office of the Secretary, Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Final Affordability Deter-mination—Energy Efficiency Standards’’ (RIN2501–ZA01) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 13, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1667. A communication from the Chair-
man and President of the Export-Import Bank, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to a transaction involving U.S. exports to Azerbaijan; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1668. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the export to the People’s Republic of China of items not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1669. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Export Administration, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01JN6.001 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3403 June 1, 2015 
Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-
ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Wassenaar Arrangement 2014 Plenary Agreements Implementation and Country Policy Amendments.’’ (RIN0694–AG44) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1670. A communication from the Chair-
man and President of the Export-Import Bank, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to a transaction involving U.S. exports to Luxembourg; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1671. A communication from the Chair-
man and President of the Export-Import Bank, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to a transaction involving U.S. exports to the United Arab Emirates; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1672. A communication from the Chair-
man and President of the Export-Import Bank, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to a transaction involving U.S. exports to South Africa; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1673. A communication from the Chair-
man and President of the Export-Import Bank, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to a transaction involving U.S. exports to Mexico; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1674. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Energy Efficiency and Renew-able Energy, Department of Energy, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Annual Report to Congress on Federal Gov-ernment Energy Management and Conserva-tion Programs, Fiscal Year 2012’’; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
EC–1675. A communication from the Chief 
of the Branch of Permits and Regulations, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Migratory Bird Permits; Removal of Yellow-billed Magpie and Other Revisions to Depredation Order’’ (RIN1018–AY60) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 21, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1676. A communication from the Chief 
of the Endangered Species Listing Branch, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Threatened Species Status for Dakota Skipper and En-dangered Species Status for Poweshiek Skipperling’’ (RIN1018–AY01) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 21, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1677. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Net Positive Suction Head for Emergency Core Cooling and Containment Heat Removal Sys-tem Pumps’’ (NRC–2015–0107) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1678. A communication from the Chief 
of the Division of Policy and Programs, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Boating Infrastruc-ture Grant Program’’ (RIN1018–AW64) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 21, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1679. A communication from the Acting 
Chief of the Endangered Species Branch of Listing, Fish and Wildlife Service, Depart-ment of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant 
to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endan-gered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Designation of Critical Habitat for Neosho Mucket and Rabbitsfoot’’ (RIN1018–AZ30) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 21, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1680. A communication from the Dep-
uty Director, Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare and Medicaid Program; Revisions to Deem-ing Authority Survey, Certification, and En-forcement Procedures’’ ((RIN0938–AQ33) (CMS–3255-F)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 21, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–1681. A communication from the Chief 
Counsel, Foreign Claims Settlement Com-mission of the United States, Department of Justice, transmitting the Commission’s an-nual report for 2014; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1682. A communication from the Acting 
Chief Administrative Law Judge, Office of Administrative Law Judges, Department of Labor, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Rules of Practice and Procedure for Administrative Hearings Be-fore the Office of Administrative Law Judges’’ (RIN1290–AA26) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 19, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1683. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2012 Report on the Preventive Medicine and Public Health Training Grant and Inte-grative Medicine Programs’’; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1684. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s fiscal year 2012 report on the Nurse Education, Practice, Quality, and Retention Program; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1685. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel, Pension Benefit Guaranty Cor-poration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Benefits Payable in Terminated Single-Employer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Valuing and Paying Bene-fits’’ (29 CFR Part 4022) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1686. A communication from the Acting 
Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Services, Office of the General Counsel, De-partment of Education, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘As-sistance to States for the Education of Chil-dren With Disabilities’’ (RIN1820–AB65) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 21, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1687. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Illinois; Emission Limit Infrastructure SIP Require-ments for the 2008 Ozone, 2010 NO2, and 2010 SO2 NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9927–94–Region 5) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1688. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-
titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maryland; Determination of Attainment of the 1997 8- Hour Ozone National Ambient Air Quality 
Standard for the Baltimore, Maryland Seri-ous Nonattainment Area’’ (FRL No. 9928–15– Region 3) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1689. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Ohio; Re-moval of General Conformity Regulations’’ (FRL No. 9927–98–Region 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1690. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Re-visions to the Attainment Plans for the Commonwealth of Virginia Portion of the Washington, DC–MD-VA 1990 1-Hour and the 1997 8-Hour Ozone Nonattainment Areas and the Maintenance Plan for the Fredericksburg 1997 8-Hour Ozone Maintenance Area to Re-move the Stage II Vapor Recovery Program’’ (FRL No. 9927–90–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1691. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; West Vir-ginia; Permits for Construction and Major Modification of Major Stationary Sources Which Cause or Contribute to Nonattain-ment Areas’’ (FRL No. 9928–02–Region 3) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1692. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; State of Colorado; Re-gional Haze State Implementation Plan’’ (FRL No. 9928–16–Region 8) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1693. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Air Quality Implementa-tion Plans; Ohio: Cleveland and Delta; Deter-mination of Attainment for the 2008 Lead Standard’’ (FRL No. 9927–96–Region 5) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1694. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Modification of the Designations of the Caribbean Ocean Dredged Material Dis-posal Sites’’ (FRL No. 9928–04–Region 2) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1695. A communication from the Chief 
Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN6.007 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3404 June 1, 2015 
a rule entitled ‘‘Final Flood Elevation Deter-
minations’’ ((44 CFR Part 67) (Docket No. FEMA–2015–0001)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 19, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1696. A communication from the Board 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Administration’s Semi-An-nual Report of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015 and the Management Response; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–1697. A communication from the Senior 
Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘General Services Ad-ministration Acquisition Regulation (GSAR); Unique Item Identification (UID)’’ (RIN3090–AJ53) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–1698. A communication from the Fed-
eral Co-Chair, Appalachian Regional Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Semiannual Report of the In-spector General for the period from October 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–1699. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Commission, Office of General Counsel, Federal Trade Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revisions to Rules of Practice’’ (16 CFR Parts 3 and 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1700. A communication from the Chief 
of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Section 73.622(i), Post-Transition Table of DTV Allotments, Television Broad-cast Stations (Bend, Oregon)’’ (MB Docket No. 15–88, DA 15–584) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1701. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, Office of the General Counsel, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Administrator, Fed-eral Highway Administration, Department of Transportation, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1702. A communication from the Asso-
ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Assistant Sec-retary/Administrator, Transportation Secu-rity Administration, Department of Home-land Security, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1703. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, Office of the General Counsel, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Administrator, Pipe-line and Hazardous Materials Safety Admin-istration, Department of Transportation, re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1704. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled 
‘‘Fisheries Off West Coast States; Coastal Pelagic Species Fisheries; Closure’’ (RIN0648–XD916) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to 
the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1705. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Reef Fish Fishery of the Gulf of Mexico; Red Snapper Management Measures’’ (RIN0648–BE91) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1706. A communication from the Assist-
ant Administrator for Fisheries, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Com-merce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act Provisions; Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Groundfish Fish-ery; Framework Adjustment 53’’ (RIN0648– BD93) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–1707. A communication from the Assist-
ant Administrator for Fisheries, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Com-merce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Act Provisions; Northeast Multispecies Fish-ery; 2015 and 2016 Sector Operations Plans and 2015 Contracts and Allocation of North-east Multispecies Annual Catch Entitle-ments’’ (RIN0648–XD461) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1708. A communication from the Assist-
ant Administrator for Fisheries, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Com-merce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act Provisions; Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Groundfish Fish-ery; Fishing Year 2015; Recreational Manage-ment Measures’’ (RIN0648–BE82) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1709. A communication from the Acting 
Director, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Groundfish Fishery by Non- Rockfish Program Catcher Vessels Using Trawl Gear in the Western and Central Regu-latory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648– XD929) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–1710. A communication from the Acting 
Director, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Ocean Perch in the Ber-ing Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XD909) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1711. A communication from the Acting 
Director, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Ocean Perch in the Ber-ing Sea and Aleutian Islands Management 
Area’’ (RIN0648–XD918) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1712. A communication from the Acting 
Director, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Ocean Perch in the Ber-ing Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XD921) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1713. A communication from the Acting 
Director, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Trawl Catcher Vessels in the Central Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XD910) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1714. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulations and Safety Zones; Marine Events Held in the Sector Long Is-land Sound Captain of the Port Zone’’ ((RIN1625–AA08 and RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0125)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1715. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation and Safety Zones; Re-curring Marine Events Held in the Coast Guard Sector Northern New England Captain of the Port Zone’’ ((RIN1625–AA08 and RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2014–0865)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1716. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Se-curity Zone, U.S. Open Golf Championship, South Puget Sound; University Place, WA’’ ((RIN1625–AA87) (Docket No. USCG–2014– 1075)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–1717. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Agat Marina, Agat, Guam’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015– 0300)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–1718. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Marine Safety Unit Savannah Safety Zone for Heavy Weather and Other Natural Disasters, Savannah Captain of the Port Zone, Savannah, GA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2014–1017)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1719. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN6.008 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3405 June 1, 2015 
‘‘Safety Zones and Regulated Navigation 
Area; Shell Arctic Drilling/Exploration Ves-sels and Associate Voluntary First Amend-ment Area, Puget Sound, WA’’ ((RIN1625– AA00 and RIN 1625–AA11) (Docket No. USCG– 2015–0295)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1720. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Southern Branch Elizabeth River; Chesapeake, VA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0117)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1721. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Floating Construction Plat-form, Chicago River, Chicago, IL’’ ((RIN1625– AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0333)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1722. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Apra Outer Harbor and Adja-cent Waters, Guam’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Dock-et No. USCG–2015–0304)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1723. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Monongahela River Mile 68.0– 68.8; Rices Landing, PA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0284)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1724. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Pamlico River; Washington, NC’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2015–0287)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1725. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Portland Dragon Boat Races, Portland, OR’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2014–0492)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1726. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; 24 Mile Tampa Bay Marathon Swim, Tampa Bay; Tampa, FL’’ ((RIN1625– AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0071)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1727. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Manitowoc River, Manitowoc, WI’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2015– 0132)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-
tation. 
EC–1728. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; St. Marks River, Newport, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0120)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1729. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Authority Citation for Part 71: Des-ignation of Class A, B, C, D, and E Airspace Areas; Air Traffic Service Routes; and Re-porting Points, and Part 73: Special Use Air-space’’ (RIN2120–AA66) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1730. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Restricted Area Boundary Descrip-tions; Joint Base Lewis-McChord, WA’’ (RIN2120–AA66) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1731. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Zephyrhills, FL’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0917)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1732. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Cando, ND’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0746)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1733. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Livingston, MT’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0518)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1734. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Alma, NE’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0745)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1735. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Encinal, TX’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0741)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1736. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Cypress, TX’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0743)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1737. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Edgeley, ND’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0537)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1738. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Key Largo, FL’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0729)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1739. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; West Creek, NJ’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0662)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1740. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Manchester, NH’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0601)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1741. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Baton Rouge, LA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2014–1072)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1742. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Baltimore, MD’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0793)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1743. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No . FAA–2015–0930)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1744. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No . FAA–2014–0655)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN6.009 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3406 June 1, 2015 
EC–1745. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0528)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1746. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Sonora, TX’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0427)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1747. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2011–0475)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1748. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; ATR–GIE Avions de Trans-port Regional Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0497)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1749. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Dassault Aviation Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–0830)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1750. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Various Aircraft Equipped With Wing Lift Struts’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–1083)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1751. A communication from the Assist-
ant Chief Counsel for Hazmat, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Hazardous Materials: Enhanced Tank Car Standards and Operational Controls for High-Hazard Flammable Trains’’ (RIN2137– AE91) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. PAUL (for himself, Mr. W YDEN , 
and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ): S. 1471. A bill to require declassification of 
certain redacted information from the Joint Inquiry into Intelligence Community Activi-ties Before and After the Terrorist Attacks of September 2001 and for other purposes; to the Select Committee on Intelligence. 
By Mr. MURPHY (for himself, Mr. 
B
OOKER , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. M ARKEY , 
Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ): 
S. 1472. A bill to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 to reform and modernize the Universal Service Fund Lifeline Assistance Program; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself and 
Mr. M CCAIN): 
S. Res. 189. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the Senate regarding the 25th anni-versary of democracy in Mongolia; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 139 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
139, a bill to permanently allow an ex-clusion under the Supplemental Secu-rity Income program and the Medicaid program for compensation provided to individuals who participate in clinical trials for rare diseases or conditions. 
S. 223 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
223, a bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish a pilot program on awarding grants for provi-sion of furniture, household items, and other assistance to homeless veterans to facilitate their transition into per-manent housing, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 248 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 248, a bill to clarify the rights of Indians and Indian tribes on Indian lands under the National Labor Rela-tions Act. 
S. 257 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 257, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act with respect to physician supervision of 
therapeutic hospital outpatient serv-ices. 
S. 275 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the 
name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 275, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the coverage of home as a site of care for infusion therapy under the Medicare program. 
S. 289 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. HIRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
289, a bill to prioritize funding for an expanded and sustained national in-vestment in biomedical research. 
S. 311 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ), the Senator from New 
York (Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) and the Sen-
ator from Michigan (Mr. P ETERS ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 311, a bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to address and take action to prevent bullying and harassment of students. 
S. 317 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 317, a bill to improve early edu-cation. 
S. 335 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 335, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to im-prove 529 plans. 
S. 439 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 439, a bill to end discrimination based on actual or perceived sexual ori-entation or gender identity in public schools, and for other purposes. 
S. 553 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
553, a bill to marshal resources to un-dertake a concerted, transformative ef-fort that seeks to bring an end to mod-ern slavery, and for other purposes. 
S. 559 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name 
of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K IRK) 
was added as a cosponsor of S. 559, a bill to prohibit the Secretary of Edu-cation from engaging in regulatory overreach with regard to institutional eligibility under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes. 
S. 637 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 637, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presump-tions relating to the exposure of cer-tain veterans who served in the vicin-ity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes. 
S. 682 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 682, a bill to amend the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN6.010 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3407 June 1, 2015 
Truth in Lending Act to modify the 
definitions of a mortgage originator and a high-cost mortgage. 
S. 683 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
names of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) and the Senator from New 
Mexico (Mr. U DALL ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 683, a bill to extend the principle of federalism to State drug policy, provide access to medical mari-juana, and enable research into the me-dicinal properties of marijuana. 
S. 713 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 713, a bill to prevent international violence against women, and for other purposes. 
S. 740 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 740, a bill to improve the co-ordination and use of geospatial data. 
S. 797 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 797, a bill to amend the Railroad Revitalization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976, and for other purposes. 
S. 799 
At the request of Mr. M CCONNELL , 
the name of the Senator from Lou-isiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 799, a bill to combat the rise of prenatal opioid abuse and neo-natal abstinence syndrome. 
S. 890 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 890, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide consistent and reliable authority for, and for the fund-ing of, the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund to maximize the effective-ness of the Fund for future genera-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 928 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 928, a bill to reauthorize the World Trade Center Health Program and the September 11th Victim Com-pensation Fund of 2001, and for other purposes. 
S. 1056 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1056, a bill to eliminate racial profiling by law enforcement, and for other purposes. 
S. 1126 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1126, a bill to modify and extend the National Guard State Part-nership Program. 
S. 1130 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1130, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to improve pro-cedures for legal justice for members of the Armed Forces, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1239 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1239, a bill to amend the Clean Air Act with respect to the ethanol waiver for the Reid vapor pressure limitations under that Act. 
S. 1250 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1250, a bill to encourage States to require the installation of residen-tial carbon monoxide detectors in homes, and for other purposes. 
S. 1260 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1260, a bill to direct the Federal Communications Commission to revise and update its sponsorship identification rules applicable to com-mercial and political advertising. 
S. 1297 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1297, a bill to update the Commercial Space Launch Act by amending title 51, United States Code, to promote competitiveness of the U.S. commer-cial space sector, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1300 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1300, a bill to amend the sec-tion 221 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act to provide relief for adop-tive families from immigrant visa feeds in certain situations. 
S. 1344 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1344, a bill to clarify that non-profit organizations such as Habitat for Humanity can accept donated mort-gage appraisals, and for other purposes. 
S. 1364 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1364, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to re-quire the payment of an additional re-bate to the State Medicaid plan in the case of increase in the price of a ge-neric drug at a rate that is greater than the rate of inflation. 
S. 1380 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1380, a bill to support early learn-ing. 
S. 1382 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1382, a bill to prohibit discrimina-tion in adoption or foster care place-ments based on the sexual orientation, gender identity, or marital status of any prospective adoptive or foster par-ent, or the sexual orientation or gender identity of the child involved. 
S. 1393 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1393, a bill to require the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to include in each regulatory impact analysis for a pro-posed or final rule an analysis that does not include any other proposed or unimplemented rule. 
S. CON. RES. 17 
At the request of Mr. R OUNDS , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. Con. Res. 17, a concurrent resolution establishing a joint select committee to address regulatory re-form. 
S. RES. 148 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
Res. 148, a resolution condemning the Government of Iran’s state-sponsored persecution of its Baha’i minority and its continued violation of the Inter-national Covenants on Human Rights. 
S. RES. 176 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. Res. 176, a resolution des-ignating September 2015 as ‘‘National Brain Aneurysm Awareness Month’’ . 
S. RES. 184 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 184, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that conversion therapy, including efforts by mental health practitioners to change the sex-ual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression of an individual, is dangerous and harmful and should be prohibited from being practiced on mi-nors. 
At the request of Mr. B
OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. Res. 184, supra. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 189—EX-
PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING THE 25TH ANNIVERSARY OF DEMOCRACY IN MONGOLIA 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself and 
Mr. M
CCAIN) submitted the following 
resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 189 
Whereas the United States Government es-
tablished diplomatic relations with the Gov-ernment of Mongolia in January 1987; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN6.003 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3408 June 1, 2015 
Whereas, in 1990, the Government of Mon-
golia declared an end to a one-party, author-itarian, Communist political system and adopted a lasting, multiparty democracy and free market reforms; 
Whereas the Government of Mongolia has 
demonstrated a commitment to democracy and continues to strengthen democratic in-stitutions in Mongolia; 
Whereas the Government of Mongolia is an 
important leader in, and model for, the suc-cessful and peaceful transition to democ-racy; 
Whereas Mongolia successfully chaired the 
Community of Democracies, which was held in Ulaanbaatar in 2013, and sponsored a United Nations General Assembly resolution entitled ‘‘Education for Democracy’’ (United Nations General Assembly Resolution 69/268 (2015)) to promote democratic institutions, civic life, and human rights; 
Whereas President Tsakhiagiin Elbegdorj 
has stated that Mongolia is willing to serve as ‘‘a center of democracy education, a life model for challenges and opportunities of freedom’’; 
Whereas Mongolia is committed to free-
dom of expression and other basic human rights, becoming the first country in Asia to chair the Freedom Online Coalition and hosting the annual Freedom Online con-ference in Ulaanbaatar in May 2015; 
Whereas Mongolia will host the 11th Asia- 
Europe Meeting (ASEM) Summit in 2016 in Ulaanbaatar, which will bring together Euro-pean and Asian countries in an informal dia-logue to address political, economic, social, cultural, and educational issues, with the ob-jective of strengthening the relationship be-tween the two regions in a spirit of mutual respect and equal partnership; 
Whereas the Government of Mongolia es-
tablished an International Cooperation Fund to share experiences and to support the ad-vance of democracy and democratic values in other emerging nations, including Kyrgyzstan, Afghanistan, and Burma; and 
Whereas the United States Government 
has a longstanding commitment, because of the interests and values of the United States, to encourage economic and political reforms in Mongolia: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) congratulates the people and the Gov-
ernment of Mongolia on the 25th anniversary of the first democratic elections in Mon-golia, which will be celebrated on July 29, 2015; 
(2) commends Mongolia for a peaceful and 
successful democratic transition; 
(3) expresses support for the continued ef-
forts of the Government of Mongolia to pro-mote democracy, transparency, rule of law, and other shared values between Mongolia and the United States; 
(4) acknowledges the shared interest of the 
United States Government and the Govern-ment of Mongolia in promoting peace and stability in Northeast and Central Asia; 
(5) recognizes the role of Mongolia as a 
global leader for emerging democracies; 
(6) recognizes that the United States 
should continue to support actions taken by the Government of Mongolia to— 
(A) further develop democratic institu-
tions; and 
(B) promote transparency, accountability, 
and community engagement; and 
(7) recommends that the United States 
Government expand academic, cultural, and other people-to-people partnerships between Mongolia and the United States. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 1454. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. 
PAUL) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2048, to 
reform the authorities of the Federal Gov-ernment to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveil-lance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign intelligence, counter-terrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1455. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. 
P
AUL) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2048, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1456. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1457. Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. 
W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2048, to reform the authorities of the Federal Gov-ernment to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveil-lance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign intelligence, counter-terrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1458. Mr. PAUL (for himself and Mr. 
W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2048, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1459. Mr. PAUL (for himself and Mr. 
W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2048, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1460. Mr. PAUL (for himself and Mr. 
W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2048, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1461. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1462. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 1454. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and 
Mr. P AUL) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2048, to reform the authorities of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveil-lance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign in-telligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROHIBITION ON DATA SECURITY VUL-
NERABILITY MANDATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subsection (b), no agency may mandate that a manufacturer, developer, or seller of cov-ered products design or alter the security functions in its product or service to allow 
the surveillance of any user of such product or service, or to allow the physical search of such product, by any agency. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not 
apply to mandates authorized under the Communications Assistance for Law En-forcement Act (47 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.). 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning 
given the term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code; and 
(2) the term ‘‘covered product’’ means any 
computer hardware, computer software, or electronic device that is made available to the general public. 
SA 1455. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and 
Mr. P AUL) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2048, to reform the authorities of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveil-lance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign in-telligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . CLARIFICATION ON PROHIBITION ON 
SEARCHING OF COLLECTIONS OF COMMUNICATIONS TO CONDUCT WARRANTLESS SEARCHES FOR THE COMMUNICATIONS OF UNITED STATES PERSONS. 
Section 702(b) of the Foreign Intelligence 
Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a(b)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through 
(5) as subparagraphs (A) through (E), respec-tively, and indenting such subparagraphs, as so redesignated, an additional two ems from the left margin; 
(2) by striking ‘‘An acquisition’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An acquisition’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
LARIFICATION ON PROHIBITION ON  
SEARCHING OF COLLECTIONS OF COMMUNICA -
TIONS OF UNITED STATES PERSONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), no officer or employee of the United States may conduct a search of a collection of communications acquired under this section in an effort to find communica-tions of a particular United States person (other than a corporation). 
‘‘(B) C
ONCURRENT AUTHORIZATION AND EX -
CEPTION FOR EMERGENCY SITUATIONS .—Sub-
paragraph (A) shall not apply to a search for communications related to a particular United States person if— 
‘‘(i) such United States person is the sub-
ject of an order or emergency authorization authorizing electronic surveillance or phys-ical search under section 105, 304, 703, 704, or 705 of this Act, or under title 18, United States Code, for the effective period of that order; 
‘‘(ii) the entity carrying out the search has 
a reasonable belief that the life or safety of such United States person is threatened and the information is sought for the purpose of assisting that person; or 
‘‘(iii) such United States person has con-
sented to the search.’’. 
SA 1456. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN6.011 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3409 June 1, 2015 
of Defense and for military construc-
tion, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. ll. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION SUP-
PORTING LONG-RANGE PLANS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF NAVAL VESSELS. 
Section 231(b)(2)(C) of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘by ship class in both graphical and tabular form’’ after ‘‘The estimated levels of annual funding’’. 
SA 1457. Mr. UDALL (for himself and 
Mr. W YDEN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2048, to reform the authorities of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveil-lance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign in-telligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE IX—PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES 
OVERSIGHT BOARD REFORM 
SEC. 901. SHORT TITLES. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Strength-
ening Privacy, Oversight, and Transparency Act’’ or the ‘‘SPOT Act’’. 
SEC. 902. INCLUSION OF FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE 
ACTIVITIES IN OVERSIGHT AUTHOR-ITY OF THE PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIB-ERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD. 
Section 1061 of the Intelligence Reform and 
Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee) is amended by inserting ‘‘and conduct foreign intelligence activities’’ after ‘‘ter-rorism’’ in the following provisions: 
(1) Paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (c). (2) Subparagraphs (A) and (B) of subsection 
(d)(1). 
(3) Subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of sub-
section (d)(2). 
SEC. 903. SUBMISSION OF WHISTLEBLOWER COM-
PLAINTS TO THE PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD. 
Section 1061 of the Intelligence Reform and 
Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee), as amended by section 902, is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (d), by adding at the end 
the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(5) W
HISTLEBLOWER COMPLAINTS .— 
‘‘(A) S UBMISSION TO BOARD .—An employee 
of, or contractor or detailee to, an element of the intelligence community may submit to the Board a complaint or information that such employee, contractor, or detailee believes relates to a privacy or civil liberties concern. 
‘‘(B) A
UTHORITY OF BOARD .—The Board may 
take such action as the Board considers ap-propriate with respect to investigating a complaint or information submitted under subparagraph (A) or transmitting such com-plaint or information to any other Executive agency or the congressional intelligence committees. 
‘‘(C) R
ELATIONSHIP TO EXISTING LAWS .—The 
authority under subparagraph (A) of an em-ployee, contractor, or detailee to submit to the Board a complaint or information shall be in addition to any other authority under another provision of law to submit a com-plaint or information. Any action taken under any other provision of law by the re-cipient of a complaint or information shall 
not preclude the Board from taking action relating to the same complaint or informa-tion. 
‘‘(D) R
ELATIONSHIP TO ACTIONS TAKEN  
UNDER OTHER LAWS .—Nothing in this para-
graph shall prevent— 
‘‘(i) any individual from submitting a com-
plaint or information to any authorized re-cipient of the complaint or information; or 
‘‘(ii) the recipient of a complaint or infor-
mation from taking independent action on the complaint or information.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(n) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the 
terms ‘congressional intelligence commit-tees’ and ‘intelligence community’ have the meaning given such terms in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003).’’. 
SEC. 904. PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVER-
SIGHT BOARD SUBPOENA POWER. 
Section 1061(g) of the Intelligence Reform 
and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee(g)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(D), by striking ‘‘submit 
a written request to the Attorney General of the United States that the Attorney Gen-eral’’; 
(2) by striking paragraph (2); and (3) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) 
as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively. 
SEC. 905. APPOINTMENT OF STAFF OF THE PRI-
VACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVER-SIGHT BOARD. 
Section 1061(j) of the Intelligence Reform 
and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee(j)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) 
as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(2) A
PPOINTMENT IN ABSENCE OF CHAIR -
MAN.—If the position of chairman of the 
Board is vacant, during the period of the va-cancy the Board, at the direction of the ma-jority of the members of the Board, may ex-ercise the authority of the chairman under paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 906. PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVER-
SIGHT BOARD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1061 of the Intel-
ligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee), as amended by sections 902 and 903, is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘full- 
time’’ after ‘‘4 additional’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4)(B), by striking ‘‘, ex-
cept that’’ and all that follows through the end and inserting a period; 
(2) in subsection (i)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘level 
III of the Executive Schedule under section 5314’’ and inserting ‘‘level II of the Executive Schedule under section 5313’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘level 
IV of the Executive Schedule’’ and all that follows through the end and inserting ‘‘level III of the Executive Schedule under section 5314 of title 5, United States Code.’’; and 
(3) in subsection (j)(1), by striking ‘‘level V 
of the Executive Schedule under section 5316’’ and inserting ‘‘level IV of the Execu-tive Schedule under section 5315’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE; APPLICABILITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amendments made by 
subsection (a) shall— 
(A) take effect on the date of enactment of 
this Act; and 
(B) except as provided in paragraph (2), 
apply to any appointment to a position as a member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board made on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) E
XCEPTIONS .— (A) C OMPENSATION CHANGES .—The amend-
ments made by paragraphs (2)(A) and (3) of subsection (a) shall take effect on the first day of the first pay period beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(B) E
LECTION TO SERVE FULL TIME BY INCUM -
BENTS .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—An individual serving as a 
member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board on the date of the enact-ment of this Act, including a member con-tinuing to serve as a member under section 1061(h)(4)(B) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee(h)(4)(B)), (in this subparagraph re-ferred to as a ‘‘current member’’) may make an election to— 
(I) serve as a member of the Privacy and 
Civil Liberties Oversight Board on a full- time basis and in accordance with section 1061 of the Intelligence Reform and Ter-rorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee), as amended by this Act; or 
(II) serve as a member of the Privacy and 
Civil Liberties Oversight Board on a part- time basis in accordance with such section 1061, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, including the limi-tation on service after the expiration of the term of the member under subsection (h)(4)(B) of such section, as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(ii) E
LECTION TO SERVE FULL TIME .—A cur-
rent member making an election under clause (i)(I) shall begin serving as a member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board on a full-time basis on the first day of the first pay period beginning not less than 60 days after the date on which the current member makes the election. 
SEC. 907. PROVISION OF INFORMATION ABOUT 
GOVERNMENT ACTIVITIES UNDER THE FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SUR-VEILLANCE ACT OF 1978 TO THE PRI-VACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVER-SIGHT BOARD. 
The Attorney General should fully inform 
the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board about any activities carried out by the Government under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), including by providing to the Board— 
(1) copies of each detailed report submitted 
to a committee of Congress under such Act; and 
(2) copies of each decision, order, and opin-
ion of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court or the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Court of Review required to be in-cluded in the report under section 601(a) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1871(a)). 
SA 1458. Mr. PAUL (for himself and 
Mr. W YDEN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2048, to reform the authorities of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveil-lance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign in-telligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROHIBITION ON DATA SECURITY VUL-
NERABILITY MANDATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subsection (b), no agency may mandate that a manufacturer, developer, or seller of cov-ered products design or alter the security functions in its product or service to allow 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN6.015 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3410 June 1, 2015 
the surveillance of any user of such product 
or service, or to allow the physical search of such product, by any agency. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not 
apply to mandates authorized under the Communications Assistance for Law En-forcement Act (47 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.). 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning 
given the term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code; and 
(2) the term ‘‘covered product’’ means any 
computer hardware, computer software, or electronic device that is made available to the general public. 
SA 1459. Mr. PAUL (for himself and 
Mr. W YDEN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2048, to reform the authorities of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveil-lance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign in-telligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . CLARIFICATION ON PROHIBITION ON 
SEARCHING OF COLLECTIONS OF COMMUNICATIONS TO CONDUCT WARRANTLESS SEARCHES FOR THE COMMUNICATIONS OF UNITED STATES PERSONS. 
Section 702(b) of the Foreign Intelligence 
Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a(b)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through 
(5) as subparagraphs (A) through (E), respec-tively, and indenting such subparagraphs, as so redesignated, an additional two ems from the left margin; 
(2) by striking ‘‘An acquisition’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An acquisition’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
LARIFICATION ON PROHIBITION ON  
SEARCHING OF COLLECTIONS OF COMMUNICA -
TIONS OF UNITED STATES PERSONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), no officer or employee of the United States may conduct a search of a collection of communications acquired under this section in an effort to find communica-tions of a particular United States person (other than a corporation). 
‘‘(B) C
ONCURRENT AUTHORIZATION AND EX -
CEPTION FOR EMERGENCY SITUATIONS .—Sub-
paragraph (A) shall not apply to a search for communications related to a particular United States person if— 
‘‘(i) such United States person is the sub-
ject of an order or emergency authorization authorizing electronic surveillance or phys-ical search under section 105, 304, 703, 704, or 705 of this Act, or under title 18, United States Code, for the effective period of that order; 
‘‘(ii) the entity carrying out the search has 
a reasonable belief that the life or safety of such United States person is threatened and the information is sought for the purpose of assisting that person; or 
‘‘(iii) such United States person has con-
sented to the search.’’. 
SA 1460. Mr. PAUL (for himself and 
Mr. W YDEN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2048, to reform the authorities of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveil-
lance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign in-telligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Intelligence Oversight and Surveillance Reform Act’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—ACCESS TO CERTAIN BUSINESS 
RECORDS FOR FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE AND INTERNATIONAL TERRORISM IN-VESTIGATIONS 
Sec. 101. End of government bulk collection 
of business records. 
Sec. 102. Emergency authority for access to 
call data records. 
Sec. 103. Challenges to government surveil-
lance. 
TITLE II—PRIVACY PROTECTIONS FOR 
PEN REGISTERS AND TRAP AND TRACE DEVICES 
Sec. 201. Privacy protections for pen reg-
isters and trap and trace de-vices. 
TITLE III—PROCEDURES FOR TAR-
GETING CERTAIN PERSONS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES OTHER THAN UNITED STATES PERSONS 
Sec. 301. Clarification on prohibition on 
searching of collections of com-munications to conduct warrantless searches for the communications of United States persons. 
Sec. 302. Protection against collection of 
wholly domestic communica-tions not concerning terrorism under FISA Amendments Act. 
Sec. 303. Prohibition on reverse targeting 
under FISA Amendments Act. 
Sec. 304. Limits on use of unlawfully ob-
tained information under FISA Amendments Act. 
Sec. 305. Challenges to Government surveil-
lance. 
TITLE IV—FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE 
SURVEILLANCE COURT REFORMS 
Sec. 401. Definitions. 
Sec. 402. Office of the Constitutional Advo-
cate. 
Sec. 403. Advocacy before the FISA Court. Sec. 404. Advocacy before the petition re-
view pool. 
Sec. 405. Appellate review. Sec. 406. Disclosure. Sec. 407. Annual report to Congress. Sec. 408. Preservation of rights. 
TITLE V—NATIONAL SECURITY LETTER 
REFORMS 
Sec. 501. National security letter authority. 
Sec. 502. Public reporting on National Secu-
rity Letters. 
TITLE VI—REPORTING FISA ORDERS 
AND NATIONAL SECURITY LETTERS 
Sec. 601. Third-party reporting of FISA or-
ders and National Security Let-ters. 
Sec. 602. Government reporting of FISA or-
ders. 
TITLE VII—OTHER MATTERS 
Sec. 701. Privacy and Civil Liberties Over-
sight Board subpoena author-ity. Sec. 702. Scope of liability protection for 
providing assistance to the Government. 
TITLE I—ACCESS TO CERTAIN BUSINESS 
RECORDS FOR FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE AND INTERNATIONAL TERRORISM IN-VESTIGATIONS 
SEC. 101. END OF GOVERNMENT BULK COLLEC-
TION OF BUSINESS RECORDS. 
(a) P RIVACY PROTECTIONS FOR SECTION 215 
BUSINESS RECORDS ORDERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 501(b) of the For-
eign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1861(b)) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking subpara-
graphs (A) and (B) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) a statement of facts showing that 
there are reasonable grounds to believe that the records or other things sought— 
‘‘(i) are relevant to an authorized inves-
tigation (other than a threat assessment) conducted in accordance with subsection (a)(2) to obtain foreign intelligence informa-tion not concerning a United States person or to protect against international terrorism or clandestine intelligence activities; and 
‘‘(ii) pertain to— ‘‘(I) a foreign power or an agent of a for-
eign power; 
‘‘(II) the activities of a suspected agent of 
a foreign power who is the subject of such authorized investigation; or 
‘‘(III) an individual in contact with, or 
known to, a suspected agent of a foreign power; and 
‘‘(B) a statement of proposed minimization 
procedures; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) if the applicant is seeking a nondisclo-
sure requirement described in subsection (d), shall include— 
‘‘(A) a statement of specific and 
articulable facts providing reason to believe that disclosure of particular information about the existence or contents of the order requiring the production of tangible things under this section during the applicable time period will result in— 
‘‘(i) endangering the life or physical safety 
of any person; 
‘‘(ii) flight from prosecution; ‘‘(iii) destruction of or tampering with evi-
dence; 
‘‘(iv) intimidation of potential witnesses; ‘‘(v) interference with diplomatic rela-
tions; or 
‘‘(vi) otherwise seriously endangering the 
national security of the United States by alerting a target, an associate of a target, or the foreign power of which the target is an agent, of the interest of the Government in the target; 
‘‘(B) an explanation of how the harm iden-
tified under subparagraph (A) is related to the authorized investigation to which the tangible things sought are relevant; 
‘‘(C) an explanation of how the nondisclo-
sure requirement is narrowly tailored to ad-dress the specific harm identified under sub-paragraph (A); and 
‘‘(D) the time period during which the Gov-
ernment believes the nondisclosure require-ment should apply.’’. 
(2) O
RDER .—Section 501(c) of the Foreign 
Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1861(c)) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘subsections (a) and (b),’’ 
and inserting ‘‘subsection (a) and paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) and that the pro-posed minimization procedures meet the def-inition of minimization procedures under subsection (g),’’; and 
(ii) by striking the last sentence and in-
serting the following: ‘‘If the judge finds that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN6.015 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3411 June 1, 2015 
the requirements of subsection (b)(3) have 
been met, such order shall include a non-disclosure requirement, which may apply for not longer than 1 year, unless the facts jus-tify a longer period of nondisclosure, subject to the principles and procedures described in subsection (d).’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘(d);’’ 
and inserting ‘‘(d), if applicable;’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(iii) in subparagraph (E), by striking the 
period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) shall direct that the minimization 
procedures be followed.’’. 
(3) N
ONDISCLOSURE .—Section 501(d) of the 
Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1861(d)) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(d) N
ONDISCLOSURE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—No person who receives 
an order under subsection (c) that contains a nondisclosure requirement shall disclose to any person the particular information speci-fied in the nondisclosure requirement during the time period to which the requirement ap-plies. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .— 
‘‘(A) D ISCLOSURE .—A person who receives 
an order under subsection (c) that contains a nondisclosure requirement may disclose in-formation otherwise subject to any applica-ble nondisclosure requirement to— 
‘‘(i) those persons to whom disclosure is 
necessary in order to comply with an order under this section; 
‘‘(ii) an attorney in order to obtain legal 
advice or assistance regarding the order; or 
‘‘(iii) other persons as permitted by the Di-
rector of the Federal Bureau of Investigation or the designee of the Director. 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION .—A person to whom dis-
closure is made under subparagraph (A) shall be subject to the nondisclosure requirements applicable to a person to whom an order is directed under this section in the same man-ner as the person to whom the order is di-rected. 
‘‘(C) N
OTIFICATION .—Any person who dis-
closes to a person described in subparagraph (A) information otherwise subject to a non-disclosure requirement shall notify the per-son of the applicable nondisclosure require-ment. 
‘‘(3) E
XTENSION .—The Director of the Fed-
eral Bureau of Investigation, or a designee of the Director (whose rank shall be no lower than Assistant Special Agent in Charge), may apply for renewals of the prohibition on disclosure of particular information about the existence or contents of an order requir-ing the production of tangible things under this section for additional periods of not longer than 1 year, unless the facts justify a longer period of nondisclosure. A nondisclo-sure requirement shall be renewed if a court having jurisdiction under paragraph (4) de-termines that the application meets the re-quirements of subsection (b)(3). 
‘‘(4) J
URISDICTION .—An application for a re-
newal under this subsection shall be made to— 
‘‘(A) a judge of the court established under 
section 103(a); or 
‘‘(B) a United States Magistrate Judge 
under chapter 43 of title 28, United States Code, who is publicly designated by the Chief Justice of the United States to have the power to hear applications and grant orders for the production of tangible things under this section on behalf of a judge of the court established under section 103(a).’’. 
(4) M
INIMIZATION .—Section 501(g) of the 
Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1861(g)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Not later 
than’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘At or before the end of the period of time for the production of tangible things under an order approved under this section or at any time after the production of tangible things under an order approved under this section, a judge may assess compliance with the minimiza-tion procedures by reviewing the cir-cumstances under which information con-cerning United States persons was acquired, retained, or disseminated.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(A), by inserting ‘‘ac-
quisition and’’ after ‘‘to minimize the’’. 
(b) J
UDICIAL REVIEW OF SECTION 215 O R-
DERS .—Section 501(f)(2) of the Foreign Intel-
ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 
1861(f)(2)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)(i)— (A) by striking ‘‘that order’’ and inserting 
‘‘such production order or any nondisclosure order imposed in connection with such pro-duction order’’; and 
(B) by striking the second sentence; (2) by striking subparagraph (C) and insert-
ing the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) A judge considering a petition to mod-
ify or set aside a nondisclosure order shall grant such petition unless the court deter-mines that— 
‘‘(i) there is reason to believe that disclo-
sure of the information subject to the non-disclosure requirement during the applicable time period will result in— 
‘‘(I) endangering the life or physical safety 
of any person; 
‘‘(II) flight from prosecution; ‘‘(III) destruction of or tampering with evi-
dence; 
‘‘(IV) intimidation of potential witnesses; ‘‘(V) interference with diplomatic rela-
tions; or 
‘‘(VI) otherwise seriously endangering the 
national security of the United States by alerting a target, an associate of a target, or the foreign power of which the target is an agent, of the interest of the Government in the target; 
‘‘(ii) the harm identified under clause (i) 
relates to the authorized investigation to which the tangible things sought are rel-evant; and 
‘‘(iii) the nondisclosure requirement is nar-
rowly tailored to address the specific harm identified under clause (i).’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) If a judge denies a petition to modify 
or set aside a nondisclosure order under this paragraph, no person may file another peti-tion to modify or set aside such nondisclo-sure order until the date that is one year after the date on which such judge issues the denial of such petition.’’. 
SEC. 102. EMERGENCY AUTHORITY FOR ACCESS 
TO CALL DATA RECORDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 403 of the Foreign 
Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1843) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e)(1) Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of this subsection, the Attorney General may require the production of call data records by the provider of a wire or elec-tronic communication service on an emer-gency basis if— 
‘‘(A) such records— ‘‘(i) are relevant to an authorized inves-
tigation (other than a threat assessment) conducted in accordance with section 402 or 501, as appropriate, to obtain foreign intel-ligence information not concerning a United States person or to protect against inter-national terrorism or clandestine intel-ligence activities; and 
‘‘(ii) pertain to— ‘‘(I) a foreign power or an agent of a for-
eign power; ‘‘(II) the activities of a suspected agent of 
a foreign power who is the subject of such authorized investigation; or 
‘‘(III) an individual in contact with, or 
known to, a suspected agent of a foreign power; 
‘‘(B) the Attorney General reasonably de-
termines— 
‘‘(i) an emergency requires the production 
of such records before an order requiring such production can with due diligence be obtained under section 402 or 501, as appro-priate; and 
‘‘(ii) the factual basis for issuance of an 
order under section 402 or 501, as appropriate, to require the production of such records ex-ists; 
‘‘(C) a judge referred to in section 402(b) or 
501(b)(1), as appropriate, is informed by the Attorney General at the time of the required production of such records that the decision has been made to require such production on an emergency basis; and 
‘‘(D) an application in accordance with sec-
tion 402 or 501, as appropriate, is made to such judge as soon as practicable, but not more than 7 days after the date on which the Attorney General requires the production of such records under this subsection. 
‘‘(2)(A) In the absence of an order issued 
under section 402 or 501, as appropriate, to approve the emergency required production of call data records under paragraph (1), the authority to require the production of such records shall terminate at the earlier of— 
‘‘(i) when the information sought is ob-
tained; 
‘‘(ii) when the application for the order is 
denied under section 402 or 501, as appro-priate; or 
‘‘(iii) 7 days after the time of the author-
ization by the Attorney General. 
‘‘(B) If an application for an order applied 
for under section 402 or 501, as appropriate, for the production of call data records re-quired to be produced pursuant to paragraph (1) is denied, or in any other case where the emergency production of call data records under this section is terminated and no order under section 402 or 501, as appropriate, is issued approving the required production of such records, no information obtained or evi-dence derived from such records shall be re-ceived in evidence or otherwise disclosed in any trial, hearing, or other proceeding in or before any court, grand jury, department, of-fice, agency, regulatory body, legislative committee, or other authority of the United States, a State, or political subdivision thereof, and no information concerning any United States person acquired from such records shall subsequently be used or dis-closed in any other manner by Federal offi-cers or employees without the consent of such person, except with the approval of the Attorney General if the information indi-cates a threat of death or serious bodily harm to any person.’’. 
(b) T
ERMINATION OF SECTION 501 R EF-
ERENCES .—On the date that section 102(b)(1) 
of the USA PATRIOT Improvement and Re-authorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–177; 50 U.S.C. 1805 note) takes effect, subsection (e) of section 403 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1843), as added by paragraph (1), is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘or section 501, as appro-
priate,’’ each place that term appears; 
(2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘or 
501, as appropriate;’’ and by inserting a semi-colon; and 
(B) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘or 
501(b)(1), as appropriate,’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (2)(A)(ii), by striking ‘‘or 
501, as appropriate;’’ and by inserting a semi-colon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN6.014 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3412 June 1, 2015 
SEC. 103. CHALLENGES TO GOVERNMENT SUR-
VEILLANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title V of the Foreign In-
telligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1861 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 503. CHALLENGES TO ORDERS TO 
PRODUCE CERTAIN BUSINESS RECORDS. 
‘‘(a) A PPEAL .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A person who is required 
to produce any tangible thing pursuant to an order issued under section 501 may appeal the order to a United States court of appeals on the basis that the order violates the Con-stitution of the United States. 
‘‘(2) V
ENUE .—An appeal filed pursuant to 
paragraph (1) may be filed— 
‘‘(A) in the United States court of appeals 
for a circuit embracing a judicial district in which venue would be proper for a civil ac-tion under section 1391 of title 28, United States Code; or 
‘‘(B) United States Court of Appeals for the 
District of Columbia. 
‘‘(b) S
UPREME COURT REVIEW .—A person 
may seek a writ of certiorari from the Su-preme Court of the United States for review of a decision of an appeal filed under sub-section (a)(1).’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The 
table of contents in the first section of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 is amended by adding after the item relating to section 502 the following: 
‘‘Sec. 503. Challenges to orders to produce 
certain business records.’’. 
TITLE II—PRIVACY PROTECTIONS FOR 
PEN REGISTERS AND TRAP AND TRACE DEVICES 
SEC. 201. PRIVACY PROTECTIONS FOR PEN REG-
ISTERS AND TRAP AND TRACE DE-VICES. 
(a) A PPLICATION .—Section 402(c) of the For-
eign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1842(c)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; and 
(2) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following new paragraphs: 
‘‘(2) a statement of facts showing that 
there are reasonable grounds to believe that the records sought— 
‘‘(A) are relevant to an authorized inves-
tigation to obtain foreign intelligence infor-mation not concerning a United States per-son or to protect against international ter-rorism or clandestine intelligence activities (other than a threat assessment), provided that such investigation of a United States person is not conducted solely upon the basis of activities protected by the first amend-ment to the Constitution; and 
‘‘(B) pertain to— ‘‘(i) a foreign power or an agent of a for-
eign power; 
‘‘(ii) the activities of a suspected agent of 
a foreign power who is the subject of such authorized investigation; or 
‘‘(iii) an individual in contact with, or 
known to, a suspected agent of a foreign power; and 
‘‘(3) a statement of proposed minimization 
procedures.’’. 
(b) M
INIMIZATION .— 
(1) D EFINITION .—Section 401 of the Foreign 
Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1841) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(4) The term ‘minimization procedures’ 
means— 
‘‘(A) specific procedures that are reason-
ably designed in light of the purpose and technique of an order for the installation and use of a pen register or trap and trace device, to minimize the acquisition and retention, and prohibit the dissemination, of nonpub-licly available information concerning 
unconsenting United States persons con-sistent with the need of the United States to obtain, produce, and disseminate foreign in-telligence information; 
‘‘(B) procedures that require that nonpub-
licly available information, which is not for-eign intelligence information, as defined in section 101(e)(1), shall not be disseminated in a manner that identifies any United States person, without such person’s consent, unless such person’s identity is necessary to under-stand foreign intelligence information or as-sess its importance; and 
‘‘(C) notwithstanding subparagraphs (A) 
and (B), procedures that allow for the reten-tion and dissemination of information that is evidence of a crime which has been, is being, or is about to be committed and that is to be retained or disseminated for law en-forcement purposes.’’. 
(2) P
EN REGISTERS AND TRAP AND TRACE DE -
VICES .—Section 402 of the Foreign Intel-
ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1842) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (d)— (i) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, and 
that the proposed minimization procedures meet the definition of minimization proce-dures under this title’’ before the period at the end; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2)(B)— (I) in clause (ii)(II), by striking ‘‘and’’ after 
the semicolon; and 
(II) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) the minimization procedures be fol-
lowed; and’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) At or before the end of the period of 
time for which the installation and use of a pen register or trap and trace device is ap-proved under an order or an extension under this section, the judge may assess compli-ance with the minimization procedures by reviewing the circumstances under which in-formation concerning United States persons was acquired, retained, or disseminated.’’. 
(3) E
MERGENCIES .—Section 403 of the For-
eign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1843), as amended by section 102(a), is further amended— 
(A) by redesignating subsection (c) as (d); 
and 
(B) by inserting after subsection (b) the 
following: 
‘‘(c) If the Attorney General authorizes the 
emergency installation and use of a pen reg-ister or trap and trace device under this sec-tion, the Attorney General shall require that minimization procedures required by this title for the issuance of a judicial order be followed.’’. 
(4) U
SE OF INFORMATION .—Section 405(a)(1) 
of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1845(a)(1)) is amended by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘and the minimization procedures required under the order approving such pen register or trap and trace device.’’. 
TITLE III—PROCEDURES FOR TARGETING 
CERTAIN PERSONS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES OTHER THAN UNITED STATES PERSONS 
SEC. 301. CLARIFICATION ON PROHIBITION ON 
SEARCHING OF COLLECTIONS OF COMMUNICATIONS TO CONDUCT WARRANTLESS SEARCHES FOR THE COMMUNICATIONS OF UNITED STATES PERSONS. 
Section 702(b) of the Foreign Intelligence 
Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a(b)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through 
(5) as subparagraphs (A) through (E), respec-tively, and indenting such subparagraphs, as so redesignated, an additional two ems from the left margin; (2) by striking ‘‘An acquisition’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An acquisition’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
LARIFICATION ON PROHIBITION ON  
SEARCHING OF COLLECTIONS OF COMMUNICA -
TIONS OF UNITED STATES PERSONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), no officer or employee of the United States may conduct a search of a collection of communications acquired under this section in an effort to find communica-tions of a particular United States person (other than a corporation). 
‘‘(B) C
ONCURRENT AUTHORIZATION AND EX -
CEPTION FOR EMERGENCY SITUATIONS .—Sub-
paragraph (A) shall not apply to a search for communications related to a particular United States person if— 
‘‘(i) such United States person is the sub-
ject of an order or emergency authorization authorizing electronic surveillance or phys-ical search under section 105, 304, 703, 704, or 705 of this Act, or under title 18, United States Code, for the effective period of that order; 
‘‘(ii) the entity carrying out the search has 
a reasonable belief that the life or safety of such United States person is threatened and the information is sought for the purpose of assisting that person; or 
‘‘(iii) such United States person has con-
sented to the search.’’. 
SEC. 302. PROTECTION AGAINST COLLECTION OF 
WHOLLY DOMESTIC COMMUNICA-TIONS NOT CONCERNING TER-RORISM UNDER FISA AMENDMENTS ACT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 702 of the Foreign 
Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 
U.S.C. 1881a) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) limit the acquisition of the contents 
of any communication to communications to which any party is a target of the acquisi-tion or communications that refer to the target of the acquisition, if such communica-tions are acquired to protect against inter-national terrorism.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (i)(2)(B)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(B) in clause (ii), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following new 
clause: 
‘‘(iii) limit the acquisition of the contents 
of any communication to communications to which any party is a target of the acquisi-tion or communications that refer to the target of the acquisition, if such communica-tions are acquired to protect against inter-national terrorism.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
701(a) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881(a)) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘‘international terrorism’,’’ after ‘‘‘foreign power’,’’. 
SEC. 303. PROHIBITION ON REVERSE TARGETING 
UNDER FISA AMENDMENTS ACT. 
Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Sur-
veillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a), as amended by sections 301 and 302 of this Act, is further amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(B) of subsection (b), as 
redesignated by section 301, by striking ‘‘the purpose’’ and inserting ‘‘a significant pur-pose’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)(1)(A)— (A) by striking ‘‘ensure that’’ and inserting 
the following: ‘‘ensure— 
‘‘(i) that’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN6.014 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3413 June 1, 2015 
(B) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(ii) that an application is filed under title 
I, if otherwise required, when a significant purpose of an acquisition authorized under subsection (a) is to acquire the communica-tions of a particular, known person reason-ably believed to be located in the United States; and’’; 
(3) in subsection (g)(2)(A)(i)(I)— (A) by striking ‘‘ensure that’’ and inserting 
the following: ‘‘ensure— 
‘‘(aa) that’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(bb) that an application is filed under 
title I, if otherwise required, when a signifi-cant purpose of an acquisition authorized under subsection (a) is to acquire the com-munications of a particular, known person reasonably believed to be located in the United States; and’’; and 
(4) in subsection (i)(2)(B)(i)— (A) by striking ‘‘ensure that’’ and inserting 
the following: ‘‘ensure— 
‘‘(I) that’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(II) that an application is filed under title 
I, if otherwise required, when a significant purpose of an acquisition authorized under subsection (a) is to acquire the communica-tions of a particular, known person reason-ably believed to be located in the United States; and’’. 
SEC. 304. LIMITS ON USE OF UNLAWFULLY OB-
TAINED INFORMATION UNDER FISA AMENDMENTS ACT. 
Section 702(i)(3) of the Foreign Intelligence 
Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a(i)(3)) is amended by striking subparagraph (B) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(B) C
ORRECTION OF DEFICIENCIES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—If the Court finds that a 
certification required by subsection (g) does not contain all of the required elements, or that the procedures required by subsections (d) and (e) are not consistent with the re-quirements of those subsections or the fourth amendment to the Constitution of the United States, the Court shall issue an order directing the Government to, at the Govern-ment’s election and to the extent required by the order of the Court— 
‘‘(I) correct any deficiency identified by 
the order of the Court not later than 30 days after the date on which the Court issues the order; or 
‘‘(II) cease, or not begin, the implementa-
tion of the authorization for which such cer-tification was submitted. 
‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION ON USE OF INFORMATION .— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subclause (II), no information obtained or evidence derived from an acquisition pursu-ant to a certification or targeting or mini-mization procedures subject to an order under clause (i) concerning any United States person shall be received in evidence or otherwise disclosed in any trial, hearing, or other proceeding in or before any court, grand jury, department, office, agency, regu-latory body, legislative committee, or other authority of the United States, a State, or political subdivision thereof, and no infor-mation concerning any United States person acquired from the acquisition shall subse-quently be used or disclosed in any other manner by Federal officers or employees without the consent of the United States person, except with the approval of the At-torney General if the information indicates a threat of death or serious bodily harm to any person. 
‘‘(II) E
XCEPTION .—If the Government cor-
rects any deficiency identified by the order of the Court under clause (i), the Court may permit the use or disclosure of information acquired before the date of the correction under such minimization procedures as the Court shall establish for purposes of this 
clause.’’. 
SEC. 305. CHALLENGES TO GOVERNMENT SUR-
VEILLANCE. 
Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Sur-
veillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a), as amended by this title, is further amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: 
‘‘(m) C
HALLENGES TO GOVERNMENT SUR-
VEILLANCE .— 
‘‘(1) I NJURY IN FACT .—In any claim in a 
civil action brought in a court of the United States relating to surveillance conducted under this section, the person asserting the claim has suffered an injury in fact if the person— 
‘‘(A) has a reasonable basis to believe that 
the person’s communications will be ac-quired under this section; and 
‘‘(B) has taken objectively reasonable steps 
to avoid surveillance under this section. 
‘‘(2) R
EASONABLE BASIS .—A person shall be 
presumed to have demonstrated a reasonable basis to believe that the communications of the person will be acquired under this sec-tion if the profession of the person requires the person regularly to communicate foreign intelligence information with persons who— 
‘‘(A) are not United States persons; and ‘‘(B) are located outside the United States. ‘‘(3) O
BJECTIVE STEPS .—A person shall be 
presumed to have taken objectively reason-able steps to avoid surveillance under this section if the person demonstrates that the steps were taken in reasonable response to rules of professional conduct or analogous professional rules.’’. 
TITLE IV—FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE 
SURVEILLANCE COURT REFORMS 
SEC. 401. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) C
ONSTITUTIONAL ADVOCATE .—The term 
‘‘Constitutional Advocate’’ means the Con-stitutional Advocate appointed under section 402(b). 
(2) D
ECISION .—The term ‘‘decision’’ means 
a decision, order, or opinion issued by the FISA Court or the FISA Court of Review. 
(3) FISA.—The term ‘‘FISA’’ means the 
Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.). 
(4) FISA 
COURT .—The term ‘‘FISA Court’’ 
means the court established under section 103(a) of FISA (50 U.S.C. 1803(a)). 
(5) FISA 
COURT OF REVIEW .—The term 
‘‘FISA Court of Review’’ means the court of review established under section 103(b) of FISA (50 U.S.C. 1803(b)). 
(6) O
FFICE .—The term ‘‘Office’’ means the 
Office of the Constitutional Advocate estab-lished under section 402(a). 
(7) P
ETITION REVIEW POOL .—The term ‘‘peti-
tion review pool’’ means the petition review pool established by section 103(e) of FISA (50 U.S.C. 1803(e)) or any member of that pool. 
(8) S
IGNIFICANT CONSTRUCTION OR INTERPRE -
TATION OF LAW .—The term ‘‘significant con-
struction or interpretation of law’’ means a significant construction or interpretation of a provision, as that term is construed under section 601(c) of FISA (50 U.S.C. 1871(c)). 
SEC. 402. OFFICE OF THE CONSTITUTIONAL AD-
VOCATE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
within the judicial branch of the United States an Office of the Constitutional Advo-cate. 
(b) C
ONSTITUTIONAL ADVOCATE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The head of the Office is 
the Constitutional Advocate. 
(2) A PPOINTMENT AND TERM .— 
(A) A PPOINTMENT .—The Chief Justice of 
the United States shall appoint the Constitu-tional Advocate from the list of candidates submitted under subparagraph (B). 
(B) C
ANDIDATES .— (i) L IST OF CANDIDATES .—The Privacy and 
Civil Liberties Oversight Board shall submit to the Chief Justice a list of not less than 5 qualified candidates to serve as a Constitu-tional Advocate. 
(ii) S
ELECTION OF CANDIDATES .—In pre-
paring a list described in clause (i), the Pri-vacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board shall select candidates the Board believes will be zealous and effective advocates in de-fense of civil liberties and consider each po-tential candidate’s— 
(I) litigation and other professional experi-
ence; 
(II) experience with the areas of law the 
Constitutional Advocate is likely to encoun-ter in the course of the Advocate’s duties; and 
(III) demonstrated commitment to civil 
liberties. 
(C) S
ECURITY CLEARANCE .—An individual 
may be appointed Constitutional Advocate without regard to whether the individual possesses a security clearance on the date of the appointment. 
(D) T
ERM AND DISMISSAL .—A Constitutional 
Advocate shall be appointed for a term of 3 years and may be fired only for good cause shown, including the demonstrated inability to qualify for an adequate security clear-ance. 
(E) R
EAPPOINTMENT .—There shall be no 
limit to the number of consecutive terms served by a Constitutional Advocate. The re-appointment of a Constitutional Advocate shall be made in the same manner as ap-pointment of a Constitutional Advocate. 
(F) A
CTING CONSTITUTIONAL ADVOCATE .—If 
the position of Constitutional Advocate is vacant, the Chief Justice may appoint an Acting Constitutional Advocate from among the qualified employees of the Office. If there are no such qualified employees, the Chief Justice may appoint an Acting Constitu-tional Advocate from the most recent list of candidates provided by the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board pursuant to sub-paragraph (B). The Acting Constitutional Advocate shall have all of the powers of a Constitutional Advocate and shall serve until a Constitutional Advocate is appointed. 
(3) E
MPLOYEES .—The Constitutional Advo-
cate is authorized, without regard to the civil service laws and regulations, to appoint and terminate employees of the Office. 
(c) S
ECURITY CLEARANCES .—The appro-
priate departments, agencies, and elements of the executive branch shall cooperate with the Office, to the extent possible under exist-ing procedures and requirements, to expedi-tiously provide the Constitutional Advocate and appropriate employees of the Office with the security clearances necessary to carry out the duties of the Constitutional Advo-cate. 
(d) D
UTIES AND AUTHORITIES OF THE CON-
STITUTIONAL ADVOCATE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Constitutional Advo-
cate— 
(A) shall review each application to the 
FISA Court by the Attorney General; 
(B) shall review each decision of the FISA 
Court, the petition review pool, or the FISA Court of Review issued after the date of the enactment of this Act and all documents and other material relevant to such decision in a complete, unredacted form; 
(C) may participate in a proceeding before 
the petition review pool if such participation is requested by a party in such a proceeding or by the petition review pool; 
(D) shall consider any request from a pro-
vider who has been served with an order, cer-tification, or directive compelling the pro-vider to provide assistance to the Govern-ment or to release customer information to assist that provider in a proceeding before 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN6.014 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3414 June 1, 2015 
the FISA Court or the petition review pool, 
including a request— 
(i) to oppose the Government on behalf of 
the private party in such a proceeding; or 
(ii) to provide guidance to the private 
party if the private party is considering com-pliance with an order of the FISA Court; 
(E) shall participate in a proceeding before 
the FISA Court if appointed to participate by the FISA Court under section 403(a) and may participate in a proceeding before the petition review pool if authorized under sec-tion 404(a); 
(F) may request to participate in a pro-
ceeding before the FISA Court or the peti-tion review pool; 
(G) shall participate in such a proceeding if 
such request is granted; 
(H) may request reconsideration of a deci-
sion of the FISA Court under section 403(b); 
(I) may appeal or seek review of a decision 
of the FISA Court, the petition review pool, or the FISA Court of Review, as permitted by this title; and 
(J) shall participate in such appeal or re-
view. 
(2) A
DVOCACY .—The Constitutional Advo-
cate shall protect individual rights by vigor-ously advocating before the FISA Court, the petition review pool, or the FISA Court of Review, as appropriate, in support of legal interpretations that minimize the scope of surveillance and the extent of data collec-tion and retention. 
(3) U
TILIZATION OF OUTSIDE COUNSEL .—The 
Constitutional Advocate— 
(A) may delegate to a competent outside 
counsel any duty or responsibility of the Constitutional Advocate with respect to par-ticipation in a matter before the FISA Court, the FISA Court of Review, or the Su-preme Court of the United States; and 
(B) may not delegate to outside counsel 
any duty or authority set out in subpara-graph (A), (B), (D), (F), (H), or (I) of para-graph (1). 
(4) A
VAILABILITY OF DOCUMENTS AND MATE -
RIAL.—The FISA Court, the petition review 
pool, or the FISA Court of Review, as appro-priate, shall order any agency, department, or entity to make available to the Constitu-tional Advocate, or appropriate outside counsel if utilized by the Constitutional Ad-vocate under paragraph (3), any documents or other material necessary to carry out the duties described in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 403. ADVOCACY BEFORE THE FISA COURT. 
(a) A PPOINTMENT TOPARTICIPATE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The FISA Court may ap-
point the Constitutional Advocate to partici-pate in a FISA Court proceeding. 
(2) S
TANDING .—If the Constitutional Advo-
cate is appointed to participate in a FISA Court proceeding pursuant to paragraph (1), the Constitutional Advocate shall have standing as a party before the FISA Court in that proceeding. 
(b) R
ECONSIDERATION OF A FISA C OURT DE-
CISION .— 
(1) A UTHORITY TO MOVE FOR RECONSIDER -
ATION .—The Constitutional Advocate may 
move the FISA Court to reconsider any deci-sion of the FISA Court made after the date of the enactment of this Act by petitioning the FISA Court not later than 30 days after the date on which all documents and mate-rials relevant to the decision are made avail-able to the Constitutional Advocate. 
(2) D
ISCRETION OF THE FISA COURT .—The 
FISA Court shall have discretion to grant or deny a motion for reconsideration made pur-suant to paragraph (1). 
(c) A
MICUS CURIAE PARTICIPATION .— 
(1) M OTION BY THE CONSTITUTIONAL ADVO -
CATE .—The Constitutional Advocate may file 
a motion with the FISA Court to permit and facilitate participation of amicus curiae, in-cluding participation in oral argument if ap-
propriate, in any proceeding. The FISA Court shall have the discretion to grant or deny such a motion. 
(2) F
ACILITATION BY THE FISA COURT .—The 
FISA Court may, sua sponte, permit and fa-cilitate participation by amicus curiae, in-cluding participation in oral argument if ap-propriate, in proceedings before the FISA Court. 
(3) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the FISA Court shall promulgate rules to provide the public with information suffi-cient to allow interested parties to partici-pate as amicus curiae. 
SEC. 404. ADVOCACY BEFORE THE PETITION RE-
VIEW POOL. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOPARTICIPATE .—The peti-
tion review pool or any party to a proceeding before the petition review pool may author-ize the Constitutional Advocate to partici-pate in a petition review pool proceeding. 
(b) R
ECONSIDERATION OF A PETITION REVIEW  
POOLDECISION .— 
(1) A UTHORITY TO MOVE FOR RECONSIDER -
ATION .—The Constitutional Advocate may 
move the petition review pool to reconsider any decision of the petition review pool made after the date of the enactment of this Act by petitioning the petition review pool not later than 30 days after the date on which all documents and materials relevant to the decision are made available to the Constitutional Advocate. 
(2) D
ISCRETION OF THE PETITION REVIEW  
POOL .—The petition review pool shall have 
discretion to grant or deny a motion for re-consideration made pursuant to paragraph (1). 
(c) A
MICUS CURIAE PARTICIPATION .— 
(1) M OTION BY THE CONSTITUTIONAL ADVO -
CATE .—The Constitutional Advocate may file 
a motion with the petition review pool to permit and facilitate participation of amicus curiae, including participation in oral argu-ment if appropriate, in any proceeding. The petition review pool shall have the discre-tion to grant or deny such a motion. 
(2) F
ACILITATION BY THE FISA COURT .—The 
petition review pool may, sua sponte, permit and facilitate participation by amicus cu-riae, including participation in oral argu-ment if appropriate, in proceedings before the petition review pool. 
(3) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the petition review pool shall promulgate rules to provide the public with information sufficient to allow interested parties to par-ticipate as amicus curiae. 
SEC. 405. APPELLATE REVIEW. 
(a) A PPEAL OF FISA C OURT DECISIONS .— 
(1) A UTHORITY TO APPEAL .—The Constitu-
tional Advocate may appeal any decision of the FISA Court or the petition review pool issued after the date of the enactment of this Act not later than 90 days after the date the decision is issued, unless it would be appar-ent to all reasonable jurists that such deci-sion is dictated by statute or by precedent handed down after such date of enactment. 
(2) S
TANDING AS APPELLANT .—If the Con-
stitutional Advocate appeals a decision of the FISA Court or the petition review pool pursuant to paragraph (1), the Constitutional Advocate shall have standing as a party be-fore the FISA Court of Review in such ap-peal. 
(3) M
ANDATORY REVIEW .—The FISA Court 
of Review shall review any FISA Court or pe-tition review pool decision appealed by the Constitutional Advocate and issue a decision in such appeal. 
(4) S
TANDARD OF REVIEW .—The standards 
for a mandatory review of a FISA Court or petition review pool decision pursuant to paragraph (3) shall be— (A) de novo with respect to issues of law; 
and 
(B) clearly erroneous with respect to deter-
mination of facts. 
(5) A
MICUS CURIAE PARTICIPATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The FISA Court of Re-
view shall accept amicus curiae briefs from interested parties in all mandatory reviews pursuant to paragraph (3) and shall provide for amicus curiae participation in oral argu-ment if appropriate. 
(B) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the FISA Court of Review shall promulgate rules to provide the public with information sufficient to allow interested parties to par-ticipate as amicus curiae. 
(b) R
EVIEW OF FISA C OURT OF REVIEW DECI-
SIONS .— 
(1) A UTHORITY .—The Constitutional Advo-
cate may seek a writ of certiorari from the Supreme Court of the United States for re-view of any decision of the FISA Court of Re-view. 
(2) S
TANDING .—In any proceedings before 
the Supreme Court of the United States re-lating to a petition of certiorari filed under paragraph (1) and any proceedings in a mat-ter for which certiorari is granted, the Con-stitutional Advocate shall have standing as a party. 
SEC. 406. DISCLOSURE. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT TODISCLOSE .—The Attor-
ney General shall publicly disclose— 
(1) all decisions issued by the FISA Court, 
the petition review pool, or the FISA Court of Review after July 10, 2003, that include a significant construction or interpretation of law; 
(2) any decision of the FISA Court or the 
petition review pool appealed by the Con-stitutional Advocate pursuant to this title; and 
(3) any FISA Court of Review decision that 
is issued after an appeal by the Constitu-tional Advocate. 
(b) D
ISCLOSURE DESCRIBED .—For each dis-
closure required by subsection (a) with re-spect to a decision, the Attorney General shall make available to the public docu-ments sufficient— 
(1) to identify with particularity each legal 
question addressed by the decision and how such question was resolved; 
(2) to describe in general terms the context 
in which the matter arises; 
(3) to describe the construction or interpre-
tation of any statute, constitutional provi-sion, or other legal authority relied on by the decision; and 
(4) to indicate whether the decision de-
parted from any prior decision of the FISA Court, the petition review pool, or the FISA Court of Review. 
(c) D
OCUMENTS DESCRIBED .—The Attorney 
General shall satisfy the disclosure require-ments in subsection (b) by— 
(1) releasing a FISA Court, petition review 
pool, or FISA Court of Review decision in its entirety or as redacted; 
(2) releasing a summary of a FISA Court, 
petition review pool, or FISA Court of Re-view decision; or 
(3) releasing an application made to the 
FISA Court, a petition made to the petition review pool, briefs filed before the FISA Court, the petition review pool, or the FISA Court of Review, or other materials, in full or as redacted. 
(d) E
XTENSIVE DISCLOSURE .—The Attorney 
General shall release as much information regarding the facts and analysis contained in a decision described in subsection (a) or doc-uments described in subsection (c) as is con-sistent with legitimate national security concerns. 
(e) T
IMING OF DISCLOSURE .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN6.014 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3415 June 1, 2015 
(1) D ECISIONS ISSUED PRIOR TO ENACT -
MENT .—A decision issued prior to the date of 
the enactment of this Act that is required to be disclosed under subsection (a)(1) shall be disclosed not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) FISA 
COURT AND PETITION REVIEW POOL  
DECISIONS .—The Attorney General shall re-
lease FISA Court or petition review pool de-cisions appealed by the Constitutional Advo-cate not later than 30 days after the date the appeal is filed. 
(3) FISA 
COURT OF REVIEW DECISIONS .—The 
Attorney General shall release FISA Court of Review decisions appealed by the Con-stitutional Advocate not later than 90 days after the date the appeal is filed. 
(f) P
ETITION BY THE CONSTITUTIONAL ADVO-
CATE .— 
(1) A UTHORITY TO PETITION .—The Constitu-
tional Advocate may petition the FISA Court, the petition review pool, or the FISA Court of Review to order— 
(A) the public disclosure of a decision of 
such a Court or review pool, and documents or other material relevant to such a deci-sion, previously designated as classified in-formation; or 
(B) the release of an unclassified summary 
of such decisions and documents. 
(2) C
ONTENTS OF PETITION .—Each petition 
filed under paragraph (1) shall contain a de-tailed declassification proposal or a sum-mary of the decision and documents that the Constitutional Advocate proposes to have re-leased publicly. 
(3) R
OLE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL .— 
(A) C OPY OF PETITION .—The Constitutional 
Advocate shall provide to the Attorney Gen-eral a copy of each petition filed under para-graph (1). 
(B) O
PPOSITION .—The Attorney General 
may oppose a petition filed under paragraph (1) by submitting any objections in writing to the FISA Court, the petition review pool, or the FISA Court of Review, as appropriate, not later than 90 days after the date such pe-tition was submitted. 
(4) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Not less than 91 
days after receiving a petition under para-graph (1), and taking into account any objec-tions from the Attorney General made under paragraph (3)(B), the FISA Court, the peti-tion review pool, or the FISA Court of Re-view, as appropriate, shall declassify and make readily available to the public any de-cision, document, or other material re-quested in such petition, to the greatest ex-tent possible, consistent with legitimate na-tional security considerations. 
(5) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The Constitutional 
Advocate may not file a petition under para-graph (1) until 181 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, except with respect to a decision appealed by the Constitutional Advocate. 
SEC. 407. ANNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR ANNUAL REPORT .— 
The Constitutional Advocate shall submit to Congress an annual report on the implemen-tation of this title. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each annual report sub-
mitted under subsection (a) shall— 
(1) detail the activities of the Office; (2) provide an assessment of the effective-
ness of this title; and 
(3) propose any new legislation to improve 
the functioning of the Office or the operation of the FISA Court, the petition review pool, or the FISA Court of Review. 
SEC. 408. PRESERVATION OF RIGHTS. 
Nothing in this title shall be construed— (1) to provide the Attorney General with 
authority to prevent the FISA Court, the pe-tition review pool, or the FISA Court of Re-view from declassifying decisions or releas-ing information pursuant to this title; and (2) to eliminate the public’s ability to se-
cure information under section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Freedom of Information Act’’) or any other provision of law. 
TITLE V—NATIONAL SECURITY LETTER 
REFORMS 
SEC. 501. NATIONAL SECURITY LETTER AUTHOR-
ITY. 
(a) N ATIONAL SECURITY LETTER AUTHORITY  
FORCOMMUNICATIONS SUBSCRIBER RECORDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 2709(b) of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by amending paragraphs (1) and (2) to read as follows: 
‘‘(1) request the name, address, length of 
service, and local and long distance toll bill-ing records of a person or entity if the Direc-tor (or the Director’s designee) certifies in writing to the wire or electronic communica-tion service provider to which the request is made that— 
‘‘(A) the name, address, length of service, 
and toll billing records sought are relevant to an authorized investigation to protect against international terrorism or clandes-tine intelligence activities, provided that such an investigation of a United States per-son is not conducted solely on the basis of activities protected by the first amendment to the Constitution of the United States; and 
‘‘(B) there are specific and articulable facts 
showing that there are reasonable grounds to believe that the name, address, length of service, and toll billing records sought— 
‘‘(i) pertain to a foreign power or agent of 
a foreign power; 
‘‘(ii) are relevant to the activities of a sus-
pected agent of a foreign power who is the subject of such authorized investigation; or 
‘‘(iii) pertain to an individual in contact 
with, or known to, a suspected agent; and 
‘‘(2) request the name, address, and length 
of service of a person or entity if the Direc-tor (or the Director’s designee) certifies in writing to the wire or electronic communica-tion service provider to which the request is made that— 
‘‘(A) the information sought is relevant to 
an authorized investigation to protect against international terrorism or clandes-tine intelligence activities, provided that such an investigation of a United States per-son is not conducted solely upon the basis of activities protected by the first amendment to the Constitution of the United States; and 
‘‘(B) there are specific and articulable facts 
showing that there are reasonable grounds to 
believe that the information sought pertains to— 
‘‘(i) a foreign power or agent of a foreign 
power; 
‘‘(ii) the activities of a suspected agent of 
a foreign power who is the subject of such authorized investigation; or 
‘‘(iii) an individual in contact with, or 
known to, a suspected agent.’’. 
(b) N
ATIONAL SECURITY LETTER AUTHORITY  
FOR CERTAIN FINANCIAL RECORDS .—Section 
1114 of the Right to Financial Privacy Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3414) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘SEC. 1114. NATIONAL SECURITY LETTER FOR 
CERTAIN FINANCIAL RECORDS. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director of the Fed-
eral Bureau of Investigation, or a designee of the Director whose rank shall be no lower than Deputy Assistant Director at Bureau headquarters or Special Agent in Charge in a Bureau field office, or the Director of the United States Secret Service may issue in writing and cause to be served on a financial institution, a National Security Letter re-quiring the production of— 
‘‘(A) the name of a customer of the finan-
cial institution; 
‘‘(B) the address of a customer of the finan-
cial institution; ‘‘(C) the length of time during which a per-
son has been, or was, a customer of the fi-nancial institution (including the start date) and the type of service provided by the insti-tution to the customer; and 
‘‘(D) any account number or other unique 
identifier associated with a customer of the financial institution. 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—A National Security Let-
ter issued under this subsection may not re-quire the production of records or informa-tion not listed in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(b) N
ATIONAL SECURITY LETTER REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A National Security Let-
ter issued under subsection (a) shall— 
‘‘(A) be subject to the requirements of sub-
sections (b) through (f) of section 2709 of title 18, United States Code, in the same manner 
and to the same extent as those provisions apply with respect to a request under section 2709(b) of title 18, United States Code, to a wire or electronic communication service provider; 
‘‘(B)(i) in the case of a National Security 
Letter issued by the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation or the Director’s designee, include a statement of facts show-ing that there are reasonable grounds to be-lieve that the records or other things sought— 
‘‘(I) are relevant to an authorized inves-
tigation (other than a threat assessment) to obtain foreign intelligence information not concerning a United States person or to pro-tect against international terrorism or clan-destine intelligence activities; and 
‘‘(II) pertain to— ‘‘(aa) a foreign power or an agent of a for-
eign power; 
‘‘(bb) the activities of a suspected agent of 
a foreign power who is the subject of such authorized investigation; or 
‘‘(cc) an individual in contact with, or 
known to, a suspected agent of a foreign power; and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a National Security Let-
ter issued by the Director of the United States Secret Service, include a statement of facts showing that there are reasonable grounds to believe that the records or other things sought are relevant to the conduct of the protective functions of the United States Secret Service. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORTING .—On a semiannual basis 
the Director of the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation and the Director of the United States Secret Service shall fully inform the Select Committee on Intelligence, the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Committee on Finan-cial Services of the House of Representa-tives, concerning all requests made under subsection (a). 
‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-
section, the terms ‘agent of a foreign power’, ‘international terrorism’, ‘foreign intel-ligence information’, and ‘United States per-son’ have the same meanings as in section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801). 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITION OF ‘FINANCIAL INSTITU -
TION’.—For purposes of this section (and sec-
tions 1115 and 1117, insofar as the sections re-late to the operation of this section), the term ‘financial institution’ has the same meaning as in subsections (a)(2) and (c)(1) of section 5312 of title 31, United States Code, except that the term shall include only a fi-nancial institution any part of which is lo-cated inside any State or territory of the United States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands, or the United States Virgin Islands.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN6.014 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3416 June 1, 2015 
(c) N ATIONAL SECURITY LETTER AUTHORITY  
FORCERTAIN CONSUMER REPORT RECORDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 626 of the Fair 
Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681u) is amended— 
(A) by striking the section heading and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘§ 626. National Security Letters for certain 
consumer report records’’; 
(B) by striking subsections (a) through (d) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(a) A
UTHORIZATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director of the Fed-
eral Bureau of Investigation, or a designee of the Director whose rank shall be no lower than Deputy Assistant Director at Bureau headquarters or Special Agent in Charge in a Bureau field office, may issue in writing and cause to be served on a consumer reporting agency a National Security Letter requiring the production of— 
‘‘(A) the name of a consumer; ‘‘(B) the current and former address of a 
consumer; 
‘‘(C) the current and former places of em-
ployment of a consumer; and 
‘‘(D) the name and address of any financial 
institution (as that term is defined in sec-tion 1101 of the Right to Financial Privacy Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3401)) at which a con-sumer maintains or has maintained an ac-count, to the extent that the information is in the files of the consumer reporting agen-cy. 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—A National Security Let-
ter issued under this subsection may not re-quire the production of a consumer report. 
‘‘(b) N
ATIONAL SECURITY LETTER REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A National Security Let-
ter issued under subsection (a) shall— 
‘‘(A) be subject to the requirements of sub-
sections (b) through (f) of section 2709 of title 18, United States Code, in the same manner and to the same extent as those provisions apply with respect to a request under section 2709(b) of title 18, United States Code, to a wire or electronic communication service provider; and 
‘‘(B) include a statement of facts showing 
that there are reasonable grounds to believe that the records or other things sought— 
‘‘(i) are relevant to an authorized inves-
tigation (other than a threat assessment) to obtain foreign intelligence information not concerning a United States person or to pro-tect against international terrorism or clan-destine intelligence activities; and 
‘‘(ii) pertain to— ‘‘(I) a foreign power or an agent of a for-
eign power; 
‘‘(II) the activities of a suspected agent of 
a foreign power who is the subject of such authorized investigation; or 
‘‘(III) an individual in contact with, or 
known to, a suspected agent of a foreign power. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORTING .—On a semiannual basis 
the Director of the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation shall fully inform the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Sen-ate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on the Judici-ary, and the Committee on Financial Serv-ices of the House of Representatives, con-cerning all requests made under subsection 
(a). 
‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-
section, the terms ‘agent of a foreign power’, ‘international terrorism’, ‘foreign intel-ligence information’, and ‘United States per-son’ have the same meanings as in section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801).’’; 
(C) by striking subsections (f) through (h); 
and (D) by redesignating subsections (e) and (i) 
through (m) as subsections (c) through (h), respectively. 
(2) R
EPEAL .—Section 627 of the Fair Credit 
Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681v) is repealed. 
(d) T ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .— 
(1) T ABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The 
table of sections for the Fair Credit Report-ing Act (15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.) is amended by striking the items relating to sections 626 and 627 and inserting the following: 
‘‘626. National Security Letters for certain 
consumer report records. 
‘‘627. [Repealed].’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) N OTICE REQUIREMENTS .—Section 1109 of 
the Right to Financial Privacy Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3409) is amended by striking sub-section (c). 
(B) T
ITLE 18 , UNITED STATES CODE .—Title 18, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(i) in section 1510(e), by striking ‘‘section 
626(d)(1) or 627(c)(1) of the Fair Credit Re-porting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681u(d)(1) or 1681v(c)(1)), section 1114(a)(3)(A) or 1114(a)(5)(D)(i) of the Right to Financial Pri-vacy Act (12 U.S.C. 3414(a)(3)(A) or 3414(a)(5)(D)(i)),’’ and inserting ‘‘section 626 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681u), section 1114 of the Right to Financial Privacy Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3414),’’; and 
(ii) in section 3511— (I) by striking ‘‘section 1114(a)(5)(A) of the 
Right to Financial Privacy Act,’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘section 1114 of the Right to Financial Privacy Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3414),’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘or section 627(a)’’ each 
place that term appears. 
(C) N
ATIONAL SECURITY ACT OF 1947 .—Sec-
tion 507(b) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3106(b)) is amended— 
(i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘section 
626(h)(2) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681u(h)(2)).’’ and inserting ‘‘section 626(b)(2) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681u(b)(2)).’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘section 
1114(a)(5)(C) of the Right to Financial Pri-vacy Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3414(a)(5)(C)).’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1114(b)(2) of the Right to Financial Privacy Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3414(b)(2)).’’. 
(D) USA 
PATRIOT ACT .— 
(i) S ECTION 118 .—Section 118 of the USA PA-
TRIOT Improvement and Reauthorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–177; 18 U.S.C. 3511 note) is amended— 
(I) in subsection (c)(1)— (aa) in subparagraph (C), by inserting 
‘‘and’’ at the end; 
(bb) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘; 
and’’ and inserting a period; and 
(cc) by striking subparagraph (E); and (II) in subsection (d)— (aa) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Section 
1114(a)(5)(A) of the Right to Financial Pri-vacy Act (12 U.S.C. 3414(a)(5)(A))’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Section 1114 of the Right to Financial Privacy Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3414)’’; and 
(bb) by striking paragraph (5). (ii) S
ECTION 119 .—Section 119(g) of the USA 
PATRIOT Improvement and Reauthorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–177; 120 Stat. 219) is amended— 
(I) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Section 
1114(a)(5)(A) of the Right to Financial Pri-vacy Act (12 U.S.C. 3414(a)(5)(A))’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Section 1114 of the Right to Financial Privacy Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3414)’’; and 
(II) by striking paragraph (5). 
SEC. 502. PUBLIC REPORTING ON NATIONAL SE-
CURITY LETTERS. 
Section 118(c) of the USA PATRIOT Im-
provement and Reauthorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–177; 18 U.S.C. 3511 note), as amended by section 501(d)(2)(D)(i), is further 
amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘concerning different United States persons’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘, ex-
cluding the number of requests for subscriber information’’; 
(2) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
graph (3); and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), each report required under this subsection shall include the total num-ber of requests described in paragraph (1) re-quiring disclosure of information con-cerning— 
‘‘(i) United States persons; ‘‘(ii) persons who are not United States 
persons; 
‘‘(iii) persons who are the subjects of au-
thorized national security investigations; or 
‘‘(iv) persons who are not the subjects of 
authorized national security investigations. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—With respect to the num-
ber of requests for subscriber information under section 2709 of title 18, United States Code, a report required under this subsection need not provide information separated into each of the categories described in subpara-graph (A).’’. 
TITLE VI—REPORTING FISA ORDERS AND 
NATIONAL SECURITY LETTERS 
SEC. 601. THIRD-PARTY REPORTING OF FISA OR-
DERS AND NATIONAL SECURITY LET-TERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Each electronic service 
provider may report information to the pub-lic in accordance with this section about re-quests and demands for information made by any Government entity under a surveillance law, and is exempt in accordance with sub-section (d) from liability with respect to that report, even if such provider would otherwise be prohibited by a surveillance law from re-porting that information. 
(b) P
ERIODIC AGGREGATE REPORTS .—An 
electronic service provider may report such information not more often than quarterly and only to the following extent: 
(1) E
STIMATE OF NUMBERS OF DEMANDS AND  
REQUESTS MADE .—The report may reveal an 
estimate of the number of such demands and requests made during the period to which the report pertains. 
(2) E
STIMATE OF NUMBERS OF DEMANDS AND  
REQUESTS COMPLIED WITH .—The report may 
reveal an estimate of the numbers of such demands and requests the service provider complied with during the period to which the report pertains, regardless of when the de-mands or requests were made. 
(3) E
STIMATE OF NUMBER OF USERS OR AC -
COUNTS .—The report may reveal an estimate 
of the numbers of users or accounts, or both, of the service provider, for which informa-tion was demanded, requested, or provided during the period to which the report per-tains. 
(c) S
PECIAL RULES FOR REPORTS .— 
(1) L EVEL OF DETAIL BY AUTHORIZING SUR -
VEILLANCE LAW .—Any estimate disclosed 
under this section may be an overall esti-mate or broken down by categories of au-thorizing surveillance laws or by provisions of authorizing surveillance laws. 
(2) L
EVEL OF DETAIL BY NUMERICAL RANGE .— 
Each estimate disclosed under this section shall be rounded to the nearest 100. If an es-timate is zero, an electronic service provider may report the estimate as zero. 
(3) R
EPORT MAY BE BROKEN DOWN BY PERI -
ODS NOT LESS THAN CALENDAR QUARTERS .—For 
any reporting period, the provider may break 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN6.014 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3417 June 1, 2015 
down the report by calendar quarters or any 
other time periods greater than a calendar quarter. 
(d) L
IMITATION ON LIABILITY .—An elec-
tronic service provider making a report that the provider reasonably believes in good faith is authorized by this section is not criminally or civilly liable in any court for making that report. 
(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to prohibit disclosures other than those authorized by this section. 
(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘electronic service provider’’ 
means a provider of an electronic commu-nications service (as that term is defined in section 2510 of title 18, United States Code) or a provider of a remote computing service (as that term is defined in section 2711 of title 18, United States Code). 
(2) The term ‘‘surveillance law’’ means any 
provision of any of the following: 
(A) The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance 
Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.). 
(B) Section 802(a) of the National Security 
Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3162(a)). 
(C) Section 2709 of title 18, United States 
Code. 
(D) Section 1114 of the Right to Financial 
Privacy Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3414). 
(E) Subsections (a) or (b) of section 626 of 
the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681u). 
SEC. 602. GOVERNMENT REPORTING OF FISA OR-
DERS. 
(a) E LECTRONIC SURVEILLANCE .—Section 107 
of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1807) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (a) and (b) 
as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively; 
(2) in the matter preceding paragraph (1) 
(as redesignated by paragraph (1) of this sub-section)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘In April’’ and inserting 
‘‘(a) In April’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘Congress’’ and inserting 
‘‘the Select Committee on Intelligence and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-ate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the Committee on the Judi-ciary of the House of Representatives’’; 
(3) in subsection (a) (as designated by para-
graph (2) of this subsection)— 
(A) in paragraph (1) (as redesignated by 
paragraph (1) of this subsection), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; 
(B) in paragraph (2) (as so redesignated), by 
striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraphs: 
‘‘(3) the total number of individuals who 
were subject to electronic surveillance con-ducted under an order entered under this title, rounded to the nearest 100; and 
‘‘(4) the total number of United States per-
sons who were subject to electronic surveil-lance conducted under an order entered under this title, rounded to the nearest 100.’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(b)(1) Each report required under sub-
section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form. 
‘‘(2) Not later than 7 days after a report is 
submitted under subsection (a), the Attorney General shall make such report publicly available.’’. 
(b) P
ENREGISTER AND TRAP AND TRACE DE-
VICES .—Section 406 of the Foreign Intel-
ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1846) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraphs: 
‘‘(4) a good faith estimate of the total num-
ber of individuals whose electronic or wire communications information was obtained through the use of pen register or trap and trace devices authorized under an order en-tered under this title, rounded to the nearest 100; and 
‘‘(5) a good faith estimate of the total num-
ber of United States persons whose elec-tronic or wire communications information was obtained through the use of a pen reg-ister or trap and trace devices authorized under an order entered under this title, rounded to the nearest 100.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(c)(1) Each report required under sub-
section (b) shall be submitted in unclassified form. 
‘‘(2) Not later than 7 days after a report is 
submitted under subsection (b), the Attorney General shall make such report publicly available.’’. 
(c) A
CCESS TO CERTAIN BUSINESS  
RECORDS .—Section 502 of the Foreign Intel-
ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1862) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(3), by adding at the 
end the following new subparagraphs: 
‘‘(F) Records concerning electronic com-
munications. 
‘‘(G) Records concerning wire communica-
tions.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraphs: 
‘‘(C) a good faith estimate of the total 
number of individuals whose tangible things were produced under an order entered under section 501, rounded to the nearest 100; and 
‘‘(D) a good faith estimate of the total 
number of United States persons whose tan-gible things were produced under an order entered under section 501, rounded to the nearest 100.’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(3) Not later than 7 days after the date on 
which a report is submitted under paragraph (1), the Attorney General shall make such re-port publicly available.’’. 
(d) A
DDITIONAL PROCEDURES REGARDING  
CERTAIN PERSONS OUTSIDE THE UNITED  
STATES .—Section 707 of the Foreign Intel-
ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881f) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(c) A
DDITIONAL ANNUAL REPORT .— 
‘‘(1) R EPORT REQUIRED .—In April of each 
year, the Attorney General shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees and the Committees on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report setting forth with respect to the pre-ceding year— 
‘‘(A) the total number of— ‘‘(i) directives issued under section 702; ‘‘(ii) orders granted under section 703; and ‘‘(iii) orders granted under section 704; ‘‘(B) good faith estimates of the total num-
ber of individuals, rounded to the nearest 100, whose electronic or wire communica-tions or communications records were col-lected pursuant to— 
‘‘(i) an order granted under section 703; and ‘‘(ii) an order granted under section 704; 
and 
‘‘(C) good faith estimates of the total num-
ber, rounded to the nearest 100, of United States persons whose electronic or wire com-munications or communications records 
were collected pursuant to— 
‘‘(i) an order granted under section 703; and ‘‘(ii) an order granted under section 704. ‘‘(2) F
ORM.—Each report required under 
paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form. 
‘‘(3) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Not later than 7 
days after the date on which a report is sub-mitted under paragraph (1), the Attorney General shall make such report publicly available.’’. 
TITLE VII—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 701. PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVER-
SIGHT BOARD SUBPOENA AUTHOR-ITY. 
Section 1061(g) of the Intelligence Reform 
and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee(g)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(D), by striking ‘‘submit 
a written request to the Attorney General of the United States that the Attorney Gen-eral’’; 
(2) by striking paragraph (2); and (3) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) 
as paragraphs (2) and (3). 
SEC. 702. SCOPE OF LIABILITY PROTECTION FOR 
PROVIDING ASSISTANCE TO THE GOVERNMENT. 
Section 802 of the Foreign Intelligence Sur-
veillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1885a) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and ex-cept as provided in subsection (j),’’ after ‘‘law,’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) V
IOLATION OF USERAGREEMENTS .—Sub-
section (a) shall not apply to assistance pro-vided by a person if the provision of assist-ance violates a user agreement, including any privacy policy associated with the user agreement, in effect at the time the assist-ance is provided between the person and the person relating to whom the assistance was provided.’’. 
SA 1461. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construc-tion, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 113(b), strike ‘‘The Secretary 
shall’’ and insert ‘‘Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall’’. 
SA 1462. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construc-tion, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 112(b), strike ‘‘The Secretary 
shall’’ and insert ‘‘Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall’’. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, JUNE 2, 
2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN6.014 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3418 June 1, 2015 
adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Tuesday, June 
2; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate then resume consideration of H.R. 2048; and finally, that the filing deadline for all second-degree amend-ments to H.R. 2048 be at 10 a.m. tomor-
row. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROGRAM 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
under the regular order, the cloture vote will occur at 10:30 in the morning. ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 5:51 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, June 2, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01JN6.044 S01JNPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E797 June 1, 2015 
HONORING THE PERMIAN BASIN 
HONOR FLIGHT 
HON. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize the 82 Veterans from West Texas who will be visiting our Washington, D.C. this week, sponsored by the Permian Basin Honor Flight. On behalf of a grateful state and nation, we welcome these heroes to the nation’s cap-ital. 
The Veterans on this Honor Flight are: Clin-
ton Adams, James Barbee, Johnny Barbee, Jerry Barker, Mike Barker, Emil Baker, Louie Bramley, Ewel Butler, Robert Caldwell, Oscar Campbell, Thomas Chandler, James Clark, Billy Cobb, Bert Cornelius, Gordon Cornelius, D.W. Day, David Dixon, Ruth Eaton, Reymundo Falcon, Othal Ike Fitzgerald, Jerry Flippin, Donothan Flourney, Ellis Fulton, Rich-ard Galloway, Hector Garcia, Oscar Gonzales, Sipriano Gonzales, Andrew Greenfield, Martin Hammer, Wilbur Harkness III, Wilbur Harkness, Joshua Hernandez, Leonardo Her-nandez, Andres Hernandez, Elyceo Herrera, Jimmy Herrera, Manuel Herrera, Ruben Her-rera, Eugene Hirt, Ezra Holliman, Franklin Hughes, James Ingram, Bobby Jumper, Demencio Luna, Demencio Luna, Catarino Martinez, Pedro Martinez, Windord McClure, Jerry McNeese, James Merriman, Roy Miller, Ronnie Millsap, Linvel Mosby, Lloyd Munoz, Sylvia Munoz, Ellis Norwood, Maria Pauls, Charles Pinkerton, Dewayne Poindexter, Clifford Ray, William Reed, Rosendo Reyes, Joseph Rhode, Barney Rodriguez, Benny Rogers, Darrell Sanders, Frank Sandoval, Donald Schwartz, George Schwartz, Ernest Showalter, Harold Stallcup, Steven Stone, Frank Taylor, John Urban, Randy Vest, Robert Vest, Harry Washam, Val Wilcox, Charles Wolf, James Woods, James Woodwick, and Woody Wayne. 
Mr. Speaker, I am humbled to have the op-
portunity to meet these brave men and women who exemplify the best of our country. Their sacrifice and commitment to duty to our nation can never be fully repaid, and I hope that when they visit our nation’s monuments in Washington, D.C., the gratitude and respect we have for them will truly be reflected. 
Colleagues, please join me in thanking 
these veterans and their families for their ex-emplary dedication and service to this great nation. I would also like to extend a special thank you to the local communities, all of the volunteers, and Mr. Jeremy West and Mr. John West for their extensive work in orga-nizing this Honor Flight. This trip would not have been possible without all the financial and emotional support of the people who have put in so much hard work and personal time to make sure this trip could be possible. HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF 
MR. HERSHELL E. WOLFE 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor a dear friend and exemplary public servant, Mr. Hershell E. Wolfe, for his 46 years of dedicated, distinguished, and admi-rable service to our nation. Mr. Wolfe retires on May 29, 2015, leaving behind a legacy of excellence and devotion to the United States Army and the Federal government. 
Mr. Wolfe entered the Senior Executive 
Service following a 33-year career in the United States Army. From 1997 to 2002, Colo-nel Wolfe served as the Assistant Chief, Med-ical Service Corps and Consultant to the Army Surgeon General for Environmental Science and Engineering. In this capacity he managed the Army careers of several hundred Preven-tive Medicine officers and provided profes-sional consultation to the Army Surgeon Gen-eral, the Army Medical Department, the Army Staff, Department of Defense, other military departments and Federal agencies. In 2002, Mr. Wolfe became the Special Assistant for Environment, Safety and Occupational Health, and served as the principal advisor and pro-vided senior staff leadership on all environ-mental, safety, occupational and environ-mental health issues for nearly two years. 
In his final assignment, Mr. Wolfe served as 
the Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Army for Environment, Safety and Occupational Health. His responsibilities spanned a global organiza-tion that includes a $1.5 billion annual environ-mental program and oversight for the safety and occupational health of over 1.2 million Soldiers and Army Civilian employees world-wide. Mr. Wolfe has provided exceptional leadership for all Army sustainability, environ-ment, natural resources, safety and occupa-tional health programs over the past eleven years. 
Mr. Wolfe earned a B.S. from East Ten-
nessee State University and a Masters of Pub-lic Health in Occupational Health and Indus-trial Hygiene from the University of Texas. His recognitions are many, but a few are the De-fense Meritorious Service Medal and the Le-gion of Merit, Army and Defense Staff Badges, the Order of Military Medical Merit, the ‘‘A’’ prefix awarded by the Army Medical Depart-ment, and Adjunct Assistant Professor for Pre-ventive Medicine and Biometrics at the De-partment of Defense Uniform Services Univer-sity of Health Sciences. Mr. Wolfe authored and established Department of Defense In-struction 1010.15, Smoke-Free Workplace and is a plank holder of the Army’s health hazard assessment program. 
Mr. Wolfe can certainly reflect on his 46 
years of service with pride and satisfaction. I want to commend Mr. Wolfe for his service and dedication to our Armed Services and our nation. I wish the very best as he starts a new journey and exceptional chapter of his life. I 
wish him and his wife Lois all the best in their much-deserved retirement. 
f 
MRS. SYBIL MERVIS 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
acknowledge Mrs. Sybil Mervis of Danville, IL, for being named regional Outstanding Philan-thropist for 2015. 
Noted for her civic involvement and chari-
table activities by the Association of Fund-raising Professionals of East Central Illinois, Sybil Mervis has achieved an enviable record of philanthropy, especially in the areas of edu-cation, art, and faith. 
I salute Sybil Mervis, who has given so 
much to her hometown, and thank her for her philanthropy. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DR. FARUK 
KOREISHI FOR RETIREMENT AFTER 40 YEARS OF PUBLIC SERVICE 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I stand before 
you today to recognize and congratulate Dr. Faruk Koreishi on his retirement after serving 40 years with the Retina Consultants of West-ern New York. Dr. Koreishi is the founder of the Retina Consultants of Western New York and has dedicated his career to not only bring-ing vitally important vitreoretinal surgery to Western New York but also to serving his community. 
Dr. Koreishi was the very first physician in 
the Western New York area who was dedi-cated to the practice of vitreoretinal surgery. This type of surgery focuses on the vitreous fluid which fills the eye. Among his many ac-complishments is the fact that he performed vision-saving surgery on then-Buffalo Mayor Anthony Masiello. 
While working to help those suffering from 
severe vision impairments Dr. Koreishi was also an active and engaged member of his community. He served on the board of the Is-lamic Society of the Niagara Frontier, the Family Justice Center, and the Coalition for the Advancement of Muslim Women. He has also been a large supporter of various other organizations such as the Western New York Food Bank, Hospice of Buffalo, Meals on Wheels, the Salvation Army, and the public television station WNED. 
Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me a 
few moments to honor and recognize Dr. Faruk Koreishi. I ask that my colleagues join 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:10 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01JN8.001 E01JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E798 June 1, 2015 
me congratulating Dr. Koreishi on an accom-
plished career, and to commend him for the exemplary work he has done to enrich the communities of Western New York. 
f 
HONORING THE SUCCESS OF 
DANIEL K. CHURCH 
HON. SUZAN K. DelBENE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Ms. D ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Daniel K. Church, President of Bastyr University, who will be retiring from his posi-tion on June 30, 2015. 
Building on the work of the University’s 
founders and his predecessors, Dr. Church has led Bastyr University to preeminence in the field of natural medicine. The school is now respected worldwide as one of the lead-ing academic centers for the natural arts and sciences. 
Over his ten-year tenure as President, the 
University has grown to become one of the most trusted resources for understandable, useful and evidence-based information on healthy living. It is widely regarded for excel-lence in providing innovative academic pro-grams that are deeply rooted in the historical teachings of natural health, while also incor-porating the most up-to-date data to address human health. 
I greatly admire Dr. Church for his accom-
plishments, including creating nine new ac-credited degree programs, supporting the achievement of the United Nations Millennial Development Goals, and contributing to the 24 percent growth of the Bastyr student body, among many others. 
Dr. Church has embodied the very best at-
tributes of a respected leader and has led the University to a position where it has never been stronger and more capable of fulfilling its mission. He will truly be missed. 
I want to congratulate Dr. Church on his re-
markable achievements and successful ten-ure, and I thank him for his commitment to health and education. 
f 
TRADE AND MANUFACTURING IN 
OHIO 
HON. PATRICK J. TIBERI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize our American manufacturers. As we work to expand American manufacturing by knocking down barriers so American exporters can sell their products all over the world while creating jobs here at home—manufacturers are taking a beating. Not because jobs are disappearing—they aren’t—but because so many people, including members of this Chamber, are spreading outright lies about the impact of American trade agreements. 
One company with plants in my home state 
of Ohio continues to be cited as a company that’s virtually shuttered their American plants because of NAFTA. It’s astounding because it’s not true. Twenty-two thousand Whirlpool workers, including 15,000 manufacturing em-ployees—makers of iconic brands like Whirl-
pool, Maytag, KitchenAid, Jenn-Air, and Glad-iator—are likely shocked to hear these words because not only are they headquartered in Michigan, more than 80 percent of Whirlpool’s products sold in the United States are made in the United States. I recently heard one oppo-nent of trade say on this Floor that Maytag washers are being imported from Mexico. In reality Maytag builds almost all of their wash-ers sold in the U.S. right in my home state of Ohio. They come from Ohio communities like Clyde, Marion, Greenville, Ottawa, and Find-lay, not to mention from Whirlpool plants in Tennessee, Oklahoma and Iowa. It’s not just Whirlpool employees who benefit; the com-pany has 4,900 direct and indirect U.S. sup-pliers, supporting even more American jobs. 
Not only does Whirlpool maintain a strong 
U.S. manufacturing presence, they’ve actively been reshoring—bringing manufacturing jobs back to America. Shortly after acquiring and restructuring Maytag 10 years ago, Whirlpool began repatriating laundry manufacturing from Germany and Mexico to their Clyde, Ohio plant—the world’s largest laundry facility. Since then, they also have brought back hand mixer manufacturing from China and commer-cial laundry production from Mexico, creating approximately 500 new jobs in the process, not to mention increasing U.S. exports. 
Don’t believe the hyperbole . . . believe the 
numbers. One in five jobs in Ohio depends on trade. Trade-related jobs pay 18 percent more than non-trade jobs. With new trade agree-ments, barriers will be removed so Whirlpool and other manufacturers have the opportunity to sell their American-made products over-seas. Let’s spread the truth . . . trade sup-ports American jobs and increased trade will build a healthier American economy. 
f 
HONORING DR. JUDY BONNER AND 
HER COMMITMENT TO ALABAMA GIRLS STATE 
HON. BRADLEY BYRNE 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Dr. Judy Bonner, President of the Uni-versity of Alabama, for her leadership and commitment to the Alabama Girls State pro-gram. Throughout her career, Dr. Bonner has encouraged young women to set high goals and never give up on their dreams. 
As a child, her father would cut out articles 
from newspapers about impressive achieve-ments by women around the world. So from an early age, Dr. Bonner learned to dream be-yond the confines of her charming hometown of Camden, Alabama. 
In 1964, Dr. Bonner was selected by her 
school to attend Girls State, which was held at Huntingdon College in Montgomery. There she made many friends and learned a great deal about how our state and local governments work. While many things inspired Dr. Bonner over the years, Alabama Girls State certainly made a big impression. 
Dr. Bonner went on to serve as President of 
the Future Homemakers of America, was se-lected as ‘‘Most Intelligent’’ in the Who’s Who of her senior class, and served as editor-in- chief of her high school newspaper, The Tiger Rag. She received her Bachelor of Science 
and Master of Science degrees from The Uni-versity of Alabama and her doctorate from Ohio State University. 
Girls State helped motivate Dr. Bonner to do 
great things in her life and to have a positive impact on her community and state. It is only fitting that Dr. Bonner would go on to become the first female President of the University of Alabama and the first female President from a school in the Southeastern Conference. 
Under her leadership, Dr. Bonner has guid-
ed The University of Alabama through record- breaking growth and expansion. University of Alabama System Chancellor Dr. Robert E. Witt is quoted as saying, ‘‘I can say firsthand that she is one of the most intelligent, well-fo-cused and forward thinking academic adminis-trators in the nation.’’ 
During her tenure at Alabama, Dr. Bonner 
has continued to play a key role in the Ala-bama Girls State program. She successfully recruited the American Legion Auxiliary’s Girls State program to the campus of the University of Alabama in 2013. This year, Dr. Bonner will once again have a key impact on the over 350 young women taking part in the Girls State program. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud Dr. Bonner for her 
continued commitment to inspiring and moti-vating young women in Alabama and across the United States to reach beyond ordinary expectations and never give up on their dreams. 
f 
HONORING THE PASSING OF MR. 
SEBASTIAN J. BRUSCA 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the passing of Mr. Sebastian J. Brusca, of Williamsburg, VA. Mr. Brusca passed away peacefully on May 2, 2015 where he joins his wife, Antoinette. He is sur-vived by his four children: Rita Brusca Schmidt, Salvatore Brusca, Carol Panholzer, and James Brusca, and his four grandsons: J.R. Craig, Justin Panholzer, and Matthew Brusca. Mr. Brusca was a loving father, grand-father, and family man. Mr. Brusca was also a loyal patriot who served in the Marine Corp during WWII and was an active member in his local DAV, VFW, and the Young at Heart. Mr. Brusca will be dearly missed by his fellow vet-erans as well as his family and friends. 
f 
HONORING LA GRANGE POLICE 
SERGEANT MARGE KIELCZYNSKI FOR 36 YEARS IN LAW ENFORCE-MENT 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor La Grange Police Sergeant Marge Kielczynski, who is retiring from the La Grange Police Department after 36 years in law en-forcement. 
Sergeant Kielczynski, affectionately known 
as ‘‘Sarge Marge,’’ received her Bachelor’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:10 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01JN8.003 E01JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E799 June 1, 2015 
Degree in criminal justice from Lewis Univer-
sity and her Master’s Degree in Management & Organizational Behavior from Benedictine University. She is a life-long resident of La Grange, and her outstanding service has made her a valuable asset to the community. In partnership with her local YMCA, Kielczynski organized Mom’s GED—a pro-gram which provided training to predominately single mothers who had been forced to drop out of high school. Kielczynski also oversaw several programs designed to aid at-risk youths and encourage volunteer work, includ-ing Kids at Work, Friday Night Family Gym, and Cops ‘N’ Kids. 
Sergeant Kielczynski has also served as an 
international ambassador for our nation’s law enforcement. In Europe, she worked with the Romanian National Police as they transitioned from a military to civilian police force. Addition-ally, she served as an instructor and guest speaker at Police Academies in France, Monaco, Slovenia, Germany, Spain, and South Africa. 
Sergeant Kielczynski’s colleagues in the La 
Grange Police Department identify her as an exceptional leader and mentor. She is widely known and loved throughout the village and the surrounding areas. I have had the privilege of personally witnessing the positive impact that ‘‘Sarge Marge’’ has had on her commu-nity. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in thanking Sergeant Marge Kielczynski— ‘‘Sarge Marge’’—for her many years of service to her community and wish her the best in her future endeavors. 
f 
2015 MAJOR NORMAN HATCH 
AWARD WINNER, BOB ZIMMERMAN 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
acknowledge the 2015 Major Norman Hatch Award being awarded to filmmaker Bob Zim-merman of Tuscola, Illinois. 
On April 25, 2015, the Marine Corps Herit-
age Foundation presented this award to Zim-merman during a special ceremony at the Na-tional Museum of the Marine Corps. These an-nual awards go to Marines and civilians from across the nation to recognize their work in preserving Marine Corps history. Zimmerman received the Feature Documentary award for his work, Rise of the Valiant. 
Zimmerman’s documentary is the story of 
veterans from the 6th Marine Division, starting with their enlistment through their return home during World War II. The documentary com-bines interviews, war footage, and photo-graphs to mainly focus on the 82-day Battle of Okinawa that claimed 250,000 lives. 
Footage and photographs from the National 
Archives, the Marine Corps History Division, the National Museum of the Pacific War, and personal collections, combined with historical commentary from Bill Sloan bestir this extraor-dinary work. I would like to extend my con-gratulations to Bob Zimmerman on his distin-guished accomplishment. TRIBUTE TO THE HONOR FLIGHT 
OF OREGON 
HON. GREG WALDEN 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-
nize the 26 World War II veterans from Or-egon who will be visiting their memorial this Saturday in Washington, D.C. through Honor Flight of Oregon. On behalf of a grateful state and country, we welcome these heroes to our nation’s capital. 
The veterans on this flight from Oregon are: 
Howard L. Huffman, Army; John Kincaid, Army; Thomas D. Lloyd Sr., Army; Richard P. Swanson, Army; Harold Von Werner, Army; Alfred Willstatter, Army; Wallace Wilson, Army; Albert J. Bochsler, Army Air Force; Lincoln G. Ekman, Army Air Force; Douglas I. Ernst, Army Air Force; Ernest L. Henderson, Army Air Force; Richard I. Kuehl, Army Air Force; Leonard E. Lonigan, Army Air Force; William D. McDonald, Army Air Force; Richard A. Wright; Army Air Force; Edwin H. Bietshek, Merchant Marines; Walter F. Behrle, Navy; Gerald J. Bowerly, Navy; Darrell D. Ervin, Navy; Otis E. Huskey, Navy; William E. Kelly, Navy; Nathan D. Laster, Navy; Clyde C. Mar-tin, Navy; Paul W. Morgan, Navy; Wayne E. Sparks, Navy; and David G. Wienecke, Navy. 
These 26 heroes join more than 138,000 
veterans from across the country who, since 2005, have journeyed from their home states to Washington, D.C. to reflect at the memo-rials built in honor of our nation’s veterans. 
Mr. Speaker, each of us is humbled by the 
courage of these brave Americans who put themselves in harm’s way for our country and way of life. As a nation, we can never fully repay the debt of gratitude owed to them for their honor, commitment, and sacrifice in de-fense of the freedoms we have today. 
My colleagues, please join me in thanking 
these veterans and the volunteers of Honor Flight of Oregon for their exemplary dedication and service to this great country. I especially want to recognize and thank Gail Yakopatz for her tireless work as president of Southern Or-egon Honor Flight. 
f 
HONORING THE ACCOMPLISH-
MENTS OF LIEUTENANT COM-MANDER JAY W. GUYER 
HON. CANDICE S. MILLER 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize the service and dedi-cation of Lieutenant Commander Jay Guyer, who is leaving his post as Deputy U.S. Coast Guard Liaison to the House of Representa-tives. 
During his time as a liaison to the House, 
Lieutenant Commander Guyer was a consum-mate professional who exemplified the Coast Guard’s values of honor, respect, and devo-tion to duty. Over the last three years, Lieuten-ant Commander Guyer’s extensive knowledge of Coast Guard operations and strategic prior-ities has been invaluable to the Members of the Coast Guard’s oversight Committees as critical decisions were made in an era of lean 
budgets. 
Lieutenant Commander Guyer was instru-
mental in the education of Congressional Members and staff on Coast Guard missions, operations, and significant recapitalization needs. Lieutenant Commander Guyer worked tirelessly to showcase interagency operations throughout the Department of Homeland Se-curity, highlighting the interoperability of home-land security agencies along the California coastline and leading delegations that exam-ined the national security impact of illicit mari-time smuggling throughout the Caribbean. 
The men and women who serve as Con-
gressional Liaisons make significant contribu-tions to the success of the Coast Guard through their work with the Congress. Most notably, Lieutenant Commander Guyer played a key role in the transfer of 14 C–27J Spartan aircraft from the Air Force, avoiding over $500 million in Coast Guard acquisition costs. His continued support for vital recapitalization and modernization efforts was integral throughout the 113th and 114th Congresses. 
Lieutenant Commander Guyer’s extensive 
knowledge of the Coast Guard’s response op-erations ensured oversight committees were kept continually apprised of rapidly unfolding events during Hurricane Sandy, the Boston Marathon bombing, and surges in alien-mi-grant interdiction operations. On a personal note, he has been a tremendous help to me and my staff, especially in coordinating over-sight of the Coast Guard’s vital missions on the Great Lakes. 
I would like to thank Lieutenant Commander 
Guyer for his dedication and service in this challenging position and congratulate him on his upcoming position as Executive Officer on Coast Guard Cutter THETIS in Key West, 
Florida. 
I wish Lieutenant Commander Guyer fair 
winds and following seas as he continues his outstanding service to our Nation and thank his wife, Jennifer, and his children, Adam, and Kaitlin for their continued support to the Coast Guard family. 
f 
HONORING AMERICAN LEGION 
POST #1871 45TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, all across Amer-
ica, hundreds of American Legion programs are actively engaging in their respective com-munities, making the neighborhoods in which they operate better places to live. In New York’s 16th Congressional District, which I represent, American Legion Post 1871 in Co- op City is celebrating its 45th year of actively engaging and strengthening the bonds be-tween the residents in the Co-op City commu-nity. 
Legion Post 1871 was chartered October 
27, 1970 as a veteran organization devoted to mutual helpfulness. The organization has gained a reputation as being one of the na-tion’s most active groups of veterans. The pro-grams run by the members, or Legionnaires, include everything from youth mentorship to wholesome family events. American Legion Baseball, which Post 1871 participates in, is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:10 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01JN8.010 E01JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E800 June 1, 2015 
one of America’s most successful youth pro-
grams, educating young people about the im-portance of sportsmanship, citizenship and fit-ness. And every time one of those remarkable events takes place, Post 1871 is advocating patriotism, honor, and the promotion of strong national security. 
Legion Post 1871 is also very active with 
issue advocacy, and often takes a stand on issues most important to the nation’s veterans community through the passage resolutions passed by the volunteer leadership. 
Legion Post 1871 has also benefitted over 
the years by having strong Commanders at the helm, no surprise considering the array of decorated service members in the Legion-naires’ ranks. Sol Cohen served as the very first Commander, and was later followed by Harley J. Mosley Sr., who became the post’s longest serving leader. Past Commander Rob-ert Feliciano became the first member from Post 1871 to serve as Bronx County Com-mander, and in 2012 Jerome L. Rice became the first Commander from the post to have been both selected and graduated from the National American Legion College. 
Legion Post 1871 has been a pillar of patri-
otism and strength in the community for 45 years, and I am honored to recognize their leaders and members for all of their incredible efforts. The work this fine organization has performed in and around Co-op City has un-questionably left an indelible mark on the com-munity for the better, and I am certain they will continue to do so for many more years to come. Congratulations to the Legionnaires on this wonderful anniversary. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SUTTER MED-
ICAL CENTER, SACRAMENTO ON THE COMPLETION OF THE AN-DERSON LUCCHETTI WOMEN’S AND CHILDREN’S CENTER 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Sutter Medical Center, Sacramento and its employees as the Center celebrates the opening of the Anderson Lucchetti Wom-en’s and Children’s Center. Sutter Medical Center, Sacramento is a community based, not-for-profit hospital, with the mission of en-hancing the well-being of the people in the communities it serves through a commitment to compassion and excellence in health care services. 
Sutter Health does more than just deliver 
quality health care. Sutter Health serves as a major economic driver, with more than 12,000 employees in the greater Sacramento Region. Moreover, Sutter Health provided more than $100 million in Community Benefit and Charity Care investments to the underserved in the Sacramento community in 2014 alone. 
Sutter Medical Center, Sacramento is em-
barking on a new era in its mission to deliver the latest and highest quality health care. The new Anderson Lucchetti Women’s and Chil-dren’s Center and the comprehensive renova-tion of Sutter General Hospital into the Ose Adams Medical Pavilion are opening in the coming weeks. It has resulted in a state-of- the-art medical campus designed to meet the growing health care needs of the greater Sac-
ramento region. 
The medical center renovation project re-
quired an investment of $750 million and cre-ated nearly half a million square footage of new space. This new facility will allow Sutter Health to bring its medical expertise, tech-nology and patient-focused care into one eas-ily accessible campus to better serve the greater Sacramento community. By locating all primary and specialty care services in a cen-tral location, patients and families will gain faster and easier access to needed medical services. 
The 242-bed Anderson Lucchetti Women’s 
and Children’s Center is a 10-story acute-care hospital, where patients and their families can obtain the highest level of neonatal and pedi-atric intensive care services, pediatric cardiac care, pediatric neurosurgery services, pediatric cancer services, high-risk and conventional maternity services. When the new hospital offi-cially opens on August 8th, it will replace Sut-ter Memorial Hospital as Sacramento’s ‘‘baby hospital’’ and home to the Sutter Children’s Center. 
Additionally, Sutter General Hospital has 
been significantly renovated, transforming it into the 274-bed Ose Adams Medical Pavilion. These two acute-care facilities are connected seamlessly by a unique, three-story spanning structure across L Street that also houses clin-ical space. This effectively blends the two fa-cilities into one comprehensive medical cam-pus. 
Mr. Speaker, as Sutter Health’s staff, pa-
tient, and the Sacramento community come together to celebrate the opening of the An-derson Lucchetti Women’s and Children’s Center, I ask all my colleagues to join me in congratulating Sutter Health on completion of this integrated medical campus and in thank-ing Sutter Medical Center, Sacramento for the quality care it provides every patient who walks through its doors. 
f 
HONORING EDEN SKOOP AWARDED 
THE BEST-IN-CLASS AND PER-FECT ATTENDANCE AWARDS 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of Eden Skoop, a graduating senior from Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, who has been awarded the Best-in-Class and Perfect Attendance Awards from the Broward County School District Attendance Committee. 
The Best-in-Class Award is presented to 
students who have been continuously enrolled in Broward County Public Schools from kinder-garten through 12th grades, with the best at-tendance. Eden has not missed a single day of school since entering kindergarten 13 years ago, for a total 2,340 school days. She has demonstrated a sincere commitment to her education and the Broward school community. The amount of time and effort she has com-mitted to her education is truly admirable and exhibits a level of passion worthy of recogni-tion. 
I happily congratulate Eden and wish her 
best of luck as she continues her academic pursuits in the Honors Program at American University. It is with great pleasure that I honor 
her, and I know that she will continue to in-spire young South Floridians to live by her ex-ample. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE CENTENNIAL 
ANNIVERSARY OF FORT LAU-DERDALE HIGH SCHOOL 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to celebrate the centennial anniver-sary of Fort Lauderdale High School, a vibrant and innovative school in South Florida. The home of the Flying L’s that opened its doors in 1915 to a graduating class of 5 people has now grown to a diverse community of more than 2,100 students. 
Fort Lauderdale High School is celebrating 
a long history of academic excellence. It has consistently been ranked among the best pub-lic high schools, not only in Florida but also across the nation, with US News awarded Fort Lauderdale High School the silver medal for education in 2015. 
Under the current leadership of Principal 
Priscilla Ribeiro, the school is working to meet the needs of a new generation, offering stu-dents many opportunities through a state-rec-ognized magnet program, an array of Ad-vanced Placement courses, a competitive ath-letic program, as well as an active alumni community. The school continues to strive to embrace their motto, ‘‘Strong and True, White and Blue.’’ 
In honor of Fort Lauderdale High School’s 
centennial anniversary, I want to congratulate the faculty, administration, students, and alum-ni on all of their successes and wish them a bright and prosperous future. 
f 
HONORING MR. JOE LOMBARDO 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Mr. Joe Lombardo for his contributions to the aerospace industry, Gen-eral Dynamics and Gulfstream Aerospace, the largest private employer in the First District of Georgia. 
Mr. Joe Lombardo’s career in the aerospace 
industry spans over 40 years, beginning in 1975 when he worked two different program operations at Douglas Aircraft, a division of McDonnell Douglas Corporation. Mr. Lombardo’s disciplined and systematic ap-proach to aviation production operations led to his recruitment by Gulfstream in 1996. He started as vice president of Co-Production and was vital to the successful ramp-up and dual production of the Gulfstream IV-SP and Gulf-stream GV. His visionary leadership and com-mitment to Lean practices transformed Gulfstream’s Savannah-based manufacturing facility from a single to a dual production line, a practice that continues today. He served as the company’s chief operating officer and then president from 2007 until 2011. Mr. Lombardo 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:10 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01JN8.003 E01JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E801 June 1, 2015 
was instrumental in the development of the 
Gulfstream G650 and Gulfstream G280. Since 1997, he has also served as the executive vice president of the Aerospace Group for General Dynamics. 
Prior to his career at Gulfstream, Mr. 
Lombardo earned a bachelor’s degree in soci-ology from San Diego State University and a master’s degree in business administration from California State University Long Beach. Mr. Lombardo received the National Manage-ment Association’s Silver Knight award and was recognized for his leadership in aviation when he was awarded the Cliff Henderson Trophy by the National Aeronautic Association in 2012. Mr. Lombardo served on the Cor-porate Angel Network’s board of directors and as the Chairman of the Board of Governors of Ocean Exchange. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to join Mr. Joe 
Lombardo’s colleagues, family, and friends in celebrating many years of hard work and dedi-cation to our community and our Country. 
f 
HONORING THE 10TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF HYUNDAI MOTOR MAN-UFACTURING ALABAMA 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, it is 
an honor to represent the vibrant community of Montgomery, Alabama—which includes constituents from Alabama’s second, third, and seventh congressional districts—alongside with my colleagues Representatives M
ARTHA  
ROBYand M IKEROGERS . 
Montgomery is the proud home of Hyundai 
Motor Manufacturing Alabama (HMMA), and today we would like to congratulate Hyundai on celebrating an incredible milestone—its tenth anniversary of manufacturing vehicles in the United States—on Wednesday, May 20, 2015. 
HMMA is responsible for more than 35,000 
direct and indirect jobs throughout Alabama and has had an economic impact of nearly $4 billion in the state. Additionally, approximately 75 suppliers throughout North America support the Hyundai plant and provide jobs for over 6,000 people. 
Since breaking ground in 2002, Hyundai has 
invested over $1.8 billion in the Montgomery facility, which is now recognized as being one of the most advanced and efficient manufac-turing and assembly plants in the world. 
Over 3,700 Hyundai Team Members at the 
Montgomery plant are building Hyundai’s So-nata and Elantra sedans. In previous years, Team Members have also built the Hyundai Santa Fe sport utility vehicle. 
With annual production capacity now ap-
proaching 400,000 vehicles, Hyundai Team Members will soon reach another milestone as they build the plant’s 3 millionth vehicle in the coming weeks. 
We are also proud to recognize Hyundai for 
its efforts to recruit students from the sur-rounding area for internships. Internships are often valuable stepping stones for future ca-reers. Each year, Hyundai selects students from Alabama State University, the University of Alabama and Auburn University to partici-pate in summer internships. College students are given the opportunity to work 10 weeks 
during the summer in a variety of roles sup-porting the finance, accounting, human re-sources, legal, public relations, part logistics, engineering and maintenance departments. Hyundai also selects students from Trenholm Technical College to participate in an intern maintenance program. 
On a personal note, Hyundai has worked 
closely with my office to promote Project READY, an initiative I launched in 2013 to promote workforce development and job cre-ation throughout the 7th Congressional Dis-trict. Representatives from Hyundai’s human resources department have served as pre-senters during our Project READY workforce development seminars in Montgomery, and have recruited talented employees at each of the 7th Congressional Job Fairs since 2012. 
Hyundai is truly committed to the people of 
Alabama’s River Region as well as its U.S. consumers, and we are proud to have Hyundai as a leading corporate citizen in our community. 
f 
IN SPECIAL RECOGNITION OF 
ROSS CAYWOOD ON HIS OFFER OF APPOINTMENT TO ATTEND THE UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY 
HON. ROBERT E. LATTA 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my great 
pleasure to pay special tribute to an out-standing student from Ohio’s Fifth Congres-sional District. I am pleased to announce that Ross Caywood of Perrysburg, Ohio has been offered an appointment to the United States Military Academy in West Point, New York. 
Ross’ offer of appointment poises him to at-
tend the United States Military Academy this fall with the incoming Class of 2019. Attending one of our nation’s military academies not only offers the opportunity to serve our country but also guarantees a world-class education, while placing demands on those who undertake one of the most challenging and rewarding experi-ences of their lives. 
Ross brings an enormous amount of leader-
ship, service, and dedication to the incoming Class of 2019. While attending Perrysburg High School in Perrysburg, Ohio, Ross was consistently on the honor roll, academic all- Ohio, and graduated with cum laude honors. 
Throughout high school, Ross was a mem-
ber of his school’s wrestling and football teams, having excelled at wrestling being the 2014 Division 1 State Champion in Ohio. I am confident that Ross will carry the lessons of his student and athletic leadership to the Mili-tary Academy. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in congratulating Ross Caywood on the offer of his appointment to the United States Mili-tary Academy. Our service academies offer the finest military training and education avail-able. I am positive that Ross will excel during his career at the Military Academy, and I ask my colleagues to join me in extending their best wishes to him as he begins his service to the Nation. IN TRIBUTE TO THE HONORABLE 
PEG LAUTENSCHLAGER 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Former Attorney General Peg Lautenschlager, who is being honored by ‘‘Emerge Wisconsin’’ on June 3, 2015. Attor-ney Peg Lautenschlager has not only been a leading voice for women but has served as a mentor and supporter of women, a Democratic leader, and a defender of civil and human rights during her 30 plus year career. 
Attorney Peg Lautenschlager is a native of 
Fond du Lac, Wisconsin where she continues to reside. She is a Phi Beta Kappa graduate of Lake Forest College, honoring in history and mathematics and a graduate of the Uni-versity of Wisconsin Law School. She is mar-ried to her soul mate Bill Rippl, a retired police officer from the city of Neenah, Wisconsin, and has five children. 
Attorney Peg Lautenschlager has shattered 
many glass ceilings along the way as a woman and as a Democrat: she served as the first woman District Attorney for Winnebago County, Wisconsin; she was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly beating a 32-year Republican incumbent and was the first demo-crat elected to this seat since the Great De-pression and she was the first woman to rep-resent her district; she was appointed U.S. At-torney for the Western District of Wisconsin by President Bill Clinton and was the first woman to serve in that office; she was elected Wis-consin Attorney General and was the first woman Attorney General for the State of Wis-consin. Lautenschlager is a former member of the Wisconsin State Elections Board, the Gov-ernor’s Council on Domestic Abuse, the Democratic National Committee and the Osh-kosh Rape Crisis Center. Since leaving public office, Peg is a practicing lawyer and educa-tor. She has worked tirelessly to help other Democrats, women and disenfranchised peo-ple. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize my 
friend and former colleague in the Wisconsin 
State Assembly, Attorney Peg Lautenschlager. Peg and her family have become a part of my family and she is a Confidante. I am both priv-ileged and blessed to have her support, loy-alty, and friendship. Attorney Peg Lautenschlager’s legacy is not just her family but the countless women and Democrats who follow in her footsteps. The citizens of the Fourth Congressional District, the State of Wisconsin and the nation have benefited tre-mendously from her dedicated service. I am honored for these reasons to pay tribute to At-torney Peg Lautenschlager. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE RETIRE-
MENT OF ROLANDA DUCHESNE AFTER THREE DECADES OF SERVICE AT GRANITE UNITED WAY OF NEW HAMPSHIRE 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recogni-
tion of Rolanda Duchesne on the occasion of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:10 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01JN8.007 E01JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E802 June 1, 2015 
her retirement from Granite United Way of 
New Hampshire. Rolanda is embarking on a well-earned retirement after 33 years as a dedicated public servant, working to help her neighbors in need of assistance in New Hampshire’s North Country. Be it flood or fire, hunger or shelter, dislocation or disaster, Rolanda’s efforts at the United Way have brought relief and hope to hundreds of people in distress. 
Rolanda served for almost 30 years as the 
Executive Director of United Way of Northern New Hampshire, until it merged with the other regional United Way organizations throughout the state to become Granite United Way. Since then, she has served as Director of Community Impact for the Northern Region. 
Rolanda’s commitment to service does not 
stop with her day job. She is the town welfare officer in her community of Milan, a Justice of the Peace, and a Notary Public. She is on the Advisory Board of Health and Human Services at White Mountain Community College, a Fel-low at the University of New Hampshire’s Carsey Institute, and a Member of the New Hampshire Charitable Trust’s North Country Board. 
During her tenure in the North Country, 
Rolanda has witnessed a rash of mill closings, high unemployment, natural disasters, and an economy in freefall. Yet even when it affected her own family, she did everything in her power to meet the needs of the communities around her. People were warm during the cold winters, food banks were well-stocked for the hungry, and children had clothes for school. 
Her life in service is one that is rarely 
matched. Thus, it is my honor to recognize and thank Rolanda for her outstanding citizen-ship and service to her neighbors, the Granite State, and the United States. I wish her a happy retirement and wish her the best of luck on the adventures to come. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE SAMOAN 
EXILES 
HON. GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO 
SABLAN 
OF THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, on June 20 a 
group of seventy-two Samoans who were ex-iled from their home to my home, the Northern Mariana Islands, will receive the ceremonial farewell they were never given—one hundred years late. 
Allow me to add the story of their exile to 
the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD , where it may be 
held in trust and remembered. And let me ac-knowledge the work of historian Scott Russell in assembling these details. 
In May 1909, the seventy-two Samoans, 10 
chiefs, their families and servants were exiled to the island of Saipan in the Mariana Islands by the governor of German Samoa Wilhelm Solf. These chiefs were involved in a move-ment known as the Mau a Pule (the opinion of Pule) which sought to reinstate traditional Sa-moan practices abolished by the German colo-nial regime in the late nineteenth century. The leader of the movement was Lauaki Namulau’ulu, an orator of high standing from Safotulafai, one of the most senior villages in Savai’i. Lauaki and his followers, however, failed to secure support from other factions in 
Samoa and they were subsequently exiled to distant Saipan by Governor Solf. 
The Samoans established themselves on 
Saipan just south of the village of Tanapag. They built eleven fale, the distinctive round Samoan residential house, one each for the ten chiefs and one for the Samoan pastor and his family who accompanied the chiefs in exile. The German administration provided each family with tools, seeds and livestock. Water was brought in by bamboo piping from 
nearby Saddok Agaton and the people of Tanapag gave their new neighbors assistance. It is reported that the Samoans acclimated well since Saipan’s environment was very similar to that of their homeland. The Samoans remained on Saipan until June 1915 when they were repatriated home by the Japa-nese military administration that had been on the island since October 1914. 
The story of these political exiles was al-
most lost in time. No significant body of oral history regarding the Samoans survives in the Marianas. Local recollections about the Sa-moan presence are limited to a couple short magazine articles dating to the late 1960s. And the German, Japanese, and New Zea-land/British government records associated with this event have not been readily avail-able. 
In the late 1990s, however, the Division of 
Historic Preservation of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands did acquire an account written by the youngest exiled chief, Iiga Pisa. Pisa’s account, written in 1942, pro-vides some details about exile life on Saipan but its main focus is Pisa’s own remarkable voyage from Saipan to Guam in a small Sa-moan paddling canoe. Pisa was an ambitious youth and had spent his time on Saipan learn-ing the German language with the aim of ob-taining employment in the colonial government in Samoa after returning home. World War I, however, ended his plans when English- speaking New Zealanders replaced Germans as colonial administrators in what is now Inde-pendent Samoa. 
Pisa decided that rather than return to his 
home unprepared, he would paddle his way to American-controlled Guam where he hoped to learn English. Without informing the elder chiefs, Pisa secretly departed Saipan at night in a borrowed Samoan paddling canoe. After reaching Rota in the Northern Marianas, where he was provided food and shelter by the Alcalde, Pisa continued on to Guam where he came ashore at Ritidian. After convincing the American military governor of his identity, he was given a job in the Navy printing office. Pisa quickly learned English and requested to be returned home in 1919. He then had a suc-cessful career in the local government. He was the only exiled chief to survive the influ-enza epidemic that claimed millions of lives worldwide in 1918. Today, Pisa is still remem-bered in Samoa for his daring voyage to Guam. 
This month all of this remarkable piece of 
Pacific history will be remembered in a series of events arranged by the Northern Marianas Humanities Council. Dignitaries, scholars, and keepers of the islands’ oral history will con-vene from Samoa, New Zealand, and the Mar-iana Islands. The culmination will be a farewell ceremony conducted in accordance with the precepts of Samoan culture. 
In commemoration of this event and in re-
membrance of those Samoans, who were ex-iled for their political beliefs, I submit this brief 
history. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 50TH AN-
NIVERSARY OF THE MONMOUTH CONSERVATORY OF MUSIC 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate the Monmouth Conservatory of Music on its 50th anniversary this year. The Monmouth Conservatory of Music has been a premier music school in New Jersey and this milestone is truly deserving of this body’s rec-ognition. 
The only non-profit music school in Mon-
mouth County, New Jersey, the Monmouth Conservatory of Music is a valuable and influ-ential institution of the local arts community and an outstanding educational and rec-reational resource for the greater Monmouth County area. It focuses its efforts on reaching everyone in the community, including under-served populations, and works to make music education and experiences accessible to all, offering scholarships, lectures, programs and free public concerts. Its mission to introduce music to the general public and its positive im-pact on the community is commendable. 
Founded in 1964 by Felix and Jeannette 
Molzer, the Monmouth Conservatory of Music remains dedicated to fostering musical excel-lence in its students and imparting the impor-tance of musical education and musical under-standing to future generations. Its commitment to promoting music has contributed to the thriving cultural landscape of the community. Under the direction of Artistic and Executive Director Vladislav Kovalsky and Associate Di-rector Irina Kovalsky, the Monmouth Conserv-atory of Music offers expert teachers and high standards for its students. It is committed to enriching its students and the community through music. 
Once again, I sincerely hope my colleagues 
will join me in recognizing the contributions and achievements of the Monmouth Conserv-atory of Music and honoring its 50th anniver-sary. 
f 
REMEMBERING MARCUS 
BELGRAVE 
HON. JOHN CONYERS, JR. 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize and honor the life and career of my friend and fellow Detroiter, Marcus Belgrave, who passed away last Sunday, May 24th. 
Mr. Belgrave was a consummate gen-
tleman; a legendary jazz impresario; and a gifted player, composer, and teacher. It is dif-ficult to fathom how one achieves all that Marcus did—he started his career at just 18 years old, playing with Ray Charles. He went on to share the stage with luminaries like Ella Fitzgerald, Charles Mingus, McCoy Tyner, Dizzy Gillespie, Eric Dolphy, Aretha Franklin, Wynton Marsalis, and Joe Henderson. Every-one has heard the power of his talent in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:10 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01JN8.011 E01JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E803 June 1, 2015 
Motown classics like ‘‘My Girl’’ and ‘‘Dancing 
in the Street.’’ As a Jazz Ambassador, Marcus Belgrave carried his American sound to Latin America, Europe, Asia, Africa, and the Middle East. 
But he was not just a musician, not just a 
composer—he was a mentor of the highest order. He taught Jazz to some of our greatest contemporary artists, including Geri Allen, Re-gina Carter, Kenny Garnett, Robert Hurst, and Karriem Riggens. Virtually every Jazz artist to come out of Detroit in the past 50 years was influenced by Marcus. Though he may be gone and his trumpet is finally silent, his talent and voice will continue to inspire new genera-tions through the lives he helped shape. His shadow will loom large over every Detroiter who picks up the trumpet. 
He will also live on through the institutions 
of Jazz that he founded, chartered, and fos-tered. He was an original member of the Lin-coln Center Jazz Orchestra. He established the Jazz Development Workshop and Jazz Studies program at the Detroit Metro Arts Complex. He served as a Professor of Jazz at Oberlin College in Ohio. Motown would not have been the same without him. Detroit’s place in Jazz history would not be the same without him. 
The world lost a living legend last week, and 
Detroit lost a champion. But Mr. Belgrave lived his life in such a way that he will remembered forever. I offer my heartfelt condolences to his wife Joan, his children, and all the family, friends, and fans who mourn the passing of a legend. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE C.K. 
MCCLATCHY GIRLS BASKETBALL 
TEAM 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize and congratulate the C.K. McClatchy High School Girls Basketball Team for winning the 2015 Division I State Cham-pionship. As the team’s players, coaches, stu-dent body and faculty look back on this terrific season, I ask my colleagues to join me in hon-oring the team for its remarkable success. 
The 2014–2015 McClatchy Lady Lions are 
comprised of an excellent group of student- athletes who play a tenacious, gritty brand of basketball that energized not only the school, but the entire Sacramento community. Their selfless play and team spirit exemplified the best that high school athletics has to offer. 
The Lady Lions culminated their brilliant 
season on March 27, 2015 by defeating Serra of Gardena 65–61 in double-overtime to win the California Interscholastic Federation Divi-sion I State Championship. Their state cham-pionship is the first for McClatchy High School in any sport, and also was the first in Sac-ramento City Unified School District history. 
McClatchy’s victory is a fitting conclusion to 
the season for a group of players who have demonstrated tremendous skill, perseverance, and effort throughout the year. Each player, whether senior, junior, or sophomore, exhib-ited a steadfast commitment to the team. The Lady Lions outstanding roster includes Lauren Nubla, Destiney Lee, Jordan Cruz, Kelsey Wong, Kristi Wong, Alex Washington, Sara 
Shimizu, Ka’maree Donald, Haley Arakaki, Jade Fonseca, and the Sacramento Bee’s 2014–2015 Basketball Player of the Year, Gigi Garcia. 
In addition to their talented roster, the 
McClatchy team also benefitted greatly from the tutelage of one of the best coaching staffs in the area. Head Coach Jessica Kunisaki and her able assistant coaches, Jeff Ota, Que Ngo, and Carlos Vicenty cultivated a spirit of camaraderie and hard work under which the players thrived. 
Mr. Speaker, as McClatchy’s 2014–2015 
school year concludes, I am honored to pay tribute to the exemplary members of the C.K. McClatchy High School girls basketball team, who have brought so much enthusiasm and pride to McClatchy and the Sacramento com-munity. Their success this year is highly com-mendable and I am pleased to have the op-portunity to recognize their accomplishments. I ask all of my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating the C.K. McClatchy girls basketball team on a wonderful season and wish them continued success in future years. 
f 
HONORING CAPTAIN SCOTT 
BIERWILER 
HON. RICHARD B. NUGENT 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Mr. NUGENT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor and remember the life of Captain Scott Bierwiler, a fellow colleague of the Hernando County Sheriff’s Department, a dedicated hus-band and father of three, and my good friend. 
Captain Bierwiler met his untimely death in 
an automobile accident that devastated the community. The sadness and grief felt upon hearing the news of his passing still stings fresh in my mind, even though risk is an inher-ent part of the law enforcement description. As sheriff, it was a day that I always feared and hoped I would never have to face. Yet I found myself mourning my friend. 
It is tough to recall the days that followed 
and how full they were of tears, sorrow, and disbelief. However, the memories of Captain Bierwiler quickly came to light and the transi-tion from sadness to acceptance began. As if it were from a page in his own book, the focus of his early death quickly became more about the celebration of his life and the impact he had on so many. 
I first met Scott through his parents, who 
are family friends, and I immediately recog-nized the potential he radiated even as a young man. After graduating from the police academy, Scott joined the Hernando Sheriff’s Department where he served proudly for twen-ty-three years. He was a hard worker and was dedicated to his job, his fellow officers, and the community where he lived and worked. 
His work ethic was unlike any other. No 
matter how big or small the task, nor note-worthy or publicly known the result. And his determinations didn’t go unnoticed. Scott was awarded the Hernando County Sheriff’s Office Medal of Valor, the Hernando County Ribbon of Commendation, the New Jersey State Medal of Valor, the Meritorious Service Award from Bergen County Prosecutors Office, and the Combat Cross. But above all accolades, there was not one person who didn’t have the 
upmost respect for Captain Bierwiler. Respect was mutual and he made sure that it was al-ways known. There was no question that Cap-tain Bierwiler would have made an honorable and just sheriff for Hernando County. 
He was a quintessential family man—loving, 
dependable, and as devoted as they come. There was never a question that his children were his sole purpose in life and his greatest achievement. He would tell stories of the mo-ments of laughter they would share, the times spent together boating on the Gulf of Mexico, and the hopes he had for their futures. He gave all that he had to his family and I can only hope that as his children grow, they flour-ish in the love that surrounds them from their father. 
On Thursday, May 28, 2015, the Hernando 
County Sheriff’s Department unveiled a me-morial for Captain Scott M. Bierwiler. It will never be easy to look back on the day that Scott was taken from his family, his friends, and the Hernando community. But my hope for the memorial sign dedicated in his honor is to allow us to remember the times we shared with him, the happy and blessed life he lived, and the legacy he left behind. I am humbled and will forever be thankful to have been a friend of Captain Scott Bierwiler and I will con-tinue to remember his memory fondly. 
f 
HONORING COLONEL GREG 
SCHANNEP, USA, RETIRED 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Colonel Greg Schannep, USA, Retired. As a man of deep faith, he knows that scripture tells us, ‘‘And let us not grow weary of doing good, for in due season we will reap, if we do not give up.’’ Greg has brought these powerful words to life throughout his career as a servant of God, the Army, and his fellow man. 
Greg was born in El Segundo, California 
and first served in the U.S. Army from 1965 to 1967. He was among the elite Special Forces at Fort Bragg before being honorably dis-charged at the rank of Sergeant. Education was next on his agenda. While he holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Marketing from Northern Arizona University, Greg’s lasting faith led him to pursue a Master’s Degree in Theology from Fuller Theological Seminary in California. 
Greg couldn’t resist the call to serve and, 
after completing his education, returned to ac-tive duty in 1977 as an Army Chaplain. There are no closed doors to a chaplain in the mili-tary and Greg was as welcome among his fel-low officers as he was among the enlisted. His life experience, Special Forces background, and pastoral skills made him a blessing to the Army family. He served as a Chaplain for twenty-nine years, retiring in 2004 at the rank of Colonel. 
Most would use the passing of one career 
as an opportunity to enjoy a well-deserved rest. Yet Greg’s need to serve led him to, within days of his military retirement cere-mony, start a new career as my liaison to Fort Hood. It’s a role he is uniquely suited for as he understands both the importance of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:10 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01JN8.014 E01JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E804 June 1, 2015 
mission at The Great Place and the unique 
culture that sustains our warriors there. He’s been a steady, calming presence through times both good and bad for the thousands of brave warriors stationed at one of the world’s largest military bases. 
Greg’s genial nature is equaled only by his 
hard-earned wisdom from years of ministry. He knows there are two sides to every story and that everyone deserves to have their voice heard. This has proven invaluable as he’s worked tirelessly on behalf of his beloved Fort Hood and the people of Central Texas. His patient and positive attitude remains a source of strength and inspiration for both friends and colleagues. 
Yet through it all, family remains the center 
of his life. He is married to the former Martha (Marty) E. Haley. Greg’s six children know him has a devoted and loving dad to them and a proud grandfather to his seven grand children. 
Greg Schannep signs all his emails with the 
stirring words Pro Deo et Patria (‘‘Still Serving God & Country’’). All who’ve been blessed by his presence know that to him this isn’t a meaningless expression but a deep and last-ing creed that has been the guiding force of his life. 
Greg’s been a trusted advisor, superb public 
servant, and vital part of Team Carter. I join my staff in wishing him a well-deserved retire-ment and nothing but the best in the years ahead. 
f 
HONORING DAVID JOHN GOTAAS 
HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life of David John Gotaas, a resi-dent of Northbrook, who passed away on May 23, 2015. 
Born in Chicago to Lois and David S. 
Gotaas on March 2, 1951, David was raised a missionary child in Venezuela until his family returned to the Chicago area where David at-tended New Trier High School (1968), Whea-ton College (BA, Economics, 1972) and North-western University (MBA, 1974). Although he began his career as a Certified Public Ac-countant, David was an entrepreneur at heart, and gladly traded corporate pursuits for self- made ventures in real estate, which he viewed as both business and ministry. 
In 1978, David married the love of his life 
and best friend, Sally Slingerland, who at-tended Winnetka Bible Church where his fa-ther pastored. David and Sally settled in Northbrook where they raised four daughters. 
David’s childhood on the mission field 
marked him with a passion to serve others around the world. An active member of the Winnetka Rotary Club, David helped initiate the first Rotary Club in the country of Kosovo in 2005. David’s involvement in Kosovo also included service on the Advisory Board for the Kosovo American Education Fund and the Board of Trustees for the American Councils for International Education. 
David’s travels brought him not only to 
Kosovo, but to over 80 countries around the world. A member of the Circumnavigators Club of Chicago, David’s favorite travel des-tinations were far from the typical tourist trail, including recent trips to Myanmar and Ban-
gladesh, where he purposefully sought out the humblest accommodations to connect with locals and practice simplicity. Despite the breadth of his adventures, perhaps his favorite destination was Yosemite National Park, where he enjoyed bringing anyone willing to keep up with him. Wherever he traveled, David was known to share his adventures via postcards to family, friends and acquaint-ances. 
David will be remembered for his passionate 
love for Jesus Christ, love for family, integrity, thoughtfulness and generosity. He is survived by his wife, Sally, and his four daughters, Anne, Kathryn, Mary and Laura. In his final years, perhaps David’s greatest joy was his grandchildren: Nathan, Nora, Kate, Silas and a fifth due in September. 
f 
HONORING COMMUNITY CHAMPION 
YVONNE CLARK 
HON. MIKE KELLY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I 
would like to recognize one of my constituents from Western Pennsylvania, Yvonne Clark. Yvonne, the Director of Walker’s Neighbor-hood House in Lawrence County, has served both her family and community with excel-lence, leaving behind her a legacy of compas-sion and integrity that has impacted many. 
The seventh of sixteen children, Yvonne 
worked for both American Cleaners and First National Bank before putting her professional ambitions on hold in order to raise her family. She has been happily married to Robert Clark for forty-seven years, and together they have three children: Robert Jr., Adella, and Aaron. Yvonne and Robert are also blessed to be the grandparents of nine grandchildren. 
In 1979, Yvonne enrolled in the Pittsburgh 
Beauty Academy in Beaver Falls, Pennsyl-vania and graduated with honors shortly there-after. Under the mentorship of a respected and accomplished local salon-owner, Yvonne learned the skills of the trade and eventually opened her own salon in 1984. When health issues demanded a change of course, Yvonne worked as a family service worker and then a job coach before returning to school at Mid-western Baptist School of Ministry. Again, she graduated with honors and received her Asso-ciate’s Degree in Women’s Ministry in 2006. Additionally, valuing her role as mother and grandmother, Yvonne became the primary caregiver for her three grandchildren when her daughter was diagnosed with multiple scle-rosis. 
It was around this time that Walker’s Neigh-
borhood House, a division of the Gussie M. Walker Community Outreach Organization, was established. The mission of this after- school program is to empower youth and fami-lies to be the best they can be by obtaining a better education, while also learning that with God all things are possible. By providing both tutoring and structured recreational opportuni-ties for local youth in an area where 85% of the population is considered low-income, Walker’s Neighborhood House is breathing life back into the community and empowering our next generation of leaders. Under Yvonne’s devoted and impassioned leadership, over 
2,500 students have walked through its doors and left changed for the better. 
In serving her family and community, 
Yvonne has shown herself to be a leader in the truest sense of the word and a role model for the many who are privileged to know her. Furthermore, her dedication to directing the St John United Holy Church Choir for thirty-five years gives evidence to the core Christian val-ues that inform her experiences. On behalf of the Third District of Pennsylvania, I would like to express sincere gratitude and appreciation to Mrs. Yvonne Clark, a true Community Champion. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE NJROTC 
AWARD WINNERS 
HON. DUNCAN HUNTER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, it’s with a pro-
found sense of pride that I rise today in rec-ognition of our nation’s Naval Junior Reserve Officer Training Corps (NJROTC) program, its cadets and the excellent cadre of leadership that instructs and guides these future naval of-ficers. Our nation is defended by a military that is second-to-none, but it’s no mistake that the quality and pedigree of our nation’s armed forces is beyond comparison. Training is only part of what makes a good military leader. The principles of commitment, organization, team-work and respect are not always learned—in many ways, they are innate, and those who serve in the NJROTC program show a level of talent and dedication that consistently dem-onstrates why our military—and our Navy, es-pecially—possesses so many first-rate lead-ers. 
Most recently, a national competition was 
launched to determine the 2015 Navy League Most Improved Unit and the 2015 Most Out-standing Unit. Most improved honors went to the Pearl River Central High School in Carriere, Mississippi. The Most Outstanding Unit award was given to the Allen D. Nease High School in Ponte Vedra, Florida. Two im-pressive units, Mr. Speaker, and both showed strong attributes in their respective award areas. There was plenty of competition, and every unit gave their best—and for that, both the award winners and the entire field of com-petitors can take great pride in their accom-plishments. 
Receiving a top award is really quite an 
honor, Mr. Speaker. In fact, awards often re-flect years of hard work and development, even though awards are given yearly. The award criteria is exhaustive—evaluating par-ticipation in the classroom, physical fitness and extracurricular activities. Cadets even par-ticipate in community service projects—with one unit, Pearl River, completing more than 5,000 hours of community service alone. How-ever, Mr. Speaker, as we extend our congratu-lations to the cadets, I would be remiss if we didn’t recognize the amazing work of the many program instructors. In particular, I want to recognize Naval Science Instructors Col. Todd Ryder and Chief Ron Hazlewood, whose lead-ership, professionalism and knowledge have been integral to successful mentorship in the NJROTC program at Pearl River. And I know 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:10 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01JN8.017 E01JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E805 June 1, 2015 
their commitment to the cadets has translated 
into the development of community leaders and positive influences within the school sys-tem. A special thank you to Todd and Ron, for all you do to encourage future patriots with the same tenacity and work ethic that defined your own service careers. 
Mr. Speaker, once again, I ask that this 
body join me in recognizing this fine group of Americans for all they have accomplished— and their continued and future service to this great nation. 
f 
HONORING ED ZABROCKI FOR HIS 
34 YEARS OF SERVICE AS MAYOR OF TINLEY PARK, ILLI-NOIS 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Ed Zabrocki who recently retired after serving 34 years as Mayor of Tinley Park, Illi-nois. Throughout his time in office, Mayor Zabrocki demonstrated tremendous dedication to his community and its residents. 
Ed Zabrocki began his career in public serv-
ice by serving on the Tinley Park Human Re-sources Commission and became a Village Trustee in 1979. Two years later he was elect-ed Mayor of Tinley Park. 
Throughout his tenure in office, Mayor 
Zabrocki maintained a strong commitment to Tinley Park’s residents. Under his leadership, the village became one of the fastest growing municipalities in the nation. In 2005 he was named as a finalist for the World Mayor Award. In 2006, the Commerce Department recognized Mayor Zabrocki with the Excel-lence in Economic Development Award for ‘‘recognizing commitment to sound, research- based, market driven economic development in helping to grow the local economy.’’ In addi-tion to his service to Tinley Park, Ed Zabrocki was elected to be the 37th District’s State Representative in the 89th Illinois General As-sembly. 
Ed Zabrocki has also been dedicated to 
education. After two years as a teacher at Bishop Noll, he was hired to teach at Brother Rice High School in Chicago in 1965. Forty years later he retired as Director of Guidance. Over the years he had a great influence on his students, with five of them going on to be elected to public office in the Chicago area. 
Mayor Zabrocki and his wife Emily are the 
parents of two children and the grandparents of seven. In retirement he plans to spend more time with his family as well as his Lionel train sets and his baritone sax. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BOBBY WALTERS 
HON. TOM RICE 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, 
today is the official start of Hurricane Season. As a lifelong resident of a coastal area and a representative of a coastal district, hurricane preparedness is a priority of mine. I would like to recognize a young man in my 
district who is committed to hurricane safety, Bobby Walters. Bobby is a resident of George-town County, South Carolina, and has spent the last three years marking 861 street signs with their corresponding hurricane evacuation zone. 
Now, Georgetown residents can easily de-
termine which evacuation zone they are in, and should inclement weather occur, proceed to the nearest evacuation route. 
Bobby is a member of Boy Scout Troop 360 
in Pawleys Island and completed this project to earn his Eagle Scout rank. 
On behalf of the Seventh Congressional 
District, thank you Bobby and Troop 360 for all of your hard work to keep our community safe. 
f 
THE PHOENIX MERCURY, 2014 
WNBA CHAMPIONS 
HON. KYRSTEN SINEMA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the Phoenix Mercury, our 2014 WNBA Champions, who on Friday June 5, 2015 begin their nineteenth season. During the opening game, the team will receive their third championship ring in seven years and the 2014 Championship Banner will be un-veiled before thousands of fans. The enthusi-astic crowds that have supported the players for almost two decades will be there to cheer them on as they play the San Antonio Stars. As the team begins their new season, I proud-ly recognize the exceptional team members, captains and managers who have built the most successful professional women’s basket-ball team in the world—our Phoenix Mercury. 
In addition to their talent on the court, Phoe-
nix Mercury team members are an integral part of the Valley of the Sun. The team dedi-cates a great deal of their free time engaging children, neighborhoods and schools, serving as mentors and role models to the young peo-ple who look up to them. 
Our Phoenix Mercury has the strongest fan 
base and attendance in the WNBA and the team credits their success as a team to this ‘‘X-Factor’’—the power of their fans. Congratu-lations to the Phoenix Mercury as they begin their nineteenth season and thank you for demonstrating to young girls, boys and the world, the heart and strength of women ath-letes. 
f 
HONORING RABBI MELVIN AND 
LENORE SIRNER 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, religious institu-
tions and the men and women who lead them have the power to shape and bind commu-nities in many incredible ways. For over forty years in New Rochelle, Rabbi Melvin Sirner and his wife, Lenore, have led Beth El Syna-gogue Center in New Rochelle with incredible grace, and as a result have left an indelible mark on the entire community. A native of Chicago and a graduate of the 
University of Michigan, Rabbi Sirner came to New Rochelle in August 1972 following his or-dination at the Jewish Theological Seminary. Scheduled only to stay at Beth El for two years, Rabbi Sirner extended his stay several years and, upon the retirement of Rabbi Golovensky, was elected Senior Rabbi of the Center. 
Lenore Richman Sirner was born and raised 
in Boro Park, Brooklyn, and received a won-derful early Jewish education at Shulamith School for Girls, and later at Yeshiva of Flatbush High School. A graduate of George Washington University, Lenore earned her Master’s degree in social work from New York University, before serving for many years as Director of Social Work Case management at the Burke Rehabilitation Hospital, and later as Administrator of Clinical Services. 
As Lenore volunteered at Beth El, she met 
Rabbi Sirner, and the rest as they say is his-tory. 
Together, Rabbi Sirner and Lenore have led 
Beth El by emphasizing high quality and meaningful Jewish experiences. Under their stewardship, Beth El went from a community that did not permit participation of women in religious ritual, to a fully egalitarian syna-gogue. The establishment of the Keruv Com-mittee, which works to ensure that all feel fully embraced and welcomed by the Beth El com-munity, has helped shaped the synagogue under Rabbi Sirner’s watch, and the Sylvia and Robert Scher Chesed Committee, which works to help shape the larger New Rochelle community as a whole, has become a great beacon of light for the entire neighborhood due to its fine work. 
But Rabbi and Lenore Sirner’s greatest joy 
and accomplishment is their family. They are the proud parents of Gabrielle, her husband Morris, Abby, and Ari. They are also adoring grandparents to Lev, who I’m told is currently on the verge of mastering the sippy cup. 
This year, the Beth El Synagogue Center is 
honoring Rabbi Sirner and Lenore for their decades of dedicated service to the Beth El, as well as the entire New Rochelle, commu-nities. It is my pleasure to offer congratulations to Rabbi Sirner and Lenore on this wonderful occasion, and thank them for all they have done to better our community. 
f 
WELCOMING AKHAN SEMICON-
DUCTOR INCORPORATED TO GURNEE, IL 
HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in rec-
ognition of AKHAN Semiconductor Incor-porated and its founder and Chief Executive Officer, Adam Khan. AKHAN Semiconductor has become the most advanced diamond semiconductor platform in the world due to the hard work and meticulous training of Mr. Khan and his team. 
AKHAN will begin operations in Gurnee, Illi-
nois this June. Mr. Speaker, the 10th District of Illinois that I represent is a manufacturing hub, and a fantastic place for industry to form and grow. In fact, Gurnee was the perfect choice for AKHAN because it is rich with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:10 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01JN8.020 E01JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E806 June 1, 2015 
human talent and world class education insti-
tutions, is a transportation hub that makes it easy to ship materials and product, and per-haps most critically, Gurnee has strong pro-in-dustry municipal and county leadership begin-ning with its Mayor Kristy Kovarik and Lake County Partners. 
One reason in particular that I am very ex-
cited about AKHAN being here is that its lead-ers understand that they have a responsibility to partner with local educators to ensure that we are preparing our local workforce for the career demands of the 21st Century. I have long been impressed with the College of Lake County and its commitment to partnering with local industry, and so it is no surprise that AKHAN and the College of Lake County are partnering to create an incubator to offer voca-tional training that will allow students to attain certification to operate AKHAN’s high tech ma-chinery. 
AKHAN is also tapping into another jewel of 
our region, Argonne National Laboratories. In fact, I understand that they will soon announce a broadened IP agreement where AKHAN’s patent portfolio will be expanded to cover even more intellectual property. 
Mr. Speaker, AKHAN is an exciting new 
member of our community, and it is my great pleasure to recognize their achievements and welcome them to Gurnee. 
f 
CONGRATULATING SIX MUSSEL-
MAN HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS FOR WINNING H&R BLOCK BUDG-ET CHALLENGE SCHOLARSHIPS 
HON. ALEXANDER X. MOONEY 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speak-
er, I would like to express my warmest con-gratulations to six exceptional students from Musselman High School for winning scholar-ships from the H&R Block Budget Challenge; Shelbi Fisher, Mitch Anton, Kirsten Campbell, Vanessa Beddow, Taylor Stocks, Sarah Muskett, and their teacher Mr. Chad Spencer. In this challenge, these students managed a budget based on their current and future cash needs, as well as learn a number of important financial concepts. The reward for winning this challenge is a $20,000 scholarship, which will help send these bright students to college. 
As a Member of the United States House of 
Representatives, I am particularly pleased when I see young people take initiative to learn about fiscal responsibility. The excel-lence these Musselman High School students have demonstrated by winning the H&R Block Budget Challenge Scholarships is an example of the promise that young West Virginians and Americans show. 
I join with their families, friends, and loved 
ones in congratulating the winning students from Musselman High School on this impres-sive accomplishment. I urge them to continue their hard work, and wish them all the best in their future endeavors. HONORING DR. CHARLES BANTZ 
FOR HIS LEADERSHIP AND DEDI-CATION 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to honor the extraordinary accom-plishments of Dr. Charles Bantz. After serving over a decade as Chancellor at Indiana Uni-versity-Purdue University Indianapolis, Dr. 
Bantz will be stepping down as chancellor. IUPUI, one of the country’s leading urban uni-versities, flourished under Chancellor Bantz’s leadership, and Hoosiers are eternally grateful for his contributions. 
IUPUI’s location in the heart of Indiana’s 
capital city has long brought with it a special responsibility of service to the residents of In-dianapolis and Indiana. Chancellor Bantz un-derstood this and the campus has significantly strengthened its ties to the city and state dur-ing his tenure. He helped transform and im-prove the university, which had positive im-pacts on students, faculty, and the sur-rounding communities. 
Chancellor Bantz is a persistent advocate 
for student success with a clear dedication to education. He successfully facilitated an in-crease in the number of students who earn their degrees; provided a wider range of edu-cational options available to students; added eleven bachelor degree programs, ten doc-toral, and ten masters programs as well as schools for public health and philanthropy. Re-search dollars for IUPUI increased by over $100 million dollars under his leadership and his commitment to research and community service did not stop there, as evidenced by the endowment of the Bantz-Petronio Trans-lating Research into Practice Award. He also serves as a Board Member and Executive Committee Member for United Way of Central Indiana, was a member of the NCAA Division I Board of Directors and NCAA Executive Committee, and is the Director of Urban Serv-ing Universities, among many other boards. 
Chancellor Bantz has served his students, 
faculty, and the City of Indianapolis exceed-ingly well. Although Charles is stepping down from his position as Chancellor, his commit-ment to IUPUI will live on as a faculty mem-ber. He built a legacy of community service and left a lasting impact on the IUPUI commu-nity, and for that we extend a huge thank you. On behalf of all Hoosiers, I’d like to congratu-late Charles on his success and wish him and his wife, Professor Sandra Petronio, the best as they begin their next adventure in our com-munity they have worked so hard to make a wonderful place. 
f 
IN SPECIAL RECOGNITION OF 
ALEXANDER MOSSING ON HIS OFFER OF APPOINTMENT TO AT-TEND THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE ACADEMY 
HON. ROBERT E. LATTA 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my great 
pleasure to pay special tribute to an out-standing student from Ohio’s Fifth Congres-
sional District. I am pleased to announce that Alexander Mossing of Holland, Ohio has been offered an appointment to the United States Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs, Colo-rado. 
Alexander’s offer of appointment poises him 
to attend the United States Air Force Academy this fall with the incoming Class of 2019. At-tending one of our nation’s military academies not only offers the opportunity to serve our country but also guarantees a world-class education, while placing demands on those who undertake one of the most challenging and rewarding experiences of their lives. 
Alexander brings an enormous amount of 
leadership, service, and dedication to the in-coming Class of 2019. While attending Central Catholic High School in Toledo, Ohio, Alex-
ander maintained a 3.99 grade point average and earned scholastic honors of summa cum laude each year. 
Throughout high school, Alexander was a 
member of his school’s wrestling, golf, and tennis teams, excelling in wrestling as he earned a varsity letter each of his four years and was state champion his junior and senior year. I am confident that Alexander will carry the lessons of his student and athletic leader-ship to the Air Force Academy. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in congratulating Alexander Mossing on the offer of his appointment to the United States Air Force Academy. Our service academies offer the finest military training and education available. I am positive that Alexander will excel during his career at the Air Force Acad-emy, and I ask my colleagues to join me in extending their best wishes to him as he be-gins his service to the Nation. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO IOWA STATE 
TROOPER TRACY BOHLEN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the heroic efforts of Iowa State Trooper Tracy Bohlen, who provided life-saving medical treatment to a man in need. 
Trooper Bohlen went to investigate what ap-
peared to be a fight inside of a truck. Upon opening the door he saw a panicked young man trying to help his father who was having a medical emergency. Trooper Bohlen leapt into action and laid the man down in the mid-dle of the interstate to do chest compressions for 50 seconds. Due to his quick action, he was able to get the man breathing again with-in a minute. 
Several Iowans also stopped to make sure 
the man in need and his son made it to the hospital to receive care. I thank Iowa State Trooper Tracy Bohlen for his decisive action and his commitment to service. It is an honor to represent Trooper Bohlen in the United States Congress and wish him continued suc-cess well into the future. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:10 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN8.025 E01JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E807 June 1, 2015 
INTRODUCTION OF THE SAVE OUR 
NATIONAL PARKS TRANSPOR-TATION ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to intro-
duce the ‘‘Save Our National Parks Transpor-tation Act.’’ The bill authorizes $460 million for the National Park Service (NPS) from the Fed-eral Lands Transportation Program for each of fiscal years 2016 to 2021, and establishes the Nationally Significant Federal Lands and Tribal Transportation Projects program authorized at $150 million each of fiscal years 2016 to 2021. 
Unlike other infrastructure, NPS roads and 
bridges rely exclusively on federal funds. These roads and bridges are located in dis-tricts across the country, and the needs are spread across most of the 50 States. These roads and bridges are not funded out of state apportionments, and Members may not realize that there are few alternative sources of funds for maintenance and improvements of these assets. 
Infrastructure in our national parks continues 
to crumble at an alarming rate, threatening not only our largest and most famous parks, but also the significant revenue that states and lo-calities earn from the presence of national parks and from federal roads and bridges that are essential for daily commerce. 
Significant investments are needed for 
roads, bridges, and related transportation in-frastructure on NPS land. Under the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (Map–21), the Federal Lands Transportation Program is funded at $300 million per fiscal year, with NPS receiving $240 million. Yet, NPS has an $11.5 billion maintenance backlog and needs $460 million per year just to main-tain the existing condition of its core transpor-tation infrastructure. 
NPS also has several ‘‘mega-projects’’ that 
are in critical need, but the current annual transportation allocation for NPS does not allow for any progress on these projects. Last week, NPS announced weight restrictions and lane closures on the iconic Arlington Memorial Bridge, spanning the Potomac River between Virginia and the District of Columbia. Memorial Bridge carries more than 68,000 vehicles per day, and it’s a critical transportation artery to Arlington National Cemetery, Mount Vernon and for the National Capital Region. With a cost of $250 million to replace the bridge, the necessary improvements to this one bridge exceed the entire annual Federal Lands Transportation Program allocation for NPS. There are other large projects across the country that require equally significant invest-ments, including the Tamiami Trail in Florida; the Foothills Parkway project in Great Smoky Mountains National Park in Tennessee; the Yellowstone National Park Road Reconstruc-tion in Wyoming; and the Water Gap National Recreation Area Road Reconstruction project in Delaware, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania. 
To address the need to fund these large 
projects, the bill establishes a Nationally Sig-nificant Federal Lands and Tribal Transpor-tation Projects program. The authorized fund-ing for the program will be $150 million per year for five years and would cover projects with a minimum cost of $25 million. Under the program, the Federal Land Management 
Agencies and Indian Tribes are eligible to compete for funding to construct, reconstruct, and rehabilitate nationally significant federal lands and tribal transportation projects. This provision is also included in H.R. 2410, the ‘‘Generating Renewal, Opportunity, and Work with Accelerated Mobility, Efficiency, and Re-building of Infrastructure and Communities throughout America Act’’ (GROW AMERICA Act), which I have introduced along with my Democratic colleagues on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. 
The federal government has a responsibility 
to maintain the highway and transit assets it owns. Neglect has now reached crisis propor-tions. This bill is an important step in empow-ering NPS to fulfill its responsibility. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-
porting this bill. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BOB SCHIEFFER 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of the re-markable career of Mr. Bob Schieffer who re-tired yesterday from CBS. For more than half a century, Bob Schieffer served the nation by covering the most pertinent issues with candor and journalistic dexterity. For the past 24 years, he served as the anchor of what is re-ported as the most watched news show in America, ‘Face the Nation.’ 
Prior to his work with CBS, Mr. Schieffer 
served in the U.S. Air Force for three years. As a native Texan, he began his career in journalism as a reporter at the Fort Worth Star-Telegram, where he became the first re-porter from a Texas newspaper to report from Vietnam. He is also one of only a handful of journalists in Washington to have covered the Pentagon, the White House, Congress and the State Department. 
Mr. Schieffer has obtained nearly every jour-
nalism award imaginable, including: eight Emmys; the Overseas Press Club Award; the Paul White Award presented by the TV News Directors Association; and the Edward R. Mur-row Award from Washington State University. Mr. Schieffer and I both attended Texas Chris-tian University. In 2005, our alma mater named its journalism school in Bob Schieffer’s honor; and in 2013, they followed by estab-lishing the Bob Schieffer College of Commu-nication. The list of accolades goes on. 
Mr. Speaker, to refer to Mr. Schieffer as a 
living legend somehow falls short. Mr. Schieffer is an unparalleled journalist and a 
pillar of American television. His method of journalism will serve as a model for aspiring journalists for years to come. I am happy to congratulate him on his retirement, and I wish him many enjoyable years ahead. I urge my colleagues to join me in recognizing the career and accomplishments of one of America’s fin-est journalists, Mr. Bob Schieffer. PREECLAMPSIA AWARENESS 
MONTH 
HON. LOIS CAPPS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
recognition of May as Preeclampsia Aware-ness Month. 
Despite great strides in maternity care over 
the years, there is an immediate need for fur-ther research into preeclampsia as well as re-lated hypertensive disorders of pregnancy— eclampsia and HELLP syndrome. 
While at least 5–8% of pregnant women suf-
fer from these conditions each year, 60% of preventable pregnancy-related deaths are the result of preeclampsia alone. 
These diseases occur only during preg-
nancy and the immediate post-partum period, affecting the health, and sometimes the lives, of the mother and baby. 
And those women who develop 
preeclampsia during pregnancy can feel the effects years later; these women are four times more likely to develop hypertension later in life, and are twice as likely to develop heart disease, stroke, and blood clots. 
The only known cure for preeclampsia is de-
livery, which is often conducted prior to a pregnancy being full term in the context of an emergency situation. 
This is not ideal for the woman or her baby. 
As a nurse and longtime public health advo-
cate, I know that robust funding for maternal and child health research and education is one of the most important investments we can make. 
I strongly encourage Congress to prioritize 
continued research on preeclampsia and re-lated diseases. 
Let’s protect women and children from this 
progressive and often misdiagnosed disorder. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO DOLL DISTRIB-
UTING BEVERAGE COMPANY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate a great Iowa company, Doll Distributing Beverage Company of Council Bluffs, Iowa. Doll Distrib-uting is celebrating its 50th anniversary in business. Their motto is: ‘‘Building Brands. Building Relationships.’’ Doll Distributing is a distributor of Anheuser-Busch and other prod-ucts. 
Merlin Doll’s sales and wholesaling career 
spanned over 60 years starting with the Storz Brewery in Omaha as a territory sales man-ager. Mr. Doll wanted to purchase a distribu-torship and when none were available he was approached by Anheuser-Busch and was given an opportunity to purchase one. In 1965 Mr. Doll, with his wife Edith, sold their distribu-torship in order to purchase a distributing op-eration in Council Bluffs, Iowa, the Doll Distrib-uting of today. 
The second generation, which includes: Jeff 
Doll, Mark Doll, Tami Doll, Scott Doll and Jay Doll, purchased the company from their par-ents. Since 1988 they have expanded the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:10 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01JN8.030 E01JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E808 June 1, 2015 
business from distributing in 3 counties to 11 
counties, and after several additional pur-chases of distributing operations, the Doll Family distributes their products to over 40 counties, amounting to 3,569 accounts in Iowa. Andrew Doll and Lauren Doll are con-tinuing the Doll family tradition as the third generation currently involved in the business. 
The Doll Distributing Beverage Company 
has made a positive impact on the Council Bluffs community and the State of Iowa. For the past 50 years the Doll Family has accom-plished a number of milestones and are a true testament to the meaning of hard work and dedication to success. I commend Doll Distrib-uting and their employees for a job well done. I know that my colleagues in the House join me in honoring this company and family for their commitment to business and their com-munity. I wish them and their employees con-tinued success moving forward. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and 
any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, 
June 02, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s record. 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JUNE 3 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
To hold hearings to examine challenges 
and implications of EPA’s proposed na-tional ambient air quality standard for ground-level ozone, including S. 638, to amend the Clean Air Act with respect to exceptional event demonstrations, S. 751, to improve the establishment of any lower ground-level ozone stand-ards, and S. 640, to amend the Clean Air Act to delay the review and revision of the national ambient air quality stand-ards for ozone. 
SD–406 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine implica-
tions of the Iran nuclear agreement for United States policy in the Middle East. 
SD–419 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Finance 
Business meeting to consider an original 
bill entitled, ‘‘Audit & Appeal Fairness, Integrity, and Reforms in Medicare Act of 2015’’. 
SD–215 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold hearings to examine reauthor-
izing the Higher Education Act, focus-ing on ensuring college affordability. 
SD–430 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine top govern-
ment investigator positions left un-filled for years. 
SD–342 
Committee on Small Business and Entre-
preneurship 
Business meeting to consider S. 1292, to 
amend the Small Business Act to treat certain qualified disaster areas as HUBZones and to extend the period for HUBZone treatment for certain base closure areas, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Recovery Improvements for Small En-tities (RISE) After Disaster Act of 2015’’, an original resolution expressing the sense of the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate that the rule relating to the definition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Clean Water Act will have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities, the nomination of Doug-las J. Kramer, of Kansas, to be Deputy Administrator of the Small Business Administration, and other pending cal-endar business. 
SR–428A 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine S. 207, to re-
quire the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to use existing authorities to furnish health care at non-Department of Vet-erans Affairs facilities to veterans who live more than 40 miles driving dis-tance from the closest medical facility of the Department that furnishes the care sought by the veteran, S. 297, to revive and expand the Intermediate Care Technician Pilot Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 425, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a five-year extension to the homeless veterans reintegration programs and to provide clarification regarding eligibility for services under such programs, S. 471, to improve the provision of health care for women vet-erans by the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 684, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of services for homeless veterans, and other pending calendar business. 
SR–418 
Joint Economic Committee 
To hold hearings to examine the employ-
ment effects of the Affordable Care Act. 
SD–562 
JUNE 4 
Time to be announced 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Business meeting to consider the nomi-
nation of Peter V. Neffenger, of Ohio, to be an Assistant Secretary of Home-land Security. 
TBA 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on the Judiciary 
Business meeting to consider S. 1137, to 
amend title 35, United States Code, and the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act to make improvements and technical corrections, and the nominations of Dale A. Drozd, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Eastern District of California, Lawrence Joseph Vilardo, 
to be United States District Judge for the Western District of New York, LaShann Moutique DeArcy Hall, and Ann Donnelly, both to be a United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York, John W. Huber, of Utah, to be United States Attorney for the District of Utah for the term of four years, Eileen Maura Decker, of California, to be United States Attor-ney for the Central District of Cali-fornia for the term of four years, and Eric Steven Miller, of Vermont, to be United States Attorney for the District of Vermont for the term of four years. 
SD–226 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Export-Import Bank of the United States. 
SD–538 
Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health 
Policy 
To hold hearings to examine security as-
sistance in Africa. 
SD–419 
1:15 p.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and 
Federal Management 
To hold hearings to examine practical so-
lutions to improve the federal regu-latory process. 
SD–342 
2 p.m. 
Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Oversight, Agency Ac-
tion, Federal Rights and Federal Courts 
To hold hearings to examine the process 
that led to the Affordable Care Act subsidy rule. 
SD–226 
2:30 p.m. 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To receive a closed briefing on certain 
intelligence matters. 
SH–219 
JUNE 9 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine S. 15, to 
amend the Mineral Leasing Act to rec-ognize the authority of States to regu-late oil and gas operations and promote American energy security, develop-ment, and job creation, S. 454, to amend the Department of Energy High- End Computing Revitalization Act of 2004 to improve the high-end com-puting research and development pro-gram of the Department of Energy, S. 784, to direct the Secretary of Energy to establish microlabs to improve re-gional engagement with national lab-oratories, S. 1033, to amend the Depart-ment of Energy Organization Act to re-place the current requirement for a bi-ennial energy policy plan with a Quad-rennial Energy Review, S. 1054, to im-prove the productivity and energy effi-ciency of the manufacturing sector by directing the Secretary of Energy, in coordination with the National Acad-emies and other appropriate Federal agencies, to develop a national smart manufacturing plan and to provide as-sistance to small-and medium-sized manufacturers in implementing smart manufacturing programs, S. 1068, to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:10 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01JN8.033 E01JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E809 June 1, 2015 
amend the Federal Power Act to pro-
tect the bulk-power system from cyber security threats, S. 1181, to expand the Advanced Technology Vehicle Manu-facturing Program to include commer-cial trucks and United States flagged vessels, to return unspent funds and loan proceeds to the United States Treasury to reduce the national debt, S. 1187, to improve management of the National Laboratories, enhance tech-nology commercialization, facilitate public-private partnerships, S. 1216, to amend the Natural Gas Act to modify a provision relating to civil penalties, S. 1218, to establish an interagency co-ordination committee or subcommittee with the leadership of the Department of Energy and the Department of the Interior, focused on the nexus between energy and water production, use, and efficiency, S. 1221, to amend the Fed-eral Power Act to require periodic re-ports on electricity reliability and reli-ability impact statements for rules af-fecting the reliable operation of the bulk-power system, S. 1223, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to im-prove the loan guarantee program for innovative technologies, S. 1229, to re-quire the Secretary of Energy to sub-mit a plan to implement recommenda-tions to improve interactions between the Department of Energy and Na-tional Laboratories, S. 1230, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to estab-lish a program under which the Direc-tor of the Bureau of Land Management shall enter into memoranda of under-standing with States providing for State oversight of oil and gas produc-tions activities, S. 1241, to provide for the modernization, security, and resil-iency of the electric grid, to require the Secretary of Energy to carry out programs for research, development, demonstration, and information-shar-ing for cybersecurity for the energy sector, S. 1256, to require the Secretary of Energy to establish an energy stor-age research program, loan program, and technical assistance and grant pro-gram, S. 1258, to require the Secretary of Energy to establish a distributed en-ergy loan program and technical assist-ance and grant program, S. 1259, to es-tablish a grant program to allow Na-tional Laboratories to provide vouch-ers to small business concerns to im-prove commercialization of tech-nologies developed at National Labora-
tories and the technology-driven eco-nomic impact of commercialization in the regions in which National Labora-tories are located, S. 1263, to provide for the establishment of a Clean En-ergy Technology Manufacturing and Export Assistance Fund to assist United States businesses with export-ing clean energy technology products and services, S. 1274, to amend the Na-tional Energy Conservation Policy Act to reauthorize Federal agencies to enter into long-term contracts for the acquisition of energy, S. 1275, to estab-lish a Financing Energy Efficient Man-ufacturing Program in the Department of Energy to provide financial assist-ance to promote energy efficiency and onsite renewable technologies in manu-facturing and industrial facilities, S. 1277, to improve energy savings by the Department of Defense, S. 1293, to es-tablish the Department of Energy as the lead agency for coordinating all re-quirements under Federal law with re-spect to eligible clean coal and ad-vanced coal technology generating projects, S. 1306, to amend the Energy 
Policy Act of 2005 to use existing fund-ing available to further projects that would improve energy efficiency and reduce emissions, S. 1310, to prohibit the Secretary of the Interior from issuing new oil or natural gas produc-tion leases in the Gulf of Mexico under the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to a person that does not renegotiate its existing leases in order to require royalty payments if oil and natural gas prices are greater than or equal to 
specified price thresholds, S. 1311, to amend the Federal Oil and Gas Royalty Management Act of 1982 and the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to modify certain penalties to deter oil spills, S. 1312, to modernize Federal policies re-garding the supply and distribution of energy in the United States, S. 1338, to amend the Federal Power Act to pro-vide licensing procedures for certain types of projects, S. 1340, to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to improve coal leasing, S. 1346, to require the Sec-retary of Energy to establish an e-prize competition pilot program to provide up to 4 financial awards to eligible en-tities that develop and verifiably dem-onstrate technology that reduces the cost of electricity or space heat in a high-cost region, S. 1363, to require the Secretary of Energy to submit to Con-gress a report assessing the capability of the Department of Energy to author-ize, host, and oversee privately funded fusion and fission reactor prototypes and related demonstration facilities at sites owned by the Department of En-ergy, S. 1398, to extend, improve, and consolidate energy research and devel-opment programs, S. 1405, to require a coordinated response to coal fuel sup-ply emergencies that could impact electric power system adequacy or reli-ability, S. 1407, to promote the develop-ment of renewable energy on public land, S. 1408, to provide for a program of research, development, demonstra-tion, and commercial application in ve-hicle technologies at the Department of Energy, S. 1420, to amend the De-partment of Energy Organization Act to provide for the collection of infor-mation on critical energy supplies, to establish a Working Group on Energy Markets, S. 1422, to require the Sec-retary of Energy to establish a com-prehensive program to improve edu-cation and training for energy-and manufacturing-related jobs to increase the number of skilled workers trained to work in energy and manufacturing- related fields, S. 1428, to amend the USEC Privatization Act to require the Secretary of Energy to issue a long- term Federal excess uranium inventory management plan, S. 1432, to require the Secretary of Energy to conduct a study on the technology, potential lifecycle energy savings, and economic impact of recycled carbon fiber, S. 1434, to amend the Public Utility Regu-latory Policies Act of 1978 to establish an energy storage portfolio standard, S. 1449, to amend the Energy Independ-ence and Security Act of 2007 to add certain medium-duty and heavy-duty vehicles to the advanced technology vehicles manufacturing incentive pro-gram, and H.R. 35, to increase the un-derstanding of the health effects of low doses of ionizing radiation. 
SD–366 10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Transportation Security Adminis-tration, focusing on first-hand and gov-ernment watchdog accounts of agency challenges. 
SD–342 
JUNE 10 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
Business meeting to consider S. 248, to 
clarify the rights of Indians and Indian tribes on Indian lands under the Na-tional Labor Relations Act; to be im-mediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine addressing the need for victim services in Indian County. 
SD–628 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
Subcommittee on National Parks 
To hold hearings to examine S. 145, to re-
quire the Director of the National Park Service to refund to States all State funds that were used to reopen and temporarily operate a unit of the Na-tional Park System during the October 2013 shutdown, S. 146, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior or the Sec-retary of Agriculture to enter into agreements with States and political subdivisions of States providing for the continued operation, in whole or in part, of public land, units of the Na-tional Park System, units of the Na-tional Wildlife Refuge System, and units of the National Forest System in the State during any period in which the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture is unable to maintain normal level of operations at the units due to a lapse in appropria-tions, S. 319, to designate a mountain in the State of Alaska as Mount Denali, S. 329, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate certain segments of the Farmington River and Salmon Brook in the State of Con-necticut as components of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, S. 403, to revise the authorized route of the North Country National Scenic Trail in northeastern Minnesota and to extend the trail into Vermont to connect with the Appalachian National Scenic Trail, S. 521, to authorize the Secretary of the 
Interior to conduct a special resource study of President Station in Balti-more, Maryland, S. 610, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to con-duct a special resource study of P.S. 103 in West Baltimore, Maryland and for other purposes, S. 782, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to establish a bison management plan for Grand Can-yon National Park, and S. 873, to des-ignate the wilderness within the Lake Clark National Park and Preserve in the State of Alaska as the Jay S. Ham-mond Wilderness Area. 
SD–366 
JUNE 11 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine accounts of 
current and former federal agency whistleblowers. 
SD–342 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:10 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M01JN8.000 E01JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E810 June 1, 2015 
JUNE 16 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tions of Jonathan Elkind, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (International Affairs), and Monica C. Regalbuto, of Illinois, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of Energy (Environ-
mental Management). 
SD–366 
JULY 9 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the back- 
end of the nuclear fuel cycle and re-lated legislation, including S. 854, to 
establish a new organization to manage nuclear waste, provide a consensual process for siting nuclear waste facili-ties, ensure adequate funding for man-aging nuclear waste. 
SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:10 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M01JN8.000 E01JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D616 Monday, June 1, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
See Re ´sume´of Congressional Activity. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3373–S3418 
Measures Introduced: Two bills and one resolution 
were introduced, as follows: S. 1471–1472, and S. Res. 189.
                                                                        Page S3406 
Measures Passed: 
Native American Children’s Safety Act: Senate 
passed S. 184, to amend the Indian Child Protection and Family Violence Prevention Act to require back-ground checks before foster care placements are or-dered in tribal court proceedings.
             Pages S3381–85 
Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Com-
mission on Native Children Act: Senate passed S. 
246, to establish the Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Children, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute.
                                                    Pages S3381–85 
Measures Considered: 
USA FREEDOM Act—Agreement : Senate contin-
ued consideration of H.R. 2048, to reform the au-thorities of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct elec-tronic surveillance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign intelligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, taking action on the fol-lowing amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                Pages S3374–81, S3385–89 
Pending: 
McConnell/Burr Amendment No. 1449, in the 
nature of a substitute.                                              Page S3374 McConnell Amendment No. 1450 (to Amend-
ment No. 1449), of a perfecting nature.        Page S3374 
McConnell Amendment No. 1451 (to Amend-
ment No. 1450), relating to appointment of amicus curiae.
                                                                              Page S3374 
McConnell/Burr Amendment No. 1452 (to the 
language proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 1449), of a perfecting nature.
                    Page S3374 
McConnell Amendment No. 1453 (to Amend-
ment No. 1452), to change the enactment date. 
                                                                                            Page S3374 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 9:30 a.m., on Tuesday, June 2, 2015; and that the filing deadline for all second-degree amendments to the bill be at 10 a.m.
    Pages S3417–18 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S3402–06 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S3406–07 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S3407–08 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S3400–02 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S3408–17 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 12 noon and ad-
journed at 5:51 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Tuesday, June 2, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S3418.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01JN5.REC D01JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D617 June 1, 2015 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 18 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 2584–2601; and 2 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 54; and H. Res. 286, were introduced. 
                                                                                            Page H3641 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H3642–43 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: 
H. Res. 287, providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 2577) making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2578) making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–135).
                                                                      Page H3641 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Womack to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H3583 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:17 p.m. and re-
convened at 2 p.m.                                                    Page H3585 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the 
Guest Chaplain, Reverend Thomas More Garrett, OP, St. Pius V Catholic Church, Providence, Rhode Island.
                                                                              Page H3585 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:06 p.m. and recon-
vened at 3 p.m.                                                           Page H3586 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
Authorizing early repayment of obligations to 
the Bureau of Reclamation within the Northport Irrigation District in the State of Nebraska: H.R. 
404, to authorize early repayment of obligations to the Bureau of Reclamation within the Northport Ir-rigation District in the State of Nebraska; 
                                                                                    Pages H3586–87 
Native American Children’s Safety Act: H.R. 
1168, to amend the Indian Child Protection and Family Violence Prevention Act to require back-ground checks before foster care placements are or-dered in tribal court proceedings;
             Pages H3587–88 
Revoking the charter of incorporation of the 
Miami Tribe of Oklahoma at the request of that tribe: H.R. 533, to revoke the charter of incorpora-
tion of the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma at the request of that tribe;
                                                         Pages H3588–89 Designating a mountain in the John Muir Wil-
derness of the Sierra National Forest as ‘‘Sky Point’’: H.R. 979, to designate a mountain in the 
John Muir Wilderness of the Sierra National Forest as ‘‘Sky Point’’;
                                                   Pages H3589–91 
Directing the Administrator of General Services, 
on behalf of the Archivist of the United States, to 
convey certain Federal property located in the State of Alaska to the Municipality of Anchorage, Alas-ka: H.R. 336, to direct the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services, on behalf of the Archivist of the United States, to convey certain Federal property lo-cated in the State of Alaska to the Municipality of Anchorage, Alaska;
                                           Pages H3617–18 
Reauthorizing the National Estuary Program: 
H.R. 944, to reauthorize the National Estuary Pro-gram;
                                                                       Pages H3618–19 
Girls Count Act of 2015: S. 802, to authorize the 
Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development to provide assistance to support the rights of women and girls in developing countries; and
   Pages H3624–27 
Protect and Preserve International Cultural 
Property Act: H.R. 1493, amended, to protect and 
preserve international cultural property at risk due to political instability, armed conflict, or natural or other disasters.
                                                    Pages H3627–32 
Recess: The House recessed at 6:01 p.m. and recon-
vened at 6:30 p.m.                                                    Page H3619 
Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increas-ing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act: The 
House passed H.R. 1335, to amend the Magnuson- Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to provide flexibility for fishery managers and sta-bility for fishermen, by a recorded vote of 225 ayes to 152 noes, Roll No. 267. 
                                      Pages H3591–92, H3592–H3617, H3619–24 
Rejected the Peters motion to recommit the bill 
to the Committee on Natural Resources with in-structions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and-nay vote of 155 yeas to 223 nays, Roll No. 266. 
                                                                                    Pages H3621–23 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–16 shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Natural Resources now printed in the bill. 
                                                                                            Page H3599 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01JN5.REC D01JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D618 June 1, 2015 
Agreed to: 
Keating amendment (No. 3 printed in H. Rept. 
114–128) that amends Section 10(3) Use of Asset Forfeiture Fund for Fishery Independent DataCollection to include fishery research and inde-pendent stock assessments, conservation gear engi-neering, at-sea and shoreside monitoring, fishery im-pact statements, and other priorities established by the Council as necessary to rebuild or maintain sus-tainable fisheries, ensure healthy ecosystems, and maintain fishing communities;
                   Pages H3604–05 
Young (AK) amendment (No. 5 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–128) that provides for additional informa-tion for stock assessments, the use of students to col-lect marine recreational fishing data and clarifies in-formation for Council reviews; and
          Pages H3607–08 
Wittman amendment (No. 7 printed in H. Rept. 
114–128) that gives NOAA the authority to use al-ternative fishery management measures. 
                                                                                    Pages H3612–13 
Rejected: 
Huffman amendment in the nature of a substitute 
(No. 8 printed in H. Rept. 114–128) that sought to reauthorize the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conserva-
tion and Management Act and improve fisheries management and data collection;
              Pages H3613–17 
Dingell amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 
114–128) that sought to eliminate the requirement to fast-track analyses under the National Environ-mental Policy Act (by a recorded vote of 155 ayes to 223 noes, Roll No. 264); and 
                                                                      Pages H3603–04, H3620 
Lowenthal amendment (No. 4 printed in H. Rept. 
114–128) that sought to allow the National Ocean Council, operating under Executive Order 13547, to develop a process for decommissioning oil and gas rigs that eliminate harm to the red snapper stock and improve habitat (by a recorded vote of 149 ayes to 227 noes, Roll No. 265).
           Pages H3605–07, H3621 
Withdrawn: 
Graves (LA) amendment (No. 6 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–128) that was offered and subsequently withdrawn that would have conferred management of snapper fisheries to Gulf of Mexico states similar to the management of Atlantic Striped Bass to At-lantic states; sought to improve the science of snap-per fisheries monitoring.
                                Pages H3608–12 
Agreed that the Clerk be authorized to make 
technical and conforming changes to reflect the ac-tions of the House.
                                                   Page H3624 
H. Res. 274, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bill (H.R. 1335) was agreed to on May 21st. 
Authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the 
Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to com-memorate the 50th anniversary of the Vietnam War: The House agreed to discharge from com-mittee and agree to H. Con. Res. 48, authorizing 
the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to commemorate the 50th an-niversary of the Vietnam War.
                           Page H3624 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
today appears on page H3592. 
Senate Referrals: S. 184 was held at the desk. S. 
246 was referred to the Committee on Natural Re-sources.
                                                                            Page H3640 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote and 
three recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H3620, H3621, H3623, and H3623–24. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-
journed at 9:35 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016; COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 2577, the ‘‘Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’; and H.R. 2578, the ‘‘Commerce, Jus-tice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’. The committee granted, by record vote of 9–3, modified-open rules for H.R. 2577 and H.R. 2578. The rule provides one hour of general debate on each bill equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Appropriations. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of each bill. The rule waives points of order against provisions in each bill for failure to comply with clause 2 of rule XXI. The rule provides that after general debate each bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule except that: 1) amendments shall be debatable for 10 minutes equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent and shall not be subject to amendment; and 2) no pro forma amendments shall be in order except that the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropria-tions or their respective designees may offer up to 10 pro forma amendments each at any point for the purpose of debate. The rule authorizes the Chair to accord priority in recognition to Members who have pre-printed their amendments in the Congressional Record. The rule provides one motion to recommit each bill with or without instructions. Testimony 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01JN5.REC D01JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D619 June 1, 2015 
was heard from Representatives Culberson, Fattah, 
Diaz-Balart, and Price of North Carolina. 
CIRCUMVENTION OF CONTRACTS IN THE 
PROVISION OF NON-VA HEALTHCARE 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Over-
sight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Cir-cumvention of Contracts in the Provision of Non-VA Healthcare’’. Testimony was heard from Edward J. Murray, Acting Assistant Secretary for Management and Interim Chief Financial Officer, Office of Man-agement, Department of Veterans Affairs; Jan Frye, Deputy Assistant Secretary and Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisition and Logistics, De-partment of Veterans Affairs; Randall Williamson, Director, Healthcare, Government Accountability Office; and a public witness. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, 
JUNE 2, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to 
hold hearings to examine perspectives on the Export-Im-port Bank of the United States, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-
committee on Communications, Technology, Innovation, and the Internet, to hold hearings to examine Lifeline, fo-cusing on improving accountability and effectiveness, 9:30 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-
ings to examine the status of drought conditions through-out the western United States and actions states and oth-ers are taking to address them, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine Inter-
nal Revenue Service data theft affecting taxpayer informa-tion, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold closed hearings 
to examine understanding Iran’s nuclear program, 5 p.m., SVC–217. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
to hold hearings to examine the IRS data breach, focusing on steps to protect Americans’ personal information, 2 p.m., SD–342. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-
ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture , Subcommittee on General 
Farm Commodities and Risk Management, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Update on the Financial Health of Farm Country’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations , Full Committee, markup on 
the Defense Appropriations Bill for FY 2016, 10:15 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce , Subcommittee on En-
ergy and Power, hearing entitled ‘‘Quadrennial Energy Review and Related Discussion Drafts’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Medicaid Program Integrity: Screening Out Er-rors, Fraud, and Abuse’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing and 
Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘An Update on the Takata Airbag Ruptures and Recalls’’, 2 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Full Committee, markup on H.R. 2576, the ‘‘TSCA 
Modernization Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2583, the ‘‘Fed-eral Communications Commission Process Reform Act of 2015’’, 5 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services , Subcommittee on Hous-
ing and Insurance, hearing entitled ‘‘The National Flood Insurance Program: Oversight of Superstorm Sandy Claims’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs , Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Americans Detained in Iran’’; markup on H. Res. 233, expressing the sense of the House of Represent-atives that Iran should immediately release the three United States citizens it holds, as well as provide all known information on any United States citizens that have disappeared within its borders, 10 a.m., 2172 Ray-burn. 
Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and 
Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘State Department’s Counterter-rorism Bureau’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security , Subcommittee on Bor-
der and Maritime Security, hearing entitled ‘‘The Outer Ring of Border Security: DHS’s International Security Programs’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on the Judiciary , Subcommittee on Regulatory 
Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, hearing on H.R. 2315, the ‘‘Mobile Workforce State Income Tax Sim-plification Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1643 the ‘‘Digital Goods and Services Tax Fairness Act of 2015’’; and the ‘‘Busi-ness Activity Tax Simplification Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice, 
business meeting to adopt rules of procedure for Private Claims Bills; hearing entitled ‘‘First Amendment Protec-tions on Public College and University Campuses’’, 2 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Ensuring Transparency through the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Rules , Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 
2289, the ‘‘Commodity End-User Relief Act’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure , Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Amtrak Acci-dent in Philadelphia’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs , Subcommittee on Eco-
nomic Opportunity, hearing on H.R. 356, the ‘‘Wounded Warrior Employment Improvement Act’’; H.R. 832, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01JN5.REC D01JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D620 June 1, 2015 
‘‘Veterans Employment and Training Service Longitudinal 
Study Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1994, the ‘‘VA Accountability Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2133, the ‘‘Servicemembers’ Choice in Transition Act’’; H.R. 2275, the ‘‘Jobs for Veterans Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2344, to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the voca-tional rehabilitation programs of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs; H.R. 2360, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the approval of certain programs of education for purposes of educational assistance pro-vided by the Department of Veterans Affairs; H.R. 2361, to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend the au-thority to provide work-study allowance for certain activi-ties by individuals receiving educational assistance by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; and a draft bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain modifica-tions and improvements in the transfer of unused edu-cational assistance benefits under the Post 9/11 Edu-cational Assistance Program of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes, 2 p.m., 334 Can-non. 
Committee on Ways And Means , Full Committee, markup 
on H.R. 160, the ‘‘Protect Medical Innovation Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1190, the ‘‘Protecting Seniors’ Access to Medicare Act of 2015’’; S. 984, the ‘‘Steve Gleason Act of 2015’’; S. 971, the ‘‘Medicare Independence at Home Medical Practice Demonstration Improvement Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2580, the ‘‘LTCH Technical Correction Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2505, the ‘‘Medicare Advantage Coverage Transparency Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2506, the ‘‘Seniors’ Health Care Plan Protection Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2507, the ‘‘Increasing Regulatory Fairness Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2579, the ‘‘Securing Care for Seniors Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2581, the ‘‘Preservation of Access for Seniors in Medicare Advantage Act of 2015’’, 10:15 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of June 2 through June 5, 2015 
Senate Chamber 
On Tuesday , Senate will continue consideration of 
H.R. 2048, USA FREEDOM Act, with a vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the bill at 10:30 a.m. The filing deadline for second-degree amend-ments to the bill is at 10 a.m. 
Upon disposition of H.R. 2048, USA FREEDOM 
Act, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke clo-ture on the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 1735, National Defense Authorization Act. 
During the balance of the week, Senate may con-
sider any cleared legislative and executive business. 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: June 
2, to hold hearings to examine perspectives on the Ex-port-Import Bank of the United States, 10 a.m., SD–538. June 4, Full Committee, to hold an oversight hearing 
to examine the Export-Import Bank of the United States, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: June 
2, Subcommittee on Communications, Technology, Inno-vation, and the Internet, to hold hearings to examine Lifeline, focusing on improving accountability and effec-tiveness, 9:30 a.m., SR–253. 
June 4, Full Committee, business meeting to consider 
the nomination of Peter V. Neffenger, of Ohio, to be an Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security, Time to be an-nounced, Room to be announced. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: June 2, to 
hold hearings to examine the status of drought conditions throughout the western United States and actions states and others are taking to address them, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: June 3, to 
hold hearings to examine challenges and implications of EPA’s proposed national ambient air quality standard for ground-level ozone, including S. 638, to amend the Clean Air Act with respect to exceptional event demonstrations, S. 751, to improve the establishment of any lower ground-level ozone standards, and S. 640, to amend the Clean Air Act to delay the review and revision of the na-tional ambient air quality standards for ozone, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Finance: June 2, to hold hearings to exam-
ine Internal Revenue Service data theft affecting taxpayer information, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
June 3, Full Committee, business meeting to consider 
an original bill entitled, ‘‘Audit & Appeal Fairness, Integ-rity, and Reforms in Medicare Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: June 2, to hold closed 
hearings to examine understanding Iran’s nuclear pro-gram, 5 p.m., SVC–217. 
June 3, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
implications of the Iran nuclear agreement for United States policy in the Middle East, 9:30 a.m., SD–419. 
June 4, Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health 
Policy, to hold hearings to examine security assistance in Africa, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: June 
3, to hold hearings to examine reauthorizing the Higher Education Act, focusing on ensuring college affordability, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
June 2, to hold hearings to examine the IRS data breach, focusing on steps to protect Americans’ personal informa-tion, 2 p.m., SD–342. 
June 3, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
top government investigator positions left unfilled for years, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
June 4, Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Fed-
eral Management, to hold hearings to examine practical solutions to improve the federal regulatory process, 1:15 p.m., SD–342. 
Committee on the Judiciary: June 4, business meeting to 
consider S. 1137, to amend title 35, United States Code, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01JN5.REC D01JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D621 June 1, 2015 
and the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act to make im-
provements and technical corrections, and the nomina-tions of Dale A. Drozd, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of California, Lawrence Jo-seph Vilardo, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of New York, LaShann Moutique DeArcy Hall, and Ann Donnelly, both to be a United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York, John W. Huber, of Utah, to be United States At-torney for the District of Utah for the term of four years, Eileen Maura Decker, of California, to be United States Attorney for the Central District of California for the term of four years, and Eric Steven Miller, of Vermont, to be United States Attorney for the District of Vermont for the term of four years, 9:30 a.m., SD–226. 
June 4, Subcommittee on Oversight, Agency Action, 
Federal Rights and Federal Courts, to hold hearings to examine the process that led to the Affordable Care Act subsidy rule, 2 p.m., SD–226. 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: June 3, 
business meeting to consider S. 1292, to amend the Small Business Act to treat certain qualified disaster areas as HUBZones and to extend the period for HUBZone treat-ment for certain base closure areas, an original bill enti-tled, ‘‘Recovery Improvements for Small Entities (RISE) After Disaster Act of 2015’’, an original resolution ex-pressing the sense of the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate that the rule relating to the definition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Clean Water Act will have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small enti-ties, the nomination of Douglas J. Kramer, of Kansas, to be Deputy Administrator of the Small Business Adminis-tration, and other pending calendar business, 10 a.m., SR–428A. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: June 3, to hold hearings 
to examine S. 207, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to use existing authorities to furnish health care at non-Department of Veterans Affairs facilities to vet-erans who live more than 40 miles driving distance from the closest medical facility of the Department that fur-nishes the care sought by the veteran, S. 297, to revive and expand the Intermediate Care Technician Pilot Pro-gram of the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 425, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a five- year extension to the homeless veterans reintegration pro-grams and to provide clarification regarding eligibility for services under such programs, S. 471, to improve the pro-vision of health care for women veterans by the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, S. 684, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of services for homeless veterans, and other pending calendar busi-ness, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: June 2, to receive a closed 
briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
June 4, Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing on 
certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture , June 3, Full Committee, hear-
ing entitled ‘‘Review of Agricultural Subsidies in Foreign Countries’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Appropriations , June 3, Subcommittee on 
State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, markup on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Ap-propriations Bill, FY 2016, 10:30 a.m., H–140 Capitol. 
Committee on the Budget , June 3, Full Committee, hear-
ing entitled ‘‘The Congressional Budget Office: Oversight Hearing’’, 10 a.m., 210 Cannon. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce , June 3, Full 
Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Compulsory Unionization through Grievance Fees: The NLRB’s Assault on Right- to-Work’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce , June 3, Full Com-
mittee, markup on H.R. 2576, the ‘‘TSCA Modernization Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2583, the ‘‘Federal Communica-tions Commission Process Reform Act of 2015’’ (contin-ued), 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
June 3, Subcommittee on Energy and Power, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Discussion Draft on Accountability and Depart-ment of Energy Perspectives on Title IV: Energy Effi-ciency’’, 2 p.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
June 4, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Ex-
amining H.R. 2017, the Common Sense Nutrition Dis-closure Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
June 4, Subcommittee on Energy and Power, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Discussion Draft on Accountability and Depart-ment of Energy Perspectives on Title IV: Energy Effi-ciency’’ (continued), 10:15, 2322 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services , June 3, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Export-Import Bank’s Reauthorization Request and the Government’s Role in Export Financing’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs , June 3, Subcommittee on 
the Middle East and North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Policy Towards ISIL After Terror Group Seizes Ramadi and Palmyra’’, 12 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
June 3, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Glob-
al Human Rights, and International Organizations, hear-ing entitled ‘‘The Future of U.S.-Zimbabwe Relations’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security , June 3, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Terrorism Gone Viral: The Attack in Garland, Texas and Beyond’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on House Administration , June 3, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘House Officer Priorities for 2016 and Beyond’’, 1 p.m., 1310 Longworth. 
Committee on Natural Resources , June 3, Subcommittee 
on Federal Lands, hearing on a discussion draft entitled 
the ‘‘Returning Resilience to our Overgrown, Fire-prone National Forests Act of 2015’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , June 3, 
Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Ensuring Agency Compliance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology , June 4, Full 
Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘EPA Regulatory Overreach: Impacts on American Competitiveness’’, 9 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01JN5.REC D01JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D622 June 1, 2015 
Committee on Small Business , June 3, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘The Road Ahead: Small Businesses and the Need for a Long-Term Surface Transportation Reau-thorization’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
June 4, Subcommittee on Contracting and Workforce, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Sizing Up Small Business: SBA’s Failure to Implement Congressional Direction’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs , June 3, Subcommittee on 
Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing VA’s Ability to Promptly Pay Non-VA Providers’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means , June 3, Subcommittee on 
Human Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting the Safety Net from Waste, Fraud, and Abuse’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence , June 4, Full 
Committee, markup on Intelligence Authorization Act, 9 a.m., HVC–304. This markup will be closed. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: June 3, to hold hearings to ex-
amine the employment effects of the Affordable Care Act, 2:30 p.m., SD–562. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01JN5.REC D01JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D623 June 1, 2015 
* These figures include all measures reported, even if there was no 
accompanyingreport. A total of 60 written reports have been filed in the Senate, 134 reports have been filed in the House. Re´sume´of Congressional Activity 
FIRST SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FOURTEENTH CONGRESS 
The first table gives a comprehensive re ´sume´of all legislative business transacted by the Senate and House. 
The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the Senate by the President for Senate confirmation. 
DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY 
January 6 through May 31, 2015 
Senate House Total 
Days in session .................................... 77 71 . . 
Time in session ................................... 491 hrs., 3 ′ 309 hrs., 31 ′ ..  
Congressional Record: 
Pages of proceedings ................... 3,372 3,582 . . Extensions of Remarks ................ . . 795 . . 
Public bills enacted into law ............... 3 16 19 Private bills enacted into law .............. . . . . . . Bills in conference ............................... . . . . . . Measures passed, total ......................... 170 203 373 
Senate bills .................................. 21 5 . . House bills .................................. 20 121 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 1 1 . . House joint resolutions ............... 1 2 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 6 4 . . House concurrent resolutions ...... 10 12 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 111 58 . . 
Measures reported, total ...................... *92 *130 222 
Senate bills .................................. 63 . . . . House bills .................................. 7 98 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . 1 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 1 . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... . . 3 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 21 28 . . 
Special reports ..................................... 12 3 . . Conference reports ............................... 1 1 . . Measures pending on calendar ............. 71 31 . . Measures introduced, total .................. 1,682 2,977 4,659 
Bills ............................................. 1,461 2,583 . . Joint resolutions .......................... 16 56 . . Concurrent resolutions ................ 17 53 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 188 285 . . 
Quorum calls ....................................... 5 1 . . Yea-and-nay votes ............................... 196 130 . . Recorded votes .................................... . . 132 . . Bills vetoed ......................................... 2 . . . . Vetoes overridden ................................ . . . . . . DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS 
January 6 through May 31, 2015 
Civilian nominations, totaling 209, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 32 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 174 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 3 
Other Civilian nominations, totaling 1,857, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,254 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 603 
Air Force nominations, totaling 3,142, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 3,131 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 11 
Army nominations, totaling 343, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 114 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 229 
Navy nominations, totaling 615, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 165 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 450 
Marine Corps nominations, totaling 1,053, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,042 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 11 
Summary 
Total nominations carried over from the First Session ........................... 0 
Total nominations received this Session ................................................ 7,219 
Total confirmed ..................................................................................... 5,738 Total unconfirmed ................................................................................. 1,478 Total withdrawn .................................................................................... 3 Total returned to the White House ...................................................... 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0667 Sfmt 0667 E:\CR\FM\D01JN5.REC D01JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD624 June 1, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Tuesday, June 2 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of H.R. 2048, USA FREEDOM Act, with a vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the bill at 10:30 a.m. The filing deadline for second-degree amendments to the bill is at 10 a.m. 
Upon disposition of H.R. 2048, USA FREEDOM Act, 
Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 1735, Na-tional Defense Authorization Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Tuesday, June 2 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Begin consideration of H.R. 
2578—Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Brooks, Susan W., Ind., E806 
Byrne, Bradley, Ala., E798 Capps, Lois, Calif., E807 Carter, Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’, Ga., E800 Carter, John R., Tex., E803 Conaway, K. Michael, Tex., E797 Conyers, John, Jr., Mich., E802 DelBene, Suzan K., Wash., E798 Diaz-Balart, Mario, Fla., E800 Dold, Robert J., Ill., E804, E805 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E799, E805 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E800 
Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E797 Hunter, Duncan, Calif., E804 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E807 Kelly, Mike, Pa., E804 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E801 Latta, Robert E., Ohio, E801, E806 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E798, E805 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E800, E803 Miller, Candice S., Mich., E799 Mooney, Alexander X., W.Va. E806 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E801 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, D.C., E807 Nugent, Richard B., Fla., E803 
Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E802 Rice, Tom, S.C., E805 Sablan, Gregorio Kilili Camacho, Northern Mariana 
Islands, E802 
Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E801 Shimkus, John, Ill., E797, E799 Sinema, Kyrsten, Ariz., E805 Tiberi, Patrick J., Ohio, E798 Walden, Greg, Ore., E799 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E797, E798 Young, David, Iowa, E806, E807 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Jun 02, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D01JN5.REC D01JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST