Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1625 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MARCH 10, 2015 No. 40 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. H
ARRIS ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
March 10, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable A NDYHAR-
RISto act as Speaker pro tempore on this 
day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PRAYER 
Reverend Scott Sina, St. John the 
Beloved Catholic Church, McLean, Vir-ginia, offered the following prayer: 
Loving and gracious God, we ask that 
You pour out Your blessings on our Na-tion this day. 
May these men and women, who are 
called here today as Representatives of the people of this country, be given an inspired vision of the common good, and may they meet the challenges they face with resolve and righteousness. 
May Your grace bestow upon the 
Members of this House a lively hope and the virtues of justice, wisdom, and compassion that they may be instru-ments of Your holy will in carrying out their noble vocation as public servants. 
We pray that the work of this House 
will contribute to the flourishing of this Nation so that all peoples and fam-ilies will be raised in dignity, encour-aged in solidarity, and blessed with or-dered liberty. 
We ask this through Christ, our Lord, 
who reigns forever and ever. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 2(a) of House Resolution 134, the Journal of the last day’s pro-
ceedings is approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 2(b) of House Resolution 134, the House stands adjourned until 11 a.m. on Friday, March 13, 2015. 
Thereupon (at 12 o’clock and 2 min-
utes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Friday, March 13, 2015, at 11 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
722. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Homeland Defense and Global Security, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the con-solidated budget justification, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 229; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
723. A communication from the President 
of the United States, transmitting notifica-tion that an Executive Order was issued de-claring a national emergency with respect to the unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and foreign policy of the United States posed by the situation in Ven-ezuela, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.; (H. Doc. No. 114—16); to the Committee on For-eign Affairs and ordered to be printed. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-
ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. RENACCI (for himself, Mr. 
ENGEL , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. D OLD, Mr. 
AMODEI , and Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana): 
H.R. 1343. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to adjust the Medicare hospital readmission reduction program to respond to patient disparities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GUTHRIE (for himself and Mrs. 
C
APPS ): 
H.R. 1344. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to reauthorize a program for early detection, diagnosis, and treatment regarding deaf and hard-of-hearing newborns, infants, and young children; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. BASS (for herself, Mr. R
ANGEL , 
Mrs. C APPS , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Ms. 
MCCOLLUM ): 
H.R. 1345. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to extend to physician assistants eligibility for Medicaid incentive payments for the adoption and use of cer-tified electronic health records, whether or not such physician assistants practice at a rural health center or Federally qualified health center; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. COOPER (for himself, Mr. 
R
IBBLE , Mr. S CHRADER , Mrs. B USTOS , 
Mr. C OSTA , Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali-
fornia, Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. A SHFORD , 
Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. L OEBSACK , 
Mr. H IMES, Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT ): 
H.R. 1346. A bill to require States to carry 
out Congressional redistricting in accord-ance with a process under which members of the public are informed of redistricting pro-posals and have the opportunity to partici-pate in the development of such proposals prior to their adoption, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. COOPER (for himself, Mr. 
R
IBBLE , Mr. S CHRADER , Mrs. B USTOS , 
Mr. C OSTA , Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali-
fornia, Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. A SHFORD , 
Mr. G IBSON , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN , and Mr. M URPHY of Florida): 
H.R. 1347. A bill to prohibit States from 
carrying out more than one Congressional redistricting after a decennial census and ap-portionment, to require States to conduct 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MR7.000 H10MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1626 March 10, 2015 
such redistricting through independent com-
missions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina: 
H.R. 1348. A bill to amend the Patient Pro-
tection and Affordable Care Act to allow in-dividuals to opt out of the minimum re-quired health benefits by permitting health insurance issuers to offer qualified health plans that offer alternative benefits to the minimum essential health benefits otherwise required, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. GRAHAM: 
H.R. 1349. A bill to authorize assistance to 
Israel to establish an anti-tunneling defense system, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SERRANO (for himself, Mr. 
R
ANGEL , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. E NGEL , 
Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. K INGof New York, 
Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. M EEKS , 
Ms. M ENG, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. 
JEFFRIES , Ms. C LARKE of New York, 
Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALO-
NEY of New York, Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. 
SEANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, 
Mr. G IBSON , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. H ANNA , 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. 
ZELDIN , Ms. S TEFANIK , and Mr. 
KATKO ): 
H.R. 1350. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 442 East 167th Street in Bronx, New York, as the ‘‘Herman Badillo Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
By Ms. WILSON of Florida: 
H.R. 1351. A bill to establish a State-spon-
sored national catastrophic risk consortium to ensure the availability and affordability of homeowners’ insurance coverage for cata-strophic events; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. 
By Ms. WILSON of Florida: 
H.R. 1352. A bill to establish student loan 
borrowers’ rights to basic consumer protec-tions, reasonable and flexible repayment op-tions, access to earned credentials, and effec-tive loan cancellation in exchange for public service, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, the Judiciary, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. DEUTCH (for himself, Ms. R
OS- 
LEHTINEN , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , 
and Mr. D IAZ-BALART ): 
H. Res. 148. A resolution calling on the gov-
ernment of Iran to fulfill their promises of assistance in this case of Robert Levinson, the longest held United States civilian in our Nation’s history; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-
mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. RENACCI: 
H.R. 1343. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8: ‘‘. . . provide for the 
common Defense and general Welfare of the United States . . .’’ 
By Mr. GUTHRIE: 
H.R. 1344. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Ms. BASS: 
H.R. 1345. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article. I. Section 1. All legislative Powers herein granted shall 
be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. 
By Mr. COOPER: 
H.R. 1346. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 4 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. COOPER: 
H.R. 1347. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 4 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina: 
H.R. 1348. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The authority to enact this bill is derived 
from, but may not be limited to, Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. 
By Ms. GRAHAM: 
H.R. 1349. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. SERRANO: 
H.R. 1350. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 of the Con-
stitution, which states that ‘‘The Congress shall have Power. . . . To establish Post Of-fices and post roads.’’ 
By Ms. WILSON of Florida: 
H.R. 1351. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. The Congress 
shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States 
By Ms. WILSON of Florida: 
H.R. 1352. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (the Com-
merce Clause) and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (the Necessary and Proper Clause). 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills as follows: H.R. 27: Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 187: Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 244: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. H AR-
PER, and Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 270: Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 317: Mr. I SRAEL . 
H.R. 344: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 353: Mrs. B USTOS . 
H.R. 401: Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 470: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 495: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 577: Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. S MITH of 
New Jersey, and Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN . 
H.R. 592: Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
GRAVES of Missouri, Mr. O’R OURKE , and Ms. 
PINGREE . 
H.R. 642: Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, 
Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Ms. 
JENKINS of Kansas, and Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN . 
H.R. 712: Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 716: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 721: Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. P OSEY , Mrs. 
LAWRENCE , Ms. E STY, Mr. P EARCE , Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Mr. N UGENT , and Mr. D ELANEY . 
H.R. 831: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. H ASTINGS , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Ms. 
DELBENE, and Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 885: Mr. R EEDand Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 906: Mr. G OWDY and Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 917: Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 920: Mr. E LLISON , Mr. D EUTCH , and Mr. 
TAKANO . 
H.R. 932: Mr. T AKAI, Mr. P ETERS , and Ms. 
ROYBAL -ALLARD . 
H.R. 969: Mr. G IBBS, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. 
POSEY , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. K EATING , Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , and Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 985: Mr. R IBBLE , Ms. M OORE , Mr. C OL-
LINS of New York, Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. L EVIN, 
Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, and Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 986: Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. S CALISE , Mr. 
PITTENGER , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. G IBSON , and Mr. 
EMMER of Minnesota. 
H.R. 987: Mr. A MASH . 
H.R. 997: Mr. T URNER and Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 1017: Mr. N UGENT . 
H.R. 1034: Mr. G OHMERT and Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER . 
H.R. 1043: Mrs. B USTOS . 
H.R. 1092: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. 
H.R. 1132: Mr. H ONDA , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. S HER-
MAN, Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. T HOMPSON  
of California, Ms. E SHOO , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. 
BERA, Mr. C OOK, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. L EE, 
Mr. V ALADAO , Mrs. C APPS , Ms. J UDY CHUof 
California, Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. T EDLIEUof 
California, Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. R UIZ, Ms. 
LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Ms. R OYBAL - 
ALLARD , Mr. C ALVERT , Ms. H AHN, and Mr. 
HUNTER . 
H.R. 1147: Mr. B ABIN, Mr. R ATCLIFFE , and 
Mr. H ECKof Nevada. 
H.R. 1180: Mr. B ABIN, Mr. L UCAS , Mr. 
RIGELL , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of 
Georgia, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. 
RICEof South Carolina, Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. 
STUTZMAN , Mr.W ITTMAN , Mr. H UIZENGA of 
Michigan, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. A LLEN , Ms. J EN-
KINS of Kansas, Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. 
LANCE , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. W IL-
LIAMS , Mr. B UCK, Mr. B URGESS , Mrs. R OBY, 
Mr. R OSS, and Mr. S MITH of Nebraska. 
H.R. 1202: Mr. H ECKof Nevada. 
H.R. 1222: Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H.R. 1270: Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H.R. 1283: Mrs. B LACK . 
H.R. 1329: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 1331: Mr. H IGGINS and Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H. J. Res. 2: Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, 
Mr. T IBERI , Mr. P ETERSON , and Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H. J. Res. 32: Mr. S ALMON . 
H. Con. Res. 23: Mr. G IBSON , Mr. C LAWSON  
of Florida, Ms. B ONAMICI , and Mr. S WALWELL  
of California. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L10MR7.100 H10MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1627 March 10, 2015 
H. Res. 11: Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. 
LANCE , and Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H. Res. 26: Mr. J ORDAN . H. Res. 119: Mr. P ERRY , Mr. W ESTERMAN , 
Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. M CNERNEY , and Mr. G RI-
JALVA . H. Res. 122: Mr. C OOK and Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania. 
H. Res. 139: Mr. H ARRIS and Mr. D UNCAN of 
Tennessee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MR7.003 H10MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1343 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MARCH 10, 2015 No. 40 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To-
day’s opening prayer will be offered by our guest Chaplain, the Reverend Adam Briddell, associate pastor of the Asbury United Methodist Church, right here in Washington, DC. 
The guest Chaplain offered the fol-
lowing prayer: 
Let us pray. Holy God, You are a stronghold for 
the oppressed, a fortress in times of trouble. The heavens are the work of Your fingers. You established the Moon and the stars. Who are we, that You care for us? Who are we, that You promise us grace and mercy? 
May Your greatness humble us. May 
Your light transform us. May Your love inspire us. 
Inspire us to great acts of mercy, 
kindness, and justice. Inspire us to love You and love our neighbor. Inspire us to labor for the sake of Your Kingdom, to sacrifice for the least and the lost. 
Today may the men and women of 
this great Chamber be found faithful to You. 
This we pray in Your merciful Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C OT-
TON). The majority leader is recog-
nized. HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
LEGISLATION 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
deep in shadow, there is a specter that haunts our country. In dark corners it claims thousands of victims every year—quietly, stealthily, maliciously. It is hard for many Americans to be-lieve that human trafficking could happen where they live, but it does, right here in the United States—in all 50 of our States. And many of these victims are children. 
In Kentucky alone the Common-
wealth has been able to identify more than 100 victims since it began keeping relevant records in 2013. While this kind of abuse often begins around the age of 13 or 14, there have been reports of victims in Kentucky as young as 2 months old. It is just about the most morally offensive thing you can imag-ine. 
These victims need a voice, they need 
justice, and the new Congress is deter-mined to give them both. That is just what the bill we are considering this week, the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act, aims to do. 
I particularly want to thank Senator 
C
ORNYN for his hard work on this legis-
lation. He has been a tireless advocate for it. I also want to note that this leg-islation has always been a bipartisan exercise. I want to thank the 13 Demo-cratic cosponsors of the bill. 
It is a bill that received a hearing in 
the Judiciary Committee earlier this year and was reported without a single negative vote. It has been thoroughly vetted and carefully crafted, which ex-plains its bipartisan support in the Senate. That also explains the long list of endorsements outside the Senate, with organizations such as Shared Hope International, Rights4Girls, the Fraternal Order of Police, and the Na-tional Center for Missing and Exploited Children among its many supporters. 
Here is what one of the broad coali-
tions backing this bill had to say about it. ‘‘The Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act provides unprecedented 
support to domestic victims of traf-ficking, who are too often invisible and underserved,’’ they wrote. ‘‘This legis-lation is vital.’’ 
I hope now that it has been brought 
to the floor, this bill continues to 
enjoy its strong record of constructive bipartisan support. It is similar to a measure that was passed by the House of Representatives. 
The version before us also contains 
some additional provisions as well. For instance, Senator P
ORTMAN has offered 
ideas to improve the way we find miss-ing kids and to strengthen law enforce-ment efforts to investigate and pros-ecute those who commit sex traf-ficking crimes. 
It is good to see such a strong and bi-
partisan piece of legislation because victims of human trafficking should be treated as victims—not as criminals— because they should have the services and resources they need to rebuild their lives and because law enforce-ment should have the tools it needs to protect them and to combat these crimes. This bill aims to ensure these things actually happen, and I look for-ward to the Senate’s good work to pass it. 
f 
REMEMBERING EDWARD W. 
BROOKE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
later today a former Senate colleague will be honored at the National Cathe-dral and laid to rest in Arlington. Sen-ator Brooke was a trailblazer. He was a model of honesty and courage in office. Through his example, Edward W. Brooke reminded Americans that any-thing was possible in their country. In the years since Senator Brooke left of-fice, we have seen the truth of that statement. 
So while I am sure the Brooke family 
will mourn a man they loved today, just as any family would, I hope those who loved Senator Brooke can remem-ber they have a lot to be proud of, too, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MR6.000 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1344 March 10, 2015 
as does the Senate, as does our coun-
try. 
We thank this path-breaking pioneer 
for his many years of service to our country, and we honor him today. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
HEALTH CARE COSTS 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, all over the 
country today in newspapers and elec-tronic media there is a story. I will just pick one of them out from the front page of the Washington Post today. The headline reads: ‘‘CBO: Health law will cost less than ex-pected.’’ It says: ‘‘President Obama’s health-care law will cost taxpayers substantially less than previously esti-mated, congressional budget officials said Monday, in an upbeat note for a program that has faced withering criti-cism since its passage five years ago.’’ 
I would just note here that the oppo-
sition has come from my Republican colleagues in the Senate and the House. They voted 67 times to repeal it in the House. Of course, each time it has failed. 
Continuing on in this article, it says: 
The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Of-
fice attributed the savings to spending on medical care in coming years that will not be as great as previously forecast. As a re-sult, the agency said, insurers are not ex-pected to charge Americans as much for cov-erage, and the government will save on sub-sidies for low- and moderate-income people. 
What’s more, the CBO has concluded that 
companies are not canceling health insur-ance policies as often as had been antici-pated earlier this year. Fewer Americans consequently are planning to sign up for in-surance under the Affordable Care Act, gen-erating more taxpayer savings. 
In total, the health-care law will cost tax-
payers . . . 11 percent less over the next dec-ade than estimated in January. The cost of providing subsidies for people to buy insur-ance on the state and federal marketplaces— the centerpiece of the law—will be 20 percent lower than projected. 
The article goes on and on about the 
good things that are happening with health care in America. 
f 
LYNCH NOMINATION 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, the official 
mission statement for the U.S. Attor-ney General reads: 
To enforce the law and defend the interests 
of the United States according to the law; to ensure public safety against threats foreign and domestic; to provide federal leadership in preventing and controlling crime; to seek just punishment for those guilty of unlawful behavior; and to ensure fair and impartial administration of justice for all Americans. 
That is a tremendous responsibility. 
The U.S. Attorney General is more 
than just a lawyer or an administrator. An Attorney General is a defender, a crime fighter, and an advocate for Americans’ rights. It is not an easy job, but President Obama’s nominee 
Loretta Lynch is up to the task. 
Throughout my time in the Senate, I 
have seen many qualified nominees, Republicans and Democrats—people such as Janet Reno, Madeline Albright, Colin Powell, and Hillary Rodham Clinton. Loretta Lynch, a graduate of Harvard Law School, is as qualified as any candidate I have ever seen in my 33 years in Congress. 
Ms. Lynch currently serves as the 
U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York. She has been confirmed unanimously for that office by the Sen-ate twice, most recently in 2010. During her time in the U.S. attorney’s office, Loretta Lynch has proven herself to be a tough crimefighter. She has vigor-ously prosecuted drug dealers and criminals, corrupt politicians, and greedy Wall Street bankers. 
Loretta Lynch is also a guardian of 
the Constitution. She takes the protec-tions afforded to Americans in the Bill of Rights seriously. Almost two dec-ades ago she helped bring to justice a Haitian immigrant who had been phys-ically and sexually assaulted by police officers acting outside the law. 
She has also defended human rights 
abroad. She was part of the Inter-national Criminal Tribunal for Rwan-da, where she prosecuted suspects ac-cused of one of the most heinous crimes in world history, the genocide carried out in Rwanda. 
Whatever the case, whatever the 
crime, Loretta Lynch has protected the innocent and fought the guilty. She has been exemplary in defending the interests of the United States and its people. She is an ideal candidate to be America’s top law enforcement officer. That is why she was nominated 121 days ago by President Obama. 
I look forward to the Senate fin-
ishing this confirmation as soon as pos-sible. The American people need Loret-ta Lynch in their corner. 
Mr. President, what is the business of 
the day? 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 11 a.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, with the time equally divided, and the ma-jority controlling the first half and the Democrats controlling the final half. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak for up to 10 minutes and that the Senator from Pennsylvania, Mr. T
OOMEY , be allowed 
to follow me for as much time as he may consume. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, every 
year millions of human beings around the world are forced into slave labor and sold for sex. This includes a large number of children. While these crimes are especially prevalent in countries where prosecution of trafficking is lax or essentially nonexistent, the truth is that human trafficking occurs in every country, including right here in the United States. Every year thousands of Americans—most frequently women and children—are trafficked within the borders of the United States. 
A large number of the victims are 
children who are bought and sold to feed the twisted desires of sexual pred-ators. That is a key phrase, ‘‘bought and sold,’’ because to the criminals who prey on these children, that is what it is about—buying and selling. It is a business. That is right—the sexual exploitation and brutalization of chil-dren, some of them not yet teenagers, is a business to the traffickers who en-snare them, and many of them get rich off of the horror these children endure. 
Traffickers identify vulnerable tar-
gets—often children who are already living in difficult circumstances or come from broken homes. They then engage in calculated campaigns to win the trust of these vulnerable children and lure them into their orbit. After the child has been trapped, he or she is brought into a lifestyle whose horrors are difficult to adequately describe. These children are forced into a life of prostitution, their innocence repeat-edly and brutally violated hundreds or thousands of times in a year. They are controlled by a combination of sexual, physical, and psychological abuse at the hands of their traffickers. Many of them become hooked on drugs as well thanks to their captors, who see drug 
dependence as a useful means of con-trol. 
Some children never escape from this 
life. They end up dead before they have even left their childhood behind, the victim of a dangerous encounter with a sexual predator or too violent a beat-ing at the hands of a pimp. Those chil-dren who do escape can take years or decades to recover from the trauma. Post-traumatic stress disorder, depres-sion, and lasting physical injuries are just some of the challenges victims can face as they attempt to rebuild their lives. Some never recover. 
All of this is nothing more than a 
business to the traffickers, who enrich 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MR6.003 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1345 March 10, 2015 
themselves off the violation of the in-
nocent. I am reminded of the verse in the Gospels ‘‘For what does it profit a man to gain the whole world but forfeit his soul?’’ 
If there is any crime against which 
the human person revolts, it is the sex-ual brutalization of children. It is well known that even hardened criminals despise those who have hurt children in this way. Going after those who traffic in children should be a priority for local, State, and Federal law enforce-ment agencies. 
This week we are considering the 
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, a bill put together by my colleague, the senior Senator from Texas. I co-sponsored this legislation because I be-lieve it provides a number of important tools to strengthen our efforts to eradi-cate trafficking in this country and to help its victims. 
This legislation would give law en-
forcement additional resources for tar-geting traffickers, including increased access to wiretaps for State and local task forces conducting human traf-ficking and child pornography inves-tigations, authorization for programs targeting child exploitation, and offer-ing law enforcement training for re-turning veterans who want to focus on combating human trafficking. 
A large portion of the bill is focused 
on providing assistance to victims as they seek to regain their lives. Among the bill’s many victim-related provi-sions are, first, a deficit-neutral do-mestic trafficking victims fund to in-crease the Federal support available to trafficking victims, financed by in-creased penalties for those convicted of trafficking-related crimes; second, a new block grant program to help State and local governments expand the re-sources they offer to trafficking vic-tims and strengthen their law enforce-ment efforts; third, a provision written by my colleague from South Dakota, Representative K
RISTI NOEM, that 
would help expand the extremely lim-ited housing available to recovering underaged trafficking victims; fourth, a notification requirement to ensure that trafficking victims are told of any plea bargains or deferred prosecution agreements in their case; fifth, a provi-sion to give victims of child pornog-raphy access to the same services available to trafficking victims by classifying child pornography produc-tion as a type of human trafficking; and sixth, a human trafficking advi-sory council made up of trafficking survivors to make recommendations to the Federal Government. 
This legislation has been endorsed by 
some of the leading organizations in the fight against human trafficking, including the National Center for Miss-ing and Exploited Children, Shared Hope International, Rights4Girls, and the National Association to Protect Children. It is also supported by a bi-partisan majority here in the Senate, and I am looking forward to passing it in the very near future. The sooner we get these tools in the 
hands of law enforcement, the better. If we succeed in anything as a society, it should be in protecting the innocent. I hope this legislation will help advance the fight against trafficking in this country and help promote the healing of human trafficking’s many victims. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania. 
f 
PROTECTING STUDENTS FROM 
SEXUAL AND VIOLENT PREDA-TORS ACT 
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak on S. 474, the Protecting Stu-dents from Sexual and Violent Preda-tors Act. This is a bipartisan bill. It is a bill I introduced with Senator J
OE 
MANCHIN in the last Congress, and we 
recently reintroduced this bill. We also intend to offer this bill as an amend-ment to the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act that the Senator from South Dakota was just discussing. 
This is a bill which provides some 
crucial protections to our children, and I am proud to be a cosponsor of this un-derlying bill. I am confident it is going to pass, and I certainly hope it will pass with our amendment. 
The bipartisan amendment I will be 
introducing, the Protecting Students from Sexual and Violent Predators Act, amends the underlying bill to pro-tect even more children. That is what it does. It provides specific protections against convicted child molesters infil-trating our schools. 
I will say up front that I fully recog-
nize that the vast majority of school employees would never consider sexu-ally or violently abusing the children in their care. We all understand that, but we also understand that there are pedophiles in this country and they seek out vulnerable children. That is what they do. They know the kids are concentrated in schools with no par-ents around, and that is what we have to protect these kids against. 
I have been fighting for this for over 
a year now—together with Senator M
ANCHIN and others—and I will not 
stop fighting until we get this done. I have three very personal reasons that this fight is one I have taken on and I will continue with, and the personal reasons are my own kids. They are 14, 13, and almost 5 years old. I need to know, just as every parent needs to know, that when we put our child on a schoolbus that child is going some-where where they are going to be safe, they are going to be protected, and they are not going to be victims, they are not going to fall prey to some of the very people who are supposed to be looking after them. 
Unfortunately, for too many kids 
that is not true today, as is the story of one particular child who inspired this legislation. For a child named Jer-emy Bell, the story begins in Delaware County, PA. One of the schoolteachers there molested several boys and raped one. Prosecutors decided they didn’t 
have enough evidence to bring a case against this monster. The school knew what was going on, so they decided to dismiss the teacher for sexually abus-ing his students, but then, appallingly, the school decided to make sure he went off and became someone else’s problem. 
The Pennsylvania school wrote a let-
ter of recommendation for that teach-er, who took that letter of rec-ommendation and brought it to the school he applied to work at in West Virginia. He got hired, and over time he became the principal. Well, these kinds of pedophiles do not change their ways, and he didn’t change his ways in West Virginia. He continued to prey on kids. Eventually, he raped and then murdered a 12-year-old boy named Jer-emy Bell. 
Justice eventually caught up with 
the killer, and he is now serving a life sentence for that murder. But for little Jeremy Bell that justice came too late. And, sadly, Jeremy Bell is not alone. Last year we had 459 school employees across America arrested for sexual mis-conduct with the very children they are supposed to be protecting and teaching and caring for. That is more than one per day. And those are just the ones where there was enough evi-dence to actually prosecute, to make an arrest and to pursue charges. How many others were getting away with this? 
Frankly, 2015 is not off to a much 
better start. So far we are 69 days into the new year and there have already been 82 school employees arrested across the country for sexual mis-conduct with the schoolchildren in their care. 
These are not just statistics. These 
are not just numbers on a page. These are children’s lives, every single one of them; such as the little girl whose sex-ual abuse began at age 10 and only ended when at age 17 she found herself pregnant with the teacher’s child; a teacher’s aide who raped a young men-tally disabled boy in his care; a kinder-garten teacher who kept a child during recess and forced her to perform sexual acts on him. 
It is hard to even talk about these 
changes, but they are happening—one school employee after another caught with child pornography. Sometimes these images are of kids who are just 1 year old. This is unbelievable. It is out-rageous. But it is happening. 
We in Congress have to do what we 
can to stop this, and we can do some-thing. The Toomey-Manchin protecting students bill takes an important step in the direction of stopping these out-rageous acts, and it does so by relying on two mechanisms to accomplish this. The first mechanism is to require schools to do appropriate criminal background checks so we are not know-ingly hiring pedophiles in our schools; and the second is to ban this terrible practice by which schools knowingly send a letter of recommendation for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MR6.005 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1346 March 10, 2015 
one of these creeps to go somewhere 
else. They are recommending them so they become someone else’s problem. 
Neither of these mechanisms should 
be controversial. The House of Rep-resentatives unanimously passed a bill in the last Congress that has both of these mechanisms. I am proud of the fact we have three former House Mem-bers who voted for this bill last year who are now cosponsors of our legisla-tion, including the junior Senator from West Virginia, from Colorado, and from Arkansas. I appreciate their support for this commonsense legislation. 
Furthermore, a few months ago, 
every Member of the House and Senate except one voted for even more expan-sive background checks when we all voted in favor of the Child Care Devel-opment Block Grant bill. The com-bined vote in the House and Senate was 523 to 1. This is not controversial stuff. 
So what would we actually do? What 
does the legislation accomplish? No. 1, criminal background checks. Every State has some kind of criminal back-ground check now, that is true, but it is pretty obvious that many of them are not adequate. For instance, too often there are whole categories of school employees who are not covered by the criminal background check, and too often States don’t check all of the criminal databases that are available to them, and so these pedophiles are slipping through the cracks. 
The protecting students act requires 
a school district that wants to take Federal funds to pay its teachers’ sala-ries to perform background checks on all the workers who have unsupervised contact with the children. That would include new hires and existing hires. 
Another reality is that many States 
have only recently adopted these back-ground checks. They have hired em-ployees prior to the legislation requir-ing the criminal background checks, and some of these employees have this kind of criminal background. Take the case of William Vahey, 64 years old. He taught for decades at some of the world’s most elite schools. He started in California and then started working his way across the country. Do you know what he used to do? He used to give his young students Oreo cookies laced with sleeping pills, and when the boys fell asleep he molested them and he photographed it. Scores of children were sexually abused. 
This teacher had been convicted for 
sexual abuse of children when he was in his twenties, but these school districts weren’t doing a thorough background check so they weren’t discovering these things. Well, the protecting stu-dents act ensures sex offenders such as William Vahey will not fall through the cracks. They will be discovered by a more thorough and rigorous back-ground check system that our bill re-quires. 
I should also point out our bill—the 
protecting students act—requires the schools to do the criminal background checks not just for teachers but for contractors as well—some schoolbus 
drivers, coaches, substitute teachers, anyone who comes in unsupervised con-tact with the kids. There are currently 12 States that have no such require-ment at all. They do not check on the backgrounds of their contractors, de-spite the fact these folks come in reg-ular contact with kids. 
Case in point: In Montana, parents 
got a very rude awakening recently. An audit of Montana’s schoolbus drivers found they have 123 drivers with crimi-nal histories, including one driver whose conviction landed him on the Sexual and Violent Offender Registry and one with an outstanding arrest warrant. 
Running these background checks on 
school workers is only going to be help-ful if it is thorough, if it is adequate. So what the Toomey-Manchin bill does is it requires the background check in-clude all four of the major crime data-bases that are available. There is the FBI fingerprint database, the National Sex Offender Registry, the State crimi-nal registry in each State, and the State Child Abuse and Neglect Reg-istry. 
This past August parents in Alaska 
learned that Alaska has an inadequate background check system, and it re-sulted in a known child rapist teaching in Alaska schools for 4 years. This is unbelievable, but this is what is hap-pening. On August 29, Alaska State troopers arrested a middle school teacher in Kiana, AK. The teacher had fled Missouri 4 years earlier in order to escape an arrest warrant. Multiple wit-nesses accused the teacher over a dec-ade of sexual and physical abuse of his own adopted children. He had raped and starved these children—his own children. This is unbelievable. The children literally had to burrow a hole in the wall and steal frozen food and warm it up, heat it on a furnace, just to survive. 
This monster was able to leave the 
State and obtain a teaching job in Alaska for 4 years. When asked how in the world this could happen, the De-partment of Education of Alaska ex-plained: Well, the Alaska background checks looked at the State criminal registry but not the Federal registry. So they had no idea he was a wanton, despicable criminal and had such a record in other States. Had our bill been in force, Alaska would have been required to check the Federal registry. They would have discovered this before ever hiring this monster. 
This is the first part of our bill—this 
requirement we have these background checks. And again, there is nothing controversial here. The House of Rep-resentatives passed more expansive language unanimously in the last Con-gress. And a few months ago, as I men-tioned, we had a combined House and Senate vote of 523 votes in favor and 1 vote in opposition to the Child Care Development Block Grant Act which imposes appropriate and rigorous back-ground checks on those caring for our kids in daycare. That makes perfect 
sense. We should be screening out pedophiles from working in our daycares, but we also should be pro-viding the same level of protection to kids who are a little bit older, who are in grade school or middle school or high school. 
There is a second part to our legisla-
tion, and it addresses this outrageous practice of what is known as passing the trash. This is that unbelievable act that resulted in the death of Jeremy Bell, when a letter of recommendation allowed a known pedophile to be em-ployed in West Virginia. 
Our bill simply says if a State wants 
to receive Federal taxpayer money, it can’t knowingly help a child molester get a job somewhere else. How can this even be controversial? But the fact is this is an all too prevalent practice, and it is long past time we do some-thing about this. 
Two weeks ago, WUSA News 9 re-
ported some shocking news on the pub-lic school system of Montgomery Coun-ty, MD. Since 2011, 21 Montgomery County public school employees or con-tract workers have been investigated for child sex abuse or exploitation. The news station learned that the Mont-gomery County public school system ‘‘keeps a confidential database of per-sonnel who demonstrate inappropriate or suspicious behavior towards chil-dren.’’ 
This school system has this watch 
list of suspected abusers who are work-ing in the area’s schools, and WUSA 9 learned the school system had a record, a known record, of passing the trash. For example, elementary school teach-er Daniel Picca had been abusing chil-dren for 17 years. The school system knew about it. What did they do? The teacher’s punishment was to move him from one elementary school to another, again and again and again. There was 17 years of passing a known child mo-lester from 1 school to another. How many kids did he victimize? 
This has to stop. It is long overdue 
we do something about this, and there is a way we can. We can make it illegal to knowingly recommend a pedophile for employment somewhere else. That is what our bill does. 
Another example: Recently, in Las 
Vegas, NV, a kindergarten teacher was arrested for kidnapping a 16-year-old girl and infecting her with a sexually transmitted disease. This same teacher had molested six children—all fourth and fifth graders—several years before, but he did it in the Los Angeles school district. While the Los Angeles school district knew about the allegations in 2009, the school district recommended settling a lawsuit that alleged the teacher had molested these children. The Nevada school district specifically asked: Have there been any criminal concerns regarding this teacher? The Los Angeles school district didn’t only hide the truth, they provided three let-ters of recommendation—three ref-erences—for this teacher. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MR6.006 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1347 March 10, 2015 
Now for those people who say: Well, 
the States can fix this problem all on their own, I ask you: What could Ne-vada do to protect itself from what teachers or school districts are doing in Los Angeles? What could West Vir-ginia have done about a Pennsylvania school district that sent a teacher across the State line with a letter of recommendation? There is nothing one State can do to bind another State. This requires a Federal solution. 
Let me sum this up. The Toomey- 
Manchin bill offers a very simple prop-osition. If a school district wants to use Federal tax dollars to hire school employees, it has to make sure they are not hiring pedophiles in the proc-ess. I think that is pretty reasonable. Specifically, they need to perform background checks on any worker who comes in unsupervised contact with children, and they need to stop passing the trash. 
I can’t believe this is even controver-
sial. There is nobody who can stand here and say protections against child sex predators are not urgently needed, not in light of the daily revelations we are discovering. 
Again, this legislation has over-
whelming bipartisan support. It passed the House unanimously. How many bills pass the House unanimously these days? This did. And every Member of the House and Senate except one voted for even more extensive background checks to protect our youngest kids in childcare. Can’t we provide the same protection to slightly older kids? The legislation has been endorsed by innu-merable child advocate and law en-forcement groups, including the Na-tional Children’s Alliance, which ac-credits and represents the Nation’s 777 child advocacy centers. Yet I am afraid we are probably going to have some op-position voiced about this legislation when we offer the amendment. 
Let me be clear. First, we are not op-
posing a mandate on the States. We don’t have the legal authority to do that. What we are simply saying is if States want to take Federal funds, they need to protect children from vio-lent and sexual predators. If States don’t want to take those measures, then they can choose not to take Fed-eral funds. If a State has no interest in having a rigorous system for pro-tecting kids, well, that is their deci-sion, but we don’t have to send Federal tax dollars to pay the salaries of pedophiles. 
Let me conclude. This is a common-
sense bill. It is long overdue. It has very broad bipartisan support. It passed the House unanimously. As I said, in this body, all but one Member voted for an even more expansive back-ground check. 
Several Senators have voiced some 
specific concerns, and I am working with several of them. I am willing to work with Senators who want to find ways to constructively improve this bill, but I am not going to support a bill that waters down our ability to protect our kids from pedophiles in 
school. 
I hope this body will overwhelmingly 
adopt the legislation that passed the House unanimously, and we can begin to have a more thorough and effective process of protecting our kids. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Florida. 
Mr. NELSON. Is my understanding 
correct that it is the time for the mi-nority? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is correct. There is 24 minutes re-maining. 
Mr. NELSON. I thank the Chair. 
f 
AMERICAN FOREIGN POLICY 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, when 47 
Republican Senators signed a letter sent to the Ayatollah Khomeini, it was a letter that although supposedly in-structive of the constitutional provi-sions of the separation of government in the United States, in effect, it was a letter to erode the negotiating position of the President of the United States and his administration in trying to reach an agreement to not have a nu-clear weapon capability of building a bomb in Iran. 
I think history will show the 
strength of American foreign policy has always been bipartisanship when it comes to the interests of America as we look out and have to defend our-selves against our enemies. Indeed, Iran with a nuclear bomb would be one of the gravest threats to our national security as well as to our allies. It sad-dens me that we have come to the point where we are so divided that nearly half of the Senators, on a par-tisan basis, in this great institution of the U.S. Senate, would in effect try to cut the legs from underneath the Presi-dent and his administration in trying to reach an agreement to avert a nu-clear bomb. 
So much has been said about this 
issue, but one common theme runs throughout, and it is that people seem to know what the agreement is as it is being negotiated in secret. This Sen-ator will reserve judgment. This Sen-ator is also an original cosponsor of the bill we filed to have Congress weigh in on any future lifting of economic sanc-tions that have been imposed by the Congress, and this Senator feels that is an appropriate role, under the separa-tion of powers, of our job as Congress. But when we see a major part, on a par-tisan basis, of our government try to undercut and kill the negotiations while they are going on at this very moment in Geneva, then that goes a step too far. 
I am saddened. I think about what 
this Senator would have done when the President was not Barack Obama but George Bush. I cannot imagine that I would have tried to undercut the Presi-dent of the United States representing this country and trying, on matters of war and peace, to keep peace. We can disagree about the specifics, but we 
still have to honor the institution of the Presidency, and when it becomes matters of war and peace, then we have to unify. That is why I am so saddened that we have come to the point at which we appear to be so divided. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I 
thank my friend from Florida for his comments and I echo those this morn-ing. 
To the Presiding Officer and to the 
Members of the Senate, it was 70 years ago this year, in this very Chamber, that the Republican Senator from Michigan, Arthur Vandenberg, gave a speech which has been called the speech heard around the world. Here is how Senator Vandenberg opened that speech: 
Mr. President, there are critical moments 
in the life of every nation which call for the straightest, the plainest, and the most cou-rageous thinking of which we are capable. We confront such a moment now. It is not only desperately important to America, it is important to the world. It is important not only to the generation which lives in blood. It is important to future generations if they shall live in peace. 
This was after World War I and World 
War II, facing the Cold War and many challenges. 
Senator Vandenberg was no friend of 
Franklin Delano Roosevelt. He was, in fact, the biggest thorn in the Presi-dent’s side. He opposed every New Deal program. He was bitterly opposed to U.S. engagement in Europe before World War II. He was the Nation’s most famous isolationist and only mod-erated his stance after the bombing of Pearl Harbor. 
But 70 years ago Senator Vandenberg 
spoke on the floor of the Senate to warn his colleagues about what would happen if the United States of America allowed partisan politics to interfere in our Nation’s leadership in the world. He later became the chair of the Sen-ate Foreign Relations Committee, where he coined the phrase ‘‘politics stops at the water’s edge.’’ 
Politics stops at the water’s edge. His wisdom when it came to foreign 
policy—his understanding that for America to be strong, we must convey strength on the world’s stage—earned him a rare recognition, in fact, in this body. 
My colleagues will recognize this pic-
ture because it is a painting hanging in the room right outside this Chamber. I was honored to be there when it was unveiled—Senator Levin and myself—a few years ago. We are proud of this Re-publican Senator from Michigan. He has been given an honor that is shared by only a handful of Senators. In our Senate history, out of 1,963 Senators— men and women who have served—only a small group have been honored with a painting, a portrait just outside this Chamber, and he is one of them. 
I can only imagine what Senator 
Vandenberg would say if he were alive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MR6.007 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1348 March 10, 2015 
today. How would he react to a letter 
signed by 47 U.S. Senators, all of his own party, addressed to the leaders— those we have called enemies—of Iran? How would he react to Members of the U.S. Senate empowering Iranian hard- liners—those whom we have called en-emies time and time and time again— just to score political points against a President they do not like? 
To be clear, Senator Vandenberg 
loathed President Roosevelt, and by all accounts the feelings were mutual. Senator Vandenberg was no model of bipartisanship himself. He was not at all what we would call a moderate in his time. He may be considered a mod-erate today, but at the time he was ex-tremely partisan as a Republican, and he was very prominent. He disagreed with the President’s policies relating to Japan, but he didn’t send a letter to the Emperor of Japan undermining the foreign policy of the President of the United States. He disagreed with the President’s policies relating to Ger-many, but he did not send a letter to the chancellor of the Third Reich ex-pressing his disagreements with the President of the United States. 
To be clear, one of the great things 
about America is that we can and should and must disagree with the President when we disagree with direc-tions and policies. But when war hangs in the balance—and specifically when nuclear war hangs in the balance— should Members of the U.S. Senate be in a position of publicly undermining the President of the United States to our enemies? I do not believe Senator Vandenberg would have become pen pals with a group of extremists whose stated goal is ‘‘death to America.’’ 
It is shocking, dangerous, and deeply 
troubling to me that 47 Members of this body decided to throw away 70 years of wisdom to stand on the side of the Ayatollahs and the most extreme voices in Iran. 
When President Bush decided to in-
vade Iraq, I voted no. I voted against his policies. I spoke out publicly about my concerns about that war, but I never would have sent a letter to Sad-dam Hussein undermining the Presi-dent before that war happened. 
The chairs of the Senate Armed Serv-
ices Committee, the chairs of the Sen-ate Intelligence Committee, and the chair of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee at that time all opposed President Bush’s invasion of Iraq, but none of them penned a letter to Sad-dam Hussein. 
I do not have to wonder what Senator 
Vandenberg would have thought about all this because he told us. He told us 70 years ago in this very room when ex-plaining how partisanship and division would undermine our efforts in Europe. 
Senator Vandenberg said: 
It must mean one for all and all for one; 
and it will mean this—unless somewhere in this grand alliance the stupid and sinister folly of ulterior ambitions shall invite the enemy to postpone our victory through our own rivalries and our own confusion. So I urge my colleagues to hear the 
words of the Republican Senator from Michigan, Arthur Vandenberg. I urge them to stop the politics at the water’s edge. 
We are talking about the possibility 
of a nuclear Iran. We all agree that must not happen. We all agree that must not happen. We all agree that must not happen. We must stand to-gether with the smartest, most effec-tive strategy to make sure that does not happen. That is even more reason 
why this is not the time nor the place to score political points against the President of the opposite party. This is deadly serious for the United States, for Israel, and for the world. 
As the Senate saw fit to give Senator 
Vandenberg a place of high honor, re-served for only a few Senate leaders, just a few steps from here in the U.S. Capitol, I hope my colleagues will hear and take heed of his words now. 
He said: 
We cannot drift to victory. We must have 
maximum united effort on all fronts. . . . And we must deserve, we must deserve the continued united effort of our own people. . . . politics must stop at the water’s edge. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
FLAKE ). The assistant minority leader. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, how 
much time is remaining? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Nine 
minutes. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, let me 
commend my colleagues Senator N EL-
SONfrom Florida and Senator S TABE -
NOW from Michigan for their state-
ments. Senator N ELSON spoke from his 
heart and spoke for many of us on both sides of the aisle who feel this letter sent by 47 Senators undermines the ef-forts of the President of the United States to avoid a nuclear Iran and to 
avoid a military response. 
I particularly want to thank my col-
league Senator S
TABENOW from Michi-
gan for recalling that moment in his-tory which any student of the Senate knows was something that made a dif-ference in the foreign policy of the United States of America for 70 years. It is seldom that any of us comes to the floor and thinks that our speeches will be remembered for 70 minutes, but 70 years later Arthur Vandenberg, Re-publican of Michigan, set a standard for foreign policy which has guided our country since. At a time of deep polit-ical division after World War II, this self-described isolationist and ex-tremely conservative enemy of the New Deal stood and called for unity when it comes to foreign policy. His admoni-tion that politics should stop at the water’s edge has largely guided us. 
When we look at all the controversies 
that have ensued since then—think of the Vietnam war and what was going on in this body during that war, the deep divisions between Democrats and Republicans, those who were against the war and for the war. Yet there was never, ever anything like we have seen with this letter sent by 47 Republican Senators. I am glad it didn’t occur then, even 
though I had deep misgivings and trou-ble with the Vietnam war in its execu-tion. I would have had to have been reckless to endorse an idea that our Nation, through its Senate, would reach out to the Vietnamese during the course of that war, when so many lives were at stake and so many lives were lost. 
So here we are today—a letter sent 
by 47 Republican Senators. We have talked about the impact of that. Re-flect for a moment on the impact of that letter on our allies who are sitting at the table in Geneva, our allies who joined us in imposing the strictest sanctions in history on Iran to force them into negotiation, our allies, sit-ting with Secretary Kerry and rep-resentatives of our government, who must look at this letter from 47 Repub-licans and say: Why are we wasting our time? What they are saying is no mat-ter what we do—because no agreement has been announced—no matter what we do, the Republican Senate is going to reject it. That is what the letter says. 
It goes on to say—and this is a little 
bit of chutzpah according to the New York Times. The Senators signing the letter go on to remind the Ayatollah, who is not term-limited, that they have 6-year terms and may be around for decades—decades—and basically say to the Iranians: Don’t even waste your time thinking about negotiating. 
It is not a waste of time because the 
alternatives are absolutely horrifying. The alternative of a nuclear Iran would be a threat not only to the Nation of Israel and many other Middle Eastern States and countries beyond, in Europe and other places, but it would invite a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. The ending is totally unacceptable and unpredictable. 
So is it worth negotiating? Is it 
worth trying to find a way to avoid a nuclear Iran? Of course it is. Should the negotiations fail—and they might. I hope not because of this letter, but they might—then what do we face; bringing Iran to its knees with more sanctions? Whom will we call on for these sanctions? Whom will we turn to and say: Will you join us in a more strict sanctions regime? The very same allies who sat at this table and saw this letter from 47 Republican Senators saying to them: Don’t waste your time; we have the last word when it comes to Iran. 
I don’t believe the Republican leader-
ship was thinking clearly when they signed on to this letter. I don’t think they understood the gravity of their action. They certainly were premature, at the minimum. We don’t have an agreement. We are days away from un-derstanding whether there is a possi-bility of an agreement. Yet these 47 Senators have basically said: Don’t waste your time; we are not going to accept it no matter what it is. 
This is a sad outcome. Similar to the 
Senator from Michigan, I was 1 of 23 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MR6.009 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1349 March 10, 2015 
who voted against the invasion of Iraq. 
I never dreamed for one minute of sending a letter to Saddam Hussein be-fore that vote instructing him about the politics of America. It turns out that in the history of the Senate that has rarely, if ever, occurred. 
I hope now that those 47 Republican 
Senators will reflect on their actions and reflect on the impact it will have. I hope the American people understand the President is embarking on a very difficult and delicate mission to try to negotiate a verifiable end to the nu-clear arms race in the Middle East and specifically to end nuclear capability in Iran. He may not achieve it, but I re-spect him for trying. He is the Com-mander in Chief of the United States of America. He is the elected leader of our Nation. Though many in this Chamber cannot accept it, he is the President of the United States, and he deserves our respect. 
I respected President George W. 
Bush, even when I disagreed with him on his policies on Iraq, and we should expect nothing less of the loyal minor-ity when it comes to this President as well. 
I conclude by saying the Senate has 
an important role to play. But the President’s role, speaking for the United States—trying to avoid a nu-clear Iran, trying to avoid a military conflict, another war in the Middle East—is something that should not be undermined for political ambition. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I want to 
completely align myself with views of the distinguished Senator from Illinois. This isn’t a case of who can score polit-ical points for the evening news broad-cast. We are talking about potentially the lives of millions of people. We are talking about the possibility of a cata-clysmic mistake that could create havoc long after any of us has left this body. I have had the honor of rep-resenting Vermont in the Senate begin-ning at the time when Gerald Ford was President. 
We have had Presidents I have agreed 
with—in fact, with every President there have been things I agreed with and with every President, Democratic or Republican, there have been things I have disagreed with. But one thing I have always done when there are such negotiations going on, I am willing to talk to the President privately, but I am not going to state my position, for or against, publicly. We can only have one person negotiating for the United States. Can you imagine if everybody who wanted to rush to the cable news shows to get on TV were to say, well, here is our negotiating position—and we are going to force the President to leave the negotiating table? What do you think those countries that joined us in imposing multilateral sanctions would do? 
Many of those countries that joined 
us are doing so at great economic cost to themselves, but they responded— 
when President Obama went to each of them and asked: Will you join us in im-posing sanctions, they agreed. That made the sanctions far more effective. If they think we are not serious, they are going to be very tempted to ask: Why should we join you in supporting sanctions in the future? If the United States were alone in supporting sanc-tions, no matter what those sanctions are, it would not create any real pres-sure on Iran. 
Have we not made enough mistakes 
in the Middle East? I remember some who said we must go to war in Iraq be-cause it would protect Israel or because they had nuclear weapons or because they had weapons of mass destruction. None of that was true. None of it. I re-member people stopping me on the street, angry that I voted against the war in Iraq. They said: We heard Vice President Cheney say they have nu-clear weapons. I said: There are none. 
The senior Senator from Michigan, in 
quoting Arthur Vandenberg—he was no fan of Franklin Roosevelt, quite the opposite, but he did say, as we were going into World War II, ‘‘politics must stop at the water’s edge.’’ That has been the view in my own State of both Republicans and Democrats. 
Let’s stop rushing for the cameras 
and potentially hurting the Senate, po-tentially hurting the country. Let’s think about what is best for the coun-try. 
I see the distinguished chairman of 
the Senate Judiciary Committee on the floor, so I will yield the floor so he can speak. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF 
TRAFFICKING ACT OF 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to the consideration of S. 178, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 178) to provide justice for the vic-
tims of trafficking. 
Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to 
consider the bill, which had been re-ported from the Committee on the Ju-diciary, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
S. 178 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
TITLE I—JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF 
TRAFFICKING 
Sec. 101. Domestic Trafficking Victims’ Fund. 
Sec. 102. Clarifying the benefits and protections 
offered to domestic victims of human trafficking. Sec. 103. Victim-centered child human traf-
ficking deterrence block grant program. 
Sec. 104. Direct services for victims of child por-
nography. 
Sec. 105. Increasing compensation and restitu-
tion for trafficking victims. 
Sec. 106. Streamlining human trafficking inves-
tigations. 
Sec. 107. Enhancing human trafficking report-
ing. 
Sec. 108. Reducing demand for sex trafficking. Sec. 109. Sense of Congress. Sec. 110. Using existing task forces and compo-
nents to target offenders who ex-ploit children. 
Sec. 111. Targeting child predators. Sec. 112. Monitoring all human traffickers as 
violent criminals. 
Sec. 113. Crime victims’ rights. Sec. 114. Combat Human Trafficking Act. Sec. 115. Survivors of Human Trafficking Em-
powerment Act. 
Sec. 116. Bringing Missing Children Home Act. Sec. 117. Grant accountability. 
TITLE II—COMBATING HUMAN 
TRAFFICKING 
Subtitle A—Enhancing Services for Runaway 
and Homeless Victims of Youth Trafficking 
Sec. 201. Amendments to the Runaway and 
Homeless Youth Act. 
Subtitle B—Improving the Response to Victims 
of Child Sex Trafficking 
Sec. 211. Response to victims of child sex traf-
ficking. 
Subtitle C—Interagency Task Force to Monitor 
and Combat Trafficking 
Sec. 221. Victim of trafficking defined. 
Sec. 222. Interagency task force report on child 
trafficking primary prevention. 
Sec. 223. GAO Report on intervention. Sec. 224. Provision of housing permitted to pro-
tect and assist in the recovery of victims of trafficking. 
TITLE III—HERO ACT 
Sec. 301. Short title. 
Sec. 302. HERO Act. 
TITLE I—JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF 
TRAFFICKING 
SEC. 101. DOMESTIC TRAFFICKING VICTIMS’ 
FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 201 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 3014. Additional special assessment 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Beginning on the date of 
enactment of the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act of 2015 and ending on September, 30 2019, in addition to the assessment imposed under section 3013, the court shall assess an amount of $5,000 on any non-indigent person or entity convicted of an offense under— 
‘‘(1) chapter 77 (relating to peonage, slavery, 
and trafficking in persons); 
‘‘(2) chapter 109A (relating to sexual abuse); ‘‘(3) chapter 110 (relating to sexual exploi-
tation and other abuse of children); 
‘‘(4) chapter 117 (relating to transportation for 
illegal sexual activity and related crimes); or 
‘‘(5) section 274 of the Immigration and Na-
tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324) (relating to human smuggling), unless the person induced, assisted, abetted, or aided only an individual who at the time of such action was the alien’s spouse, par-ent, son, or daughter (and no other individual) to enter the United States in violation of law. 
‘‘(b) S
ATISFACTION OF OTHER COURT -ORDERED  
OBLIGATIONS .—An assessment under subsection 
(a) shall not be payable until the person subject to the assessment has satisfied all outstanding court-ordered fines and orders of restitution arising from the criminal convictions on which the special assessment is based. 
‘‘(c) E
STABLISHMENT OF DOMESTIC TRAF-
FICKING VICTIMS ’ FUND.—There is established in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\G10MR6.016 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1350 March 10, 2015 
the Treasury of the United States a fund, to be 
known as the ‘Domestic Trafficking Victims’ Fund’ (referred to in this section as the ‘Fund’), to be administered by the Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity and the Secretary of Health and Human Services. 
‘‘(d) D
EPOSITS .—Notwithstanding section 3302 
of title 31, or any other law regarding the cred-iting of money received for the Government, there shall be deposited in the Fund an amount equal to the amount of the assessments collected under this section, which shall remain available until expended. 
‘‘(e) U
SE OF FUNDS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From amounts in the Fund, 
in addition to any other amounts available, and without further appropriation, the Attorney General, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall, for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020, use amounts available in the Fund to award grants or en-hance victims’ programming under— 
‘‘(A) sections 202, 203, and 204 of the Traf-
ficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 14044a, 14044b, and 14044c); 
‘‘(B) subsections (b)(2) and (f) of section 107 of 
the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105); and 
‘‘(C) section 214(b) of the Victims of Child 
Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13002(b)). 
‘‘(2) G
RANTS .—Of the amounts in the Fund 
used under paragraph (1), not less than $2,000,000, if such amounts are available in the Fund during the relevant fiscal year, shall be used for grants to provide services for child por-nography victims under section 214(b) of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13002(b)). 
‘‘(3) L
IMITATIONS .—Amounts in the Fund, or 
otherwise transferred from the Fund, shall be subject to the limitations on the use or expend-ing of amounts described in sections 506 and 507 of division H of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2014 (Public Law 113–76; 128 Stat. 409) to the same extent as if amounts in the Fund were funds appropriated under division H of such Act. 
‘‘(f) T
RANSFERS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Effective on the day after 
the date of enactment of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015, on September 30 of each fiscal year, all unobligated balances in the Fund shall be transferred to the Crime Victims Fund established under section 1402 of the Vic-tims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10601). 
‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts transferred 
under paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) shall be available for any authorized 
purpose of the Crime Victims Fund; and 
‘‘(B) shall remain available until expended. ‘‘(g) C
OLLECTION METHOD .—The amount as-
sessed under subsection (a) shall, subject to sub-section (b), be collected in the manner that fines are collected in criminal cases. 
‘‘(h) D
URATION OF OBLIGATION .—Subject to 
section 3613(b), the obligation to pay an assess-ment imposed on or after the date of enactment of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015 shall not cease until the assessment is paid in full.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 201 of 
title 18, United States Code, is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 3013 the following: 
‘‘3014. Additional special assessment.’’. 
SEC. 102. CLARIFYING THE BENEFITS AND PRO-
TECTIONS OFFERED TO DOMESTIC VICTIMS OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING. 
Section 107(b)(1) of the Trafficking Victims 
Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(b)(1)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraphs (F) and 
(G) as subparagraphs (G) and (H), respectively; 
(2) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the 
following: ‘‘(F) N
O REQUIREMENT OF OFFICIAL CERTIFI -
CATION FOR UNITED STATES CITIZENS AND LAW -
FUL PERMANENT RESIDENTS .—Nothing in this 
section may be construed to require United States citizens or lawful permanent residents who are victims of severe forms of trafficking to obtain an official certification from the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services in order to access any of the specialized services described in this subsection or any other Federal benefits and protections to which they are otherwise en-titled.’’; and 
(3) in subparagraph (H), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘subparagraph (F)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (G)’’. 
SEC. 103. VICTIM-CENTERED CHILD HUMAN TRAF-
FICKING DETERRENCE BLOCK GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 203 of the Traf-
ficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 14044b) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 203. VICTIM-CENTERED CHILD HUMAN 
TRAFFICKING DETERRENCE BLOCK GRANT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .—The Attorney 
General may award block grants to an eligible entity to develop, improve, or expand domestic child human trafficking deterrence programs that assist law enforcement officers, prosecutors, judicial officials, and qualified victims’ services organizations in collaborating to rescue and re-store the lives of victims, while investigating and prosecuting offenses involving child human trafficking. 
‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Grants award-
ed under subsection (a) may be used for— 
‘‘(1) the establishment or enhancement of spe-
cialized training programs for law enforcement officers, first responders, health care officials, child welfare officials, juvenile justice per-sonnel, prosecutors, and judicial personnel to— 
‘‘(A) identify victims and acts of child human 
trafficking; 
‘‘(B) address the unique needs of child victims 
of human trafficking; 
‘‘(C) facilitate the rescue of child victims of 
human trafficking; 
‘‘(D) investigate and prosecute acts of human 
trafficking, including the soliciting, patronizing, or purchasing of commercial sex acts from chil-dren, as well as training to build cases against complex criminal networks involved in child human trafficking; and 
‘‘(E) utilize, implement, and provide education 
on safe harbor laws enacted by States, aimed at preventing the criminalization and prosecution of child sex trafficking victims for prostitution offenses, and other laws aimed at the investiga-tion and prosecution of child human trafficking; 
‘‘(2) the establishment or enhancement of 
dedicated anti-trafficking law enforcement units and task forces to investigate child human traf-ficking offenses and to rescue victims, includ-ing— 
‘‘(A) funding salaries, in whole or in part, for 
law enforcement officers, including patrol offi-cers, detectives, and investigators, except that the percentage of the salary of the law enforce-ment officer paid for by funds from a grant awarded under this section shall not be more than the percentage of the officer’s time on duty that is dedicated to working on cases involving child human trafficking; 
‘‘(B) investigation expenses for cases involving 
child human trafficking, including— 
‘‘(i) wire taps; ‘‘(ii) consultants with expertise specific to 
cases involving child human trafficking; 
‘‘(iii) travel; and ‘‘(iv) other technical assistance expenditures; ‘‘(C) dedicated anti-trafficking prosecution 
units, including the funding of salaries for State and local prosecutors, including assisting in paying trial expenses for prosecution of child human trafficking offenders, except that the percentage of the total salary of a State or local prosecutor that is paid using an award under this section shall be not more than the percent-
age of the total number of hours worked by the prosecutor that is spent working on cases in-volving child human trafficking; 
‘‘(D) the establishment of child human traf-
ficking victim witness safety, assistance, and re-location programs that encourage cooperation with law enforcement investigations of crimes of child human trafficking by leveraging existing resources and delivering child human traf-ficking victims’ services through coordination with— 
‘‘(i) child advocacy centers; 
‘‘(ii) social service agencies; ‘‘(iii) State governmental health service agen-
cies; 
‘‘(iv) housing agencies; ‘‘(v) legal services agencies; and ‘‘(vi) nongovernmental organizations and 
shelter service providers with substantial experi-ence in delivering wrap-around services to vic-tims of child human trafficking; and 
‘‘(E) the establishment or enhancement of 
other necessary victim assistance programs or personnel, such as victim or child advocates, child-protective services, child forensic inter-views, or other necessary service providers; and 
‘‘(3) the establishment or enhancement of 
problem solving court programs for trafficking victims that include— 
‘‘(A) mandatory and regular training require-
ments for judicial officials involved in the ad-ministration or operation of the court program described under this paragraph; 
‘‘(B) continuing judicial supervision of victims 
of child human trafficking, including case worker or child welfare supervision in collabora-tion with judicial officers, who have been identi-fied by a law enforcement or judicial officer as a potential victim of child human trafficking, regardless of whether the victim has been charged with a crime related to human traf-ficking; 
‘‘(C) the development of a specialized and in-
dividualized, court-ordered treatment program for identified victims of child human trafficking, including— 
‘‘(i) State-administered outpatient treatment; ‘‘(ii) life skills training; ‘‘(iii) housing placement; ‘‘(iv) vocational training; ‘‘(v) education; ‘‘(vi) family support services; and ‘‘(vii) job placement; ‘‘(D) centralized case management involving 
the consolidation of all of each child human trafficking victim’s cases and offenses, and the coordination of all trafficking victim treatment programs and social services; 
‘‘(E) regular and mandatory court appear-
ances by the victim during the duration of the treatment program for purposes of ensuring compliance and effectiveness; 
‘‘(F) the ultimate dismissal of relevant non- 
violent criminal charges against the victim, where such victim successfully complies with the terms of the court-ordered treatment program; and 
‘‘(G) collaborative efforts with child advocacy 
centers, child welfare agencies, shelters, and nongovernmental organizations with substantial experience in delivering wrap-around services to victims of child human trafficking to provide services to victims and encourage cooperation with law enforcement. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity shall sub-
mit an application to the Attorney General for a grant under this section in such form and manner as the Attorney General may require. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION .—An application 
submitted under this subsection shall— 
‘‘(A) describe the activities for which assist-
ance under this section is sought; 
‘‘(B) include a detailed plan for the use of 
funds awarded under the grant; 
‘‘(C) provide such additional information and 
assurances as the Attorney General determines 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10MR6.001 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1351 March 10, 2015 
to be necessary to ensure compliance with the 
requirements of this section; and 
‘‘(D) disclose— ‘‘(i) any other grant funding from the Depart-
ment of Justice or from any other Federal de-partment or agency for purposes similar to those described in subsection (b) for which the eligible entity has applied, and which application is pending on the date of the submission of an ap-plication under this section; and 
‘‘(ii) any other such grant funding that the el-
igible entity has received during the 5-year pe-riod ending on the date of the submission of an application under this section. 
‘‘(3) P
REFERENCE .—In reviewing applications 
submitted in accordance with paragraphs (1) and (2), the Attorney General shall give pref-erence to grant applications if— 
‘‘(A) the application includes a plan to use 
awarded funds to engage in all activities de-scribed under paragraphs (1) through (3) of sub-section (b); or 
‘‘(B) the application includes a plan by the 
State or unit of local government to continue funding of all activities funded by the award after the expiration of the award. 
‘‘(d) D
URATION AND RENEWAL OF AWARD .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A grant under this section 
shall expire 3 years after the date of award of the grant. 
‘‘(2) R
ENEWAL .—A grant under this section 
shall be renewable not more than 2 times and for a period of not greater than 2 years. 
‘‘(e) E
VALUATION .—The Attorney General 
shall— 
‘‘(1) enter into a contract with a nongovern-
mental organization, including an academic or nonprofit organization, that has experience with issues related to child human trafficking and evaluation of grant programs to conduct periodic evaluations of grants made under this section to determine the impact and effective-ness of programs funded with grants awarded under this section; 
‘‘(2) instruct the Inspector General of the De-
partment of Justice to review evaluations issued under paragraph (1) to determine the methodo-logical and statistical validity of the evalua-tions; and 
‘‘(3) submit the results of any evaluation con-
ducted pursuant to paragraph (1) to— 
‘‘(A) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
Senate; and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
House of Representatives. 
‘‘(f) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—An eligible en-
tity awarded funds under this section that is found to have used grant funds for any unau-thorized expenditure or otherwise unallowable cost shall not be eligible for any grant funds awarded under the block grant for 2 fiscal years following the year in which the unauthorized expenditure or unallowable cost is reported. 
‘‘(g) C
OMPLIANCE REQUIREMENT .—An eligible 
entity shall not be eligible to receive a grant under this section if within the 5 fiscal years be-fore submitting an application for a grant under this section, the grantee has been found to have violated the terms or conditions of a Government grant program by utilizing grant funds for un-authorized expenditures or otherwise unallow-able costs. 
‘‘(h) A
DMINISTRATIVE CAP.—The cost of ad-
ministering the grants authorized by this section shall not exceed 5 percent of the total amount expended to carry out this section. 
‘‘(i) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
the cost of a program funded by a grant award-ed under this section shall be— 
‘‘(1) 70 percent in the first year; ‘‘(2) 60 percent in the second year; and ‘‘(3) 50 percent in the third year, and in all 
subsequent years. 
‘‘(j) A
UTHORIZATION OF FUNDING ; FULLY OFF-
SET.—For purposes of carrying out this section, 
the Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, is au-thorized to award not more than $7,000,000 of the funds available in the Domestic Trafficking 
Victims’ Fund, established under section 3014 of title 18, United States Code, for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
‘‘(k) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘child’ means a person under the 
age of 18; 
‘‘(2) the term ‘child advocacy center’ means a 
center created under subtitle A of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13001 et seq.); 
‘‘(3) the term ‘child human trafficking’ means 
1 or more severe forms of trafficking in persons (as defined in section 103 of the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)) in-volving a victim who is a child; and 
‘‘(4) the term ‘eligible entity’ means a State or 
unit of local government that— 
‘‘(A) has significant criminal activity involv-
ing child human trafficking; 
‘‘(B) has demonstrated cooperation between 
Federal, State, local, and, where applicable, tribal law enforcement agencies, prosecutors, and social service providers in addressing child human trafficking; 
‘‘(C) has developed a workable, multi-discipli-
nary plan to combat child human trafficking, including— 
‘‘(i) the establishment of a shelter for victims 
of child human trafficking, through existing or new facilities; 
‘‘(ii) the provision of trauma-informed, gen-
der-responsive rehabilitative care to victims of child human trafficking; 
‘‘(iii) the provision of specialized training for 
law enforcement officers and social service pro-viders for all forms of human trafficking, with a focus on domestic child human trafficking; 
‘‘(iv) prevention, deterrence, and prosecution 
of offenses involving child human trafficking, including soliciting, patronizing, or purchasing human acts with children; 
‘‘(v) cooperation or referral agreements with 
organizations providing outreach or other re-lated services to runaway and homeless youth; 
‘‘(vi) law enforcement protocols or procedures 
to screen all individuals arrested for prostitu-tion, whether adult or child, for victimization by sex trafficking and by other crimes, such as sex-ual assault and domestic violence; and 
‘‘(vii) cooperation or referral agreements with 
State child welfare agencies and child advocacy centers; and 
‘‘(D) provides an assurance that, under the 
plan under subparagraph (C), a victim of child human trafficking shall not be required to col-laborate with law enforcement officers to have access to any shelter or services provided with a grant under this section. 
‘‘(l) G
RANT ACCOUNTABILITY ; S PECIALIZED  
VICTIMS ’ S ERVICE REQUIREMENT .—No grant 
funds under this section may be awarded or transferred to any entity unless such entity has demonstrated substantial experience providing services to victims of human trafficking or re-lated populations (such as runaway and home-less youth), or employs staff specialized in the treatment of human trafficking victims.’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents in section 1(b) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (22 U.S.C. 7101 note) is amended by striking the item relating to section 203 and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘Sec. 203. Victim-centered child human traf-
ficking deterrence block grant program.’’. 
SEC. 104. DIRECT SERVICES FOR VICTIMS OF 
CHILD PORNOGRAPHY. 
The Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 
U.S.C. 13001 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 212(5) (42 U.S.C. 13001a(5)), by 
inserting ‘‘, including human trafficking and the production of child pornography’’ before the semicolon at the end; and 
(2) in section 214 (42 U.S.C. 13002)— (A) by redesignating subsections (b), (c), and 
(d) as subsections (c), (d), and (e), respectively; and (B) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(b) D
IRECT SERVICES FOR VICTIMS OF CHILD 
PORNOGRAPHY .—The Administrator, in coordi-
nation with the Director and with the Director of the Office of Victims of Crime, may make grants to develop and implement specialized pro-grams to identify and provide direct services to victims of child pornography.’’. 
SEC. 105. INCREASING COMPENSATION AND RES-
TITUTION FOR TRAFFICKING VIC-TIMS. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO TITLE18.—Section 1594 of 
title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘that was used or’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘that was involved in, used, or’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘, and any property traceable 
to such property’’ after ‘‘such violation’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, or any 
property traceable to such property’’ after ‘‘such violation’’; 
(2) in subsection (e)(1)(A)— (A) by striking ‘‘used or’’ and inserting ‘‘in-
volved in, used, or’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘, and any property traceable 
to such property’’ after ‘‘any violation of this chapter’’; 
(3) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-
section (g); and 
(4) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(f) T
RANSFER OF FORFEITED ASSETS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of law, the Attorney General shall transfer assets forfeited pursuant to this section, or the proceeds derived from the sale thereof, to satisfy victim restitution orders arising from vio-lations of this chapter. 
‘‘(2) P
RIORITY .—Transfers pursuant to para-
graph (1) shall have priority over any other claims to the assets or their proceeds. 
‘‘(3) U
SE OF NONFORFEITED ASSETS .—Transfers 
pursuant to paragraph (1) shall not reduce or otherwise mitigate the obligation of a person convicted of a violation of this chapter to satisfy the full amount of a restitution order through the use of non-forfeited assets or to reimburse the Attorney General for the value of assets or proceeds transferred under this subsection through the use of nonforfeited assets.’’. 
(b) A
MENDMENT TO TITLE 28.—Section 
524(c)(1)(B) of title 28, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘chapter 77 of title 18,’’ after ‘‘criminal drug laws of the United States or of’’. 
(c) A
MENDMENTS TO TITLE31.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 97 of title 31, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(A) by redesignating section 9703 (as added by 
section 638(b)(1) of the Treasury, Postal Service, and General Government Appropriations Act, 1993 (Public Law 102–393; 106 Stat. 1779)) as sec-tion 9705; and 
(B) in section 9705(a), as redesignated— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in subparagraph (I)— (aa) by striking ‘‘payment’’ and inserting 
‘‘Payment’’; and 
(bb) by striking the semicolon at the end and 
inserting a period; and 
(II) in subparagraph (J), by striking ‘‘pay-
ment’’ and inserting ‘‘Payment’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) in subparagraph (B)— (aa) in clause (iii)— (AA) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘or’’ and in-
serting ‘‘of’’; and 
(BB) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(bb) in clause (iv), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(cc) by inserting after clause (iv) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(v) United States Immigration and Customs 
Enforcement with respect to a violation of chap-ter 77 of title 18 (relating to human traf-ficking);’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10MR6.001 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1352 March 10, 2015 
(II) in subparagraph (G), by adding ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; and 
(III) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘; and’’ 
and inserting a period. 
(2) T ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(A) C ROSS REFERENCES .— 
(i) T ITLE 28 .—Section 524(c) of title 28, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(I) in paragraph (4)(C), by striking ‘‘section 
9703(g)(4)(A)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9705(g)(4)(A)’’; 
(II) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘section 
9703(p)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9705(o)’’; and 
(III) in paragraph (11), by striking ‘‘section 
9703’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9705’’. 
(ii) T
ITLE 31 .—Title 31, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(I) in section 312(d), by striking ‘‘section 9703’’ 
and inserting ‘‘section 9705’’; and 
(II) in section 5340(1), by striking ‘‘section 
9703(p)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9705(o)’’. 
(iii) T ITLE 39 .—Section 2003(e)(1) of title 39, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 9703(p)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9705(o)’’. 
(B) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sections 
for chapter 97 of title 31, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘9701. Fees and charges for Government services 
and things of value. 
‘‘9702. Investment of trust funds. ‘‘9703. Managerial accountability and flexi-
bility. 
‘‘9704. Pilot projects for managerial account-
ability and flexibility. 
‘‘9705. Department of the Treasury Forfeiture 
Fund.’’. 
SEC. 106. STREAMLINING HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
INVESTIGATIONS. 
Section 2516 of title 18, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (a), by inserting a comma 
after ‘‘weapons)’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (c)— (i) by inserting ‘‘section 1581 (peonage), sec-
tion 1584 (involuntary servitude), section 1589 (forced labor), section 1590 (trafficking with re-spect to peonage, slavery, involuntary servitude, or forced labor),’’ before ‘‘section 1591’’; 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘section 1592 (unlawful con-
duct with respect to documents in furtherance of trafficking, peonage, slavery, involuntary servitude, or forced labor),’’ before ‘‘section 1751’’; 
(iii) by inserting a comma after ‘‘virus)’’; (iv) by striking ‘‘,, section’’ and inserting a 
comma; 
(v) by striking ‘‘or’’ after ‘‘misuse of pass-
ports),’’; and 
(vi) by inserting ‘‘or’’ before ‘‘section 555’’; (C) in subparagraph (j), by striking ‘‘pipe-
line,)’’ and inserting ‘‘pipeline),’’; and 
(D) in subparagraph (p), by striking ‘‘docu-
ments, section 1028A (relating to aggravated identity theft))’’ and inserting ‘‘documents), sec-tion 1028A (relating to aggravated identity theft)’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘human 
trafficking, child sexual exploitation, child por-nography production,’’ after ‘‘kidnapping’’. 
SEC. 107. ENHANCING HUMAN TRAFFICKING RE-
PORTING. 
Section 505 of title I of the Omnibus Crime 
Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3755) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(i) P
ART 1 V IOLENT CRIMES TOINCLUDE  
HUMAN TRAFFICKING .—For purposes of this sec-
tion, the term ‘part 1 violent crimes’ shall in-clude severe forms of trafficking in persons (as defined in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)).’’. 
SEC. 108. REDUCING DEMAND FOR SEX TRAF-
FICKING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1591 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘or main-
tains’’ and inserting ‘‘maintains, patronizes, or solicits’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or ob-
tained’’ and inserting ‘‘obtained, patronized, or solicited’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or ob-
tained’’ and inserting ‘‘obtained, patronized, or solicited’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘or maintained’’ and inserting 
‘‘, maintained, patronized, or solicited’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘knew that the person’’ and 
inserting ‘‘knew, or recklessly disregarded the fact, that the person’’. 
(b) D
EFINITION AMENDED .—Section 103(10) of 
the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(10)) is amended by striking ‘‘or obtaining’’ and inserting ‘‘obtaining, patron-izing, or soliciting’’. 
(c) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the amendments 
made by this section is to clarify the range of conduct punished as sex trafficking. 
SEC. 109. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) section 1591 of title 18, United States Code, 
defines a sex trafficker as a person who ‘‘know-ingly. . .recruits, entices, harbors, transports, provides, obtains, or maintains by any means a person. . .knowing, or in reckless disregard of the fact, that means of force, threats of force, fraud, coercion. . .or any combination of such means will be used to cause the person to engage in a commercial sex act, or that the person has not attained the age of 18 years and will be caused to engage in a commercial sex act’’; 
(2) while use of the word ‘‘obtains’’ in section 
1591, United States Code, has been interpreted, prior to the date of enactment of this Act, to en-compass those who purchase illicit sexual acts from trafficking victims, some confusion persists; 
(3) in United States vs. Jungers, 702 F.3d 1066 
(8th Cir. 2013), the United States Court of Ap-peals for the Eighth Circuit ruled that section 1591 of title 18, United States Code, applied to persons who purchase illicit sexual acts with trafficking victims after the United States Dis-trict Court for the District of South Dakota er-roneously granted motions to acquit these buy-ers in two separate cases; and 
(4) section 108 of this title amends section 1591 
of title 18, United States Code, to add the words ‘‘solicits or patronizes’’ to the sex trafficking statute making absolutely clear for judges, ju-ries, prosecutors, and law enforcement officials that criminals who purchase sexual acts from human trafficking victims may be arrested, pros-ecuted, and convicted as sex trafficking offend-ers when this is merited by the facts of a par-ticular case. 
SEC. 110. USING EXISTING TASK FORCES AND 
COMPONENTS TO TARGET OFFEND-ERS WHO EXPLOIT CHILDREN. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Attorney General shall ensure that— 
(1) all task forces and working groups within 
the Innocence Lost National Initiative engage in activities, programs, or operations to increase the investigative capabilities of State and local law enforcement officers in the detection, inves-tigation, and prosecution of persons who pa-tronize, or solicit children for sex; and 
(2) all components and task forces with juris-
diction to detect, investigate, and prosecute cases of child labor trafficking engage in activi-ties, programs, or operations to increase the ca-pacity of such components to deter and punish child labor trafficking. 
SEC. 111. TARGETING CHILD PREDATORS. 
(a) C LARIFYING THAT CHILD PORNOGRAPHY  
PRODUCERS AREHUMAN TRAFFICKERS .—Section 
2423(f) of title 18, United States Code, is amend-ed— 
(1) by striking ‘‘means (1) a’’ and inserting 
the following: ‘‘means— ‘‘(1) a’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘United States; or (2) any’’ and 
inserting the following: ‘‘United States; 
‘‘(2) any’’; and (3) by striking the period at the end and in-
serting the following: ‘‘; or 
‘‘(3) production of child pornography (as de-
fined in section 2256(8)).’’. 
(b) H
OLDING SEXTRAFFICKERS ACCOUNT -
ABLE.—Section 2423(g) of title 18, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘a preponderance of the evidence’’ and inserting ‘‘clear and con-vincing evidence’’. 
SEC. 112. MONITORING ALL HUMAN TRAFFICKERS 
AS VIOLENT CRIMINALS. 
Section 3156(a)(4)(C) of title 18, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘77,’’ after ‘‘chapter’’. 
SEC. 113. CRIME VICTIMS’ RIGHTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3771 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the 
following: 
‘‘(9) The right to be informed in a timely man-
ner of any plea bargain or deferred prosecution agreement. 
‘‘(10) The right to be informed of the rights 
under this section and the services described in section 503(c) of the Victims’ Rights and Restitu-tion Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 10607(c)) and pro-vided contact information for the Office of the Victims’ Rights Ombudsman of the Department of Justice.’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)(3), in the fifth sentence, 
by inserting ‘‘, unless the litigants, with the ap-proval of the court, have stipulated to a dif-ferent time period for consideration’’ before the period; and 
(3) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking ‘‘this chapter, the term’’ and 
inserting the following: ‘‘this chapter: 
‘‘(1) C
OURT OF APPEALS .—The term ‘court of 
appeals’ means— 
‘‘(A) the United States court of appeals for the 
judicial district in which a defendant is being prosecuted; or 
‘‘(B) for a prosecution in the Superior Court 
of the District of Columbia, the District of Co-lumbia Court of Appeals. 
‘‘(2) C
RIME VICTIM .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘In the case’’ and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(B) M INORS AND CERTAIN OTHER VICTIMS .—In 
the case’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) D
ISTRICT COURT ; COURT .—The terms ‘dis-
trict court’ and ‘court’ include the Superior Court of the District of Columbia.’’. 
(b) C
RIME VICTIMS FUND.—Section 
1402(d)(3)(A)(i) of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10601(d)(3)(A)(i)) is amended by inserting ‘‘section’’ before ‘‘3771’’. 
(c) A
PPELLATE REVIEW OF PETITIONS RELAT-
ING TO CRIME VICTIMS ’ RIGHTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 3771(d)(3) of title 18, 
United States Code, as amended by subsection (a)(2) of this section, is amended by inserting after the fifth sentence the following: ‘‘In decid-ing such application, the court of appeals shall apply ordinary standards of appellate review.’’. 
(2) A
PPLICATION .—The amendment made by 
paragraph (1) shall apply with respect to any petition for a writ of mandamus filed under sec-tion 3771(d)(3) of title 18, United States Code, that is pending on the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 114. COMBAT HUMAN TRAFFICKING ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited 
as the ‘‘Combat Human Trafficking Act of 2015’’. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C OMMERCIAL SEX ACT ; SEVERE FORMS OF  
TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS ; STATE ; TASK FORCE .— 
The terms ‘‘commercial sex act’’, ‘‘severe forms of trafficking in persons’’, ‘‘State’’, and ‘‘Task Force’’ have the meanings given those terms in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10MR6.001 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1353 March 10, 2015 
section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection 
Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
(2) C OVERED OFFENDER .—The term ‘‘covered 
offender’’ means an individual who obtains, pa-tronizes, or solicits a commercial sex act involv-ing a person subject to severe forms of traf-ficking in persons. 
(3) C
OVERED OFFENSE .—The term ‘‘covered of-
fense’’ means the provision, obtaining, patron-izing, or soliciting of a commercial sex act in-volving a person subject to severe forms of traf-ficking in persons. 
(4) F
EDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER .— 
The term ‘‘Federal law enforcement officer’’ has the meaning given the term in section 115 of title 18, United States Code. 
(5) L
OCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER .—The 
term ‘‘local law enforcement officer’’ means any officer, agent, or employee of a unit of local gov-ernment authorized by law or by a local govern-ment agency to engage in or supervise the pre-vention, detection, investigation, or prosecution of any violation of criminal law. 
(6) S
TATE LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER .—The 
term ‘‘State law enforcement officer’’ means any officer, agent, or employee of a State authorized by law or by a State government agency to en-gage in or supervise the prevention, detection, investigation, or prosecution of any violation of criminal law. 
(c) D
EPARTMENT OF JUSTICE TRAINING AND  
POLICY FOR LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS , 
PROSECUTORS , ANDJUDGES .— 
(1) T RAINING .— 
(A) L AW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS .—The Attor-
ney General shall ensure that each anti-human trafficking program operated by the Department of Justice, including each anti-human traf-ficking training program for Federal, State, or local law enforcement officers, includes tech-nical training on— 
(i) effective methods for investigating and 
prosecuting covered offenders; and 
(ii) facilitating the provision of physical and 
mental health services by health care providers to persons subject to severe forms of trafficking in persons. 
(B) F
EDERAL PROSECUTORS .—The Attorney 
General shall ensure that each anti-human traf-ficking program operated by the Department of Justice for United States attorneys or other Fed-eral prosecutors includes training on seeking restitution for offenses under chapter 77 of title 18, United States Code, to ensure that each United States attorney or other Federal pros-ecutor, upon obtaining a conviction for such an offense, requests a specific amount of restitution for each victim of the offense without regard to whether the victim requests restitution. 
(C) J
UDGES .—The Federal Judicial Center 
shall provide training to judges relating to the application of section 1593 of title 18, United States Code, with respect to ordering restitution for victims of offenses under chapter 77 of such title. 
(2) P
OLICY FOR FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT  
OFFICERS .—The Attorney General shall ensure 
that Federal law enforcement officers are en-gaged in activities, programs, or operations in-volving the detection, investigation, and pros-ecution of covered offenders. 
(d) M
INIMUM PERIOD OF SUPERVISED RELEASE  
FOR CONSPIRACY TOCOMMIT COMMERCIAL  
CHILD SEXTRAFFICKING .—Section 3583(k) of 
title 18, United States Code, is amended by in-serting ‘‘1594(c),’’ after ‘‘1591,’’. 
(e) B
UREAU OF JUSTICE STATISTICS REPORT ON  
STATE ENFORCEMENT OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING  
PROHIBITIONS .—The Director of the Bureau of 
Justice Statistics shall— 
(1) prepare an annual report on— (A) the rates of— (i) arrest of individuals by State law enforce-
ment officers for a covered offense; 
(ii) prosecution (including specific charges) of 
individuals in State court systems for a covered offense; and 
(iii) conviction of individuals in State court 
systems for a covered offense; and (B) sentences imposed on individuals con-
victed in State court systems for a covered of-fense; and 
(2) submit the annual report prepared under 
paragraph (1) to— 
(A) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
House of Representatives; 
(B) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-
ate; 
(C) the Task Force; (D) the Senior Policy Operating Group estab-
lished under section 105(g) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(g)); and 
(E) the Attorney General. 
SEC. 115. SURVIVORS OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
EMPOWERMENT ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited 
as the ‘‘Survivors of Human Trafficking Em-powerment Act’’. 
(b) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established the 
United States Advisory Council on Human Traf-ficking (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Coun-cil’’), which shall provide advice and rec-ommendations to the Senior Policy Operating Group established under section 105(g) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(g)) (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Group’’) and the President’s Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking estab-lished under section 105(a) of such Act (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Task Force’’). 
(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
(1) C OMPOSITION .—The Council shall be com-
posed of not less than 8 and not more than 14 individuals who are survivors of human traf-ficking. 
(2) R
EPRESENTATION OF SURVIVORS .—To the 
extent practicable, members of the Council shall be survivors of trafficking, who shall accurately reflect the diverse backgrounds of survivors of trafficking, including— 
(A) survivors of sex trafficking and survivors 
of labor trafficking; and 
(B) survivors who are United States citizens 
and survivors who are aliens lawfully present in the United States. 
(3) A
PPOINTMENT .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the President shall appoint the members of the Council. 
(4) T
ERM; REAPPOINTMENT .—Each member of 
the Council shall serve for a term of 2 years and may be reappointed by the President to serve 1 additional 2-year term. 
(d) F
UNCTIONS .—The Council shall— 
(1) be a nongovernmental advisory body to the 
Group; 
(2) meet, at its own discretion or at the request 
of the Group, not less frequently than annually to review Federal Government policy and pro-grams intended to combat human trafficking, including programs relating to the provision of services for victims and serve as a point of con-tact for Federal agencies reaching out to human trafficking survivors for input on programming and policies relating to human trafficking in the United States; 
(3) formulate assessments and recommenda-
tions to ensure that policy and programming ef-forts of the Federal Government conform, to the extent practicable, to the best practices in the field of human trafficking prevention; and 
(4) meet with the Group not less frequently 
than annually, and not later than 45 days be-fore a meeting with the Task Force, to formally present the findings and recommendations of the Council. 
(e) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of enactment of this Act and each year thereafter until the date described in subsection (h), the Council shall submit a report that con-tains the findings derived from the reviews con-ducted pursuant to subsection (d)(2) to— 
(1) the chair of the Task Force; (2) the members of the Group; (3) the Committees on Foreign Affairs, Home-
land Security, Appropriations, and the Judici-ary of the House of Representatives; and (4) the Committees on Foreign Relations, Ap-
propriations, Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, and the Judiciary of the Senate. 
(f) E
MPLOYEE STATUS .—Members of the Coun-
cil— 
(1) shall not be considered employees of the 
Federal Government for any purpose; and 
(2) shall not receive compensation other than 
reimbursement of travel expenses and per diem allowance in accordance with section 5703 of title 5, United States Code. 
(g) N
ONAPPLICABILITY OF FACA.—The Coun-
cil shall not be subject to the requirements under the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). 
(h) S
UNSET .—The Council shall terminate on 
September 30, 2020. 
SEC. 116. BRINGING MISSING CHILDREN HOME 
ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited 
as the ‘‘Bringing Missing Children Home Act’’. 
(b) C RIME CONTROL ACTAMENDMENTS .—Sec-
tion 3702 of the Crime Control Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 5780) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and 
(C) as subparagraphs (C) and (D), respectively; and 
(B) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following: 
‘‘(B) a recent photograph of the child, if 
available;’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (4)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (3)’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘60 days’’ and inserting ‘‘30 
days’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘and a photograph taken 
during the previous 180 days’’ after ‘‘dental records’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(D) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as sub-
paragraph (D); 
(E) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the 
following: 
‘‘(C) notify the National Center for Missing 
and Exploited Children of each report received relating to a child reported missing from a foster care family home or childcare institution;’’; 
(F) in subparagraph (D), as redesignated— (i) by inserting ‘‘State and local child welfare 
systems and’’ before ‘‘the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children’’; and 
(ii) by striking the period at the end and in-
serting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(G) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(E) grant permission to the National Crime 
Information Center Terminal Contractor for the State to update the missing person record in the National Crime Information Center computer networks with additional information learned during the investigation relating to the missing person.’’. 
SEC. 117. GRANT ACCOUNTABILITY. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘covered grant’’ means a grant awarded by the Attorney General under section 203 of the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 14044b), as amended by section 103. 
(b) A
CCOUNTABILITY .—All covered grants shall 
be subject to the following accountability provi-sions: 
(1) A
UDIT REQUIREMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Beginning in the first fiscal 
year beginning after the date of enactment of this Act, and in each fiscal year thereafter, the Inspector General of the Department of Justice shall conduct audits of recipients of a covered grant to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds by grantees. The Inspector General shall determine the appropriate number of grantees to be audited each year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10MR6.001 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1354 March 10, 2015 
(B) D EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the term 
‘‘unresolved audit finding’’ means a finding in the final audit report of the Inspector General that the audited grantee has utilized grant funds for an unauthorized expenditure or other-wise unallowable cost that is not closed or re-solved within 12 months from the date when the final audit report is issued. 
(C) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—A recipient of a 
covered grant that is found to have an unre-solved audit finding shall not be eligible to re-ceive a covered grant during the following 2 fis-cal years. 
(D) P
RIORITY .—In awarding covered grants 
the Attorney General shall give priority to eligi-ble entities that did not have an unresolved audit finding during the 3 fiscal years prior to submitting an application for a covered grant. 
(E) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—If an entity is awarded 
a covered grant during the 2-fiscal-year period in which the entity is barred from receiving grants under subparagraph (C), the Attorney General shall— 
(i) deposit an amount equal to the grant funds 
that were improperly awarded to the grantee into the General Fund of the Treasury; and 
(ii) seek to recoup the costs of the repayment 
to the fund from the grant recipient that was er-roneously awarded grant funds. 
(2) N
ONPROFIT ORGANIZATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
(A) D EFINITION .—For purposes of this para-
graph and covered grants, the term ‘‘nonprofit organization’’ means an organization that is de-scribed in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 and is exempt from taxation 
under section 501(a) of such Code. 
(B) P
ROHIBITION .—The Attorney General may 
not award a covered grant to a nonprofit orga-nization that holds money in offshore accounts for the purpose of avoiding paying the tax de-scribed in section 511(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
(C) D
ISCLOSURE .—Each nonprofit organiza-
tion that is awarded a covered grant and uses the procedures prescribed in regulations to cre-ate a rebuttable presumption of reasonableness for the compensation of its officers, directors, trustees and key employees, shall disclose to the Attorney General, in the application for the grant, the process for determining such com-pensation, including the independent persons involved in reviewing and approving such com-pensation, the comparability data used, and contemporaneous substantiation of the delibera-tion and decision. Upon request, the Attorney General shall make the information disclosed under this subsection available for public in-spection. 
(3) C
ONFERENCE EXPENDITURES .— 
(A) L IMITATION .—No amounts transferred to 
the Department of Justice under this title, or the amendments made by this title, may be used by the Attorney General, or by any individual or organization awarded discretionary funds through a cooperative agreement under this title, or the amendments made by this title, to host or support any expenditure for conferences that uses more than $20,000 in Department funds, unless the Deputy Attorney General or such Assistant Attorney Generals, Directors, or principal deputies as the Deputy Attorney Gen-eral may designate, provides prior written au-thorization that the funds may be expended to host a conference. 
(B) W
RITTEN APPROVAL .—Written approval 
under subparagraph (A) shall include a written estimate of all costs associated with the con-ference, including the cost of all food and bev-erages, audiovisual equipment, honoraria for speakers, and any entertainment. 
(C) R
EPORT .—The Deputy Attorney General 
shall submit an annual report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-resentatives on all approved conference expendi-tures referenced in this paragraph. 
(D) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATION .—Beginning in the 
first fiscal year beginning after the date of en-actment of this title, the Attorney General shall 
submit, to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, an annual certification that— 
(i) all audits issued by the Office of the In-
spector General under paragraph (1) have been completed and reviewed by the appropriate As-sistant Attorney General or Director; 
(ii) all mandatory exclusions required under 
paragraph (1)(C) have been issued; 
(iii) all reimbursements required under para-
graph (1)(E) have been made; and 
(iv) includes a list of any grant recipients ex-
cluded under paragraph (1) from the previous year. 
(4) P
ROHIBITION ON LOBBYING ACTIVITY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Amounts awarded under 
this title, or any amendments made by this title, may not be utilized by any grant recipient to— 
(i) lobby any representative of the Department 
of Justice regarding the award of grant funding; or 
(ii) lobby any representative of a Federal, 
State, local, or tribal government regarding the award of grant funding. 
(B) P
ENALTY .—If the Attorney General deter-
mines that any recipient of a covered grant has violated subparagraph (A), the Attorney Gen-eral shall— 
(i) require the grant recipient to repay the 
grant in full; and 
(ii) prohibit the grant recipient from receiving 
another covered grant for not less than 5 years. 
TITLE II—COMBATING HUMAN 
TRAFFICKING 
Subtitle A—Enhancing Services for Runaway 
and Homeless Victims of Youth Trafficking 
SEC. 201. AMENDMENTS TO THE RUNAWAY AND 
HOMELESS YOUTH ACT. 
The Runaway and Homeless Youth Act (42 
U.S.C. 5701 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 343(b)(5) (42 U.S.C. 5714– 
23(b)(5))— 
(A) in subparagraph (A) by inserting ‘‘, severe 
forms of trafficking in persons (as defined in section 103(9) of the Trafficking Victims Protec-tion Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9))), and sex trafficking (as defined in section 103(10) of such Act (22 U.S.C. 7102(10)))’’ before the semicolon at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (B) by inserting ‘‘, severe 
forms of trafficking in persons (as defined in section 103(9) of the Trafficking Victims Protec-tion Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9))), or sex traf-ficking (as defined in section 103(10) of such Act (22 U.S.C. 7102(10)))’’ after ‘‘assault’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (C) by inserting ‘‘, in-
cluding such youth who are victims of traf-ficking (as defined in section 103(15) of the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(15)))’’ before the semicolon at the end; and 
(2) in section 351(a) (42 U.S.C. 5714–41(a)) by 
striking ‘‘or sexual exploitation’’ and inserting ‘‘sexual exploitation, severe forms of trafficking in persons (as defined in section 103(9) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9))), or sex trafficking (as defined in section 103(10) of such Act (22 U.S.C. 7102(10)))’’. 
Subtitle B—Improving the Response to 
Victims of Child Sex Trafficking 
SEC. 211. RESPONSE TO VICTIMS OF CHILD SEX 
TRAFFICKING. 
Section 404(b)(1)(P)(iii) of the Missing Chil-
dren’s Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5773(b)(1)(P)(iii)) is amended by striking ‘‘child prostitution’’ and inserting ‘‘child sex traf-ficking, including child prostitution’’. 
Subtitle C—Interagency Task Force to 
Monitor and Combat Trafficking 
SEC. 221. VICTIM OF TRAFFICKING DEFINED. 
In this subtitle, the term ‘‘victim of traf-
ficking’’ has the meaning given such term in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). SEC. 222. INTERAGENCY TASK FORCE REPORT ON 
CHILD TRAFFICKING PRIMARY PRE-VENTION. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Interagency Task Force to 
Monitor and Combat Trafficking, established under section 105 of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103), shall con-duct a review that, with regard to trafficking in persons in the United States— 
(1) in consultation with nongovernmental or-
ganizations that the Task Force determines ap-propriate, surveys and catalogs the activities of the Federal Government and State govern-ments— 
(A) to deter individuals from committing traf-
ficking offenses; and 
(B) to prevent children from becoming victims 
of trafficking; 
(2) surveys academic literature on— (A) deterring individuals from committing 
trafficking offenses; 
(B) preventing children from becoming victims 
of trafficking; 
(C) the commercial sexual exploitation of chil-
dren; and 
(D) other similar topics that the Task Force 
determines to be appropriate; 
(3) identifies best practices and effective strat-
egies— 
(A) to deter individuals from committing traf-
ficking offenses; and 
(B) to prevent children from becoming victims 
of trafficking; and 
(4) identifies current gaps in research and 
data that would be helpful in formulating effec-tive strategies— 
(A) to deter individuals from committing traf-
ficking offenses; and 
(B) to prevent children from becoming victims 
of trafficking. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Inter-agency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking shall provide to Congress, and make publicly available in electronic format, a report on the review conducted pursuant to subpara-graph (a). 
SEC. 223. GAO REPORT ON INTERVENTION. 
On the date that is 1 year after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to Congress that includes information on— 
(1) the efforts of Federal and select State law 
enforcement agencies to combat human traf-ficking in the United States; and 
(2) each Federal grant program, a purpose of 
which is to combat human trafficking or assist victims of trafficking, as specified in an author-izing statute or in a guidance document issued by the agency carrying out the grant program. 
SEC. 224. PROVISION OF HOUSING PERMITTED TO 
PROTECT AND ASSIST IN THE RE-COVERY OF VICTIMS OF TRAF-FICKING. 
Section 107(b)(2)(A) of the Trafficking Victims 
Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(b)(2)(A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, including programs that provide housing to victims of trafficking’’ before the period at the end. 
TITLE III—HERO ACT 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Human Exploi-
tation Rescue Operations Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘HERO Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 302. HERO ACT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(1) The illegal market for the production and 
distribution of child abuse imagery is a growing threat to children in the United States. Inter-national demand for this material creates a powerful incentive for the rape, abuse, and tor-ture of children within the United States. 
(2) The targeting of United States children by 
international criminal networks is a threat to the homeland security of the United States. This threat must be fought with trained personnel and highly specialized counter-child-exploi-tation strategies and technologies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10MR6.001 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1355 March 10, 2015 
(3) The United States Immigration and Cus-
toms Enforcement of the Department of Home-land Security serves a critical national security role in protecting the United States from the growing international threat of child exploi-tation and human trafficking. 
(4) The Cyber Crimes Center of the United 
States Immigration and Customs Enforcement is a vital national resource in the effort to combat international child exploitation, providing ad-vanced expertise and assistance in investiga-tions, computer forensics, and victim identifica-tion. 
(5) The returning military heroes of the 
United States possess unique and valuable skills that can assist law enforcement in combating global sexual and child exploitation, and the Department of Homeland Security should use this national resource to the maximum extent possible. 
(6) Through the Human Exploitation Rescue 
Operative (HERO) Child Rescue Corps program, the returning military heroes of the United States are trained and hired to investigate crimes of child exploitation in order to target predators and rescue children from sexual abuse and slavery. 
(b) C
YBER CRIMES CENTER , CHILD EXPLOI -
TATION INVESTIGATIONS UNIT, AND COMPUTER  
FORENSICS UNIT.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subtitle H of title VIII of the 
Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 451 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 890A. CYBER CRIMES CENTER, CHILD EX-
PLOITATION INVESTIGATIONS UNIT, COMPUTER FORENSICS UNIT, AND CYBER CRIMES UNIT. 
‘‘(a) C YBER CRIMES CENTER .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall oper-
ate, within United States Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement, a Cyber Crimes Center (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘Center’). 
‘‘(2) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the Center 
shall be to provide investigative assistance, training, and equipment to support United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement’s domestic and international investigations of cyber-related crimes. 
‘‘(b) C
HILD EXPLOITATION INVESTIGATIONS  
UNIT.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall oper-
ate, within the Center, a Child Exploitation In-vestigations Unit (referred to in this subsection as the ‘CEIU’). 
‘‘(2) F
UNCTIONS .—The CEIU— 
‘‘(A) shall coordinate all United States Immi-
gration and Customs Enforcement child exploi-tation initiatives, including investigations into— 
‘‘(i) child exploitation; ‘‘(ii) child pornography; ‘‘(iii) child victim identification; ‘‘(iv) traveling child sex offenders; and ‘‘(v) forced child labor, including the sexual 
exploitation of minors; 
‘‘(B) shall, among other things, focus on— ‘‘(i) child exploitation prevention; ‘‘(ii) investigative capacity building; ‘‘(iii) enforcement operations; and ‘‘(iv) training for Federal, State, local, tribal, 
and foreign law enforcement agency personnel, upon request; 
‘‘(C) shall provide training, technical exper-
tise, support, or coordination of child exploi-tation investigations, as needed, to cooperating law enforcement agencies and personnel; 
‘‘(D) shall provide psychological support and 
counseling services for United States Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement personnel en-gaged in child exploitation prevention initia-tives, including making available other existing services to assist employees who are exposed to child exploitation material during investiga-tions; 
‘‘(E) is authorized to collaborate with the De-
partment of Defense and the National Associa-tion to Protect Children for the purpose of the recruiting, training, equipping and hiring of wounded, ill, and injured veterans and 
transitioning service members, through the Human Exploitation Rescue Operative (HERO) Child Rescue Corps program; and 
‘‘(F) shall collaborate with other govern-
mental, nongovernmental, and nonprofit entities approved by the Secretary for the sponsorship of, and participation in, outreach and training activities. 
‘‘(3) D
ATA COLLECTION .—The CEIU shall col-
lect and maintain data concerning— 
‘‘(A) the total number of suspects identified by 
United States Immigration and Customs En-forcement; 
‘‘(B) the number of arrests by United States 
Immigration and Customs Enforcement, disaggregated by type, including— 
‘‘(i) the number of victims identified through 
investigations carried out by United States Im-migration and Customs Enforcement; and 
‘‘(ii) the number of suspects arrested who were 
in positions of trust or authority over children; 
‘‘(C) the number of cases opened for investiga-
tion by United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement; and 
‘‘(D) the number of cases resulting in a Fed-
eral, State, foreign, or military prosecution. 
‘‘(4) A
VAILABILITY OF DATA TO CONGRESS .—In 
addition to submitting the reports required under paragraph (7), the CEIU shall make the data collected and maintained under paragraph (3) available to the committees of Congress de-scribed in paragraph (7). 
‘‘(5) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—The CEIU is 
authorized to enter into cooperative agreements to accomplish the functions set forth in para-graphs (2) and (3). 
‘‘(6) A
CCEPTANCE OF GIFTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary is author-
ized to accept monies and in-kind donations from the Virtual Global Taskforce, national lab-oratories, Federal agencies, not-for-profit orga-nizations, and educational institutions to create and expand public awareness campaigns in sup-port of the functions of the CEIU. 
‘‘(B) E
XEMPTION FROM FEDERAL ACQUISITION  
REGULATION .—Gifts authorized under subpara-
graph (A) shall not be subject to the Federal Ac-quisition Regulation for competition when the services provided by the entities referred to in such subparagraph are donated or of minimal cost to the Department. 
‘‘(7) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of the enactment of the HERO Act of 2015, and annually for the following 4 years, the CEIU shall— 
‘‘(A) submit a report containing a summary of 
the data collected pursuant to paragraph (3) during the previous year to— 
‘‘(i) the Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs of the Senate; 
‘‘(ii) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
Senate; 
‘‘(iii) the Committee on Appropriations of the 
Senate; 
‘‘(iv) the Committee on Homeland Security of 
the House of Representatives; 
‘‘(v) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
House of Representatives; and 
‘‘(vi) the Committee on Appropriations of the 
House of Representatives; and 
‘‘(B) make a copy of each report submitted 
under subparagraph (A) publicly available on the website of the Department. 
‘‘(c) C
OMPUTER FORENSICS UNIT.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall oper-
ate, within the Center, a Computer Forensics Unit (referred to in this subsection as the ‘CFU’). 
‘‘(2) F
UNCTIONS .—The CFU— 
‘‘(A) shall provide training and technical sup-
port in digital forensics to— 
‘‘(i) United States Immigration and Customs 
Enforcement personnel; and 
‘‘(ii) Federal, State, local, tribal, military, and 
foreign law enforcement agency personnel en-gaged in the investigation of crimes within their respective jurisdictions, upon request and sub-ject to the availability of funds; ‘‘(B) shall provide computer hardware, soft-
ware, and forensic licenses for all computer forensics personnel within United States Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement; 
‘‘(C) shall participate in research and devel-
opment in the area of digital forensics, in co-ordination with appropriate components of the Department; and 
‘‘(D) is authorized to collaborate with the De-
partment of Defense and the National Associa-tion to Protect Children for the purpose of re-cruiting, training, equipping, and hiring wounded, ill, and injured veterans and transitioning service members, through the Human Exploitation Rescue Operative (HERO) Child Rescue Corps program. 
‘‘(3) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—The CFU is 
authorized to enter into cooperative agreements to accomplish the functions set forth in para-graph (2). 
‘‘(4) A
CCEPTANCE OF GIFTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary is author-
ized to accept monies and in-kind donations from the Virtual Global Task Force, national laboratories, Federal agencies, not-for-profit or-ganizations, and educational institutions to cre-ate and expand public awareness campaigns in support of the functions of the CFU. 
‘‘(B) E
XEMPTION FROM FEDERAL ACQUISITION  
REGULATION .—Gifts authorized under subpara-
graph (A) shall not be subject to the Federal Ac-quisition Regulation for competition when the services provided by the entities referred to in such subparagraph are donated or of minimal cost to the Department. 
‘‘(d) C
YBER CRIMES UNIT.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall oper-
ate, within the Center, a Cyber Crimes Unit (re-ferred to in this subsection as the ‘CCU’). 
‘‘(2) F
UNCTIONS .—The CCU— 
‘‘(A) shall oversee the cyber security strategy 
and cyber-related operations and programs for United States Immigration and Customs En-forcement; 
‘‘(B) shall enhance United States Immigration 
and Customs Enforcement’s ability to combat criminal enterprises operating on or through the Internet, with specific focus in the areas of— 
‘‘(i) cyber economic crime; ‘‘(ii) digital theft of intellectual property; ‘‘(iii) illicit e-commerce (including hidden mar-
ketplaces); 
‘‘(iv) Internet-facilitated proliferation of arms 
and strategic technology; and 
‘‘(v) cyber-enabled smuggling and money 
laundering; 
‘‘(C) shall provide training and technical sup-
port in cyber investigations to— 
‘‘(i) United States Immigration and Customs 
Enforcement personnel; and 
‘‘(ii) Federal, State, local, tribal, military, and 
foreign law enforcement agency personnel en-gaged in the investigation of crimes within their respective jurisdictions, upon request and sub-ject to the availability of funds; 
‘‘(D) shall participate in research and devel-
opment in the area of cyber investigations, in coordination with appropriate components of the Department; and 
‘‘(E) is authorized to recruit participants of 
the Human Exploitation Rescue Operative (HERO) Child Rescue Corps program for inves-tigative and forensic positions in support of the functions of the CCU. 
‘‘(3) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—The CCU is 
authorized to enter into cooperative agreements to accomplish the functions set forth in para-graph (2). 
‘‘(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary such sums as are necessary to carry out this section.’’. 
(2) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The 
table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 note) is amended by adding after the item relating to section 890 the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10MR6.001 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1356 March 10, 2015 
‘‘Sec. 890A. Cyber crimes center, child exploi-
tation investigations unit, com-puter forensics unit, and cyber crimes unit.’’. 
(c) HERO C
ORPS HIRING .—It is the sense of 
Congress that Homeland Security Investigations of the United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement should hire, recruit, train, and equip wounded, ill, or injured military veterans (as defined in section 101, title 38, United States Code) who are affiliated with the HERO Child Rescue Corps program for investigative, intel-ligence, analyst, and forensic positions. 
(d) I
NVESTIGATING CHILD EXPLOITATION .—Sec-
tion 307(b)(3) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 187(b)(3)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) conduct research and development for 
the purpose of advancing technology for the in-vestigation of child exploitation crimes, includ-ing child victim identification, trafficking in persons, and child pornography, and for ad-vanced forensics.’’. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the time until 12:30 p.m. will be equally divided. 
The Senator from Iowa. 
(The remarks of Mr. G
RASSLEY per-
taining to the introduction of S. 686 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under 
‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, on 
this bill before the Senate, for a few days we will continue to debate legisla-tion to fight crime and restore dignity to its survivors. I thank the majority leader for scheduling floor action on the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. This important bill is authored by our assistant majority leader, Senator C
ORNYN of Texas. 
Human trafficking is a serious crime 
that is too often overlooked in its var-ious forms, which include both labor trafficking and sexual servitude. It causes drastic harm to its victims. A form of modern-day slavery, human trafficking includes both adults and children, as well as noncitizens and citizens of our country. Experts tell us it is not limited to big cities or our Na-tion’s coasts but stretches across the whole Nation, even to the rural parts of our country, including my Midwest. Indeed, it happens every day, every-where in this country. 
The Judiciary Committee met 2 
weeks ago to hear testimony from a victim advocate, a law enforcement of-ficial, and a sex trafficking survivor about the challenges we face in fight-ing human trafficking. One witness, a criminal investigator from my State of Iowa who works for our Democratic at-torney general Tom Miller, told us about a 20-year-old from my State who in December was abducted and forced into sexual servitude. 
We have made progress in curbing 
human trafficking since the passage in 2000 of the Federal Victims of Traf-ficking and Violence Protection Act—a measure I supported at that time—but there is still much work that remains to be done on this front. This bill be-fore the Senate takes a creative and comprehensive approach to what is a 
pervasive and very troubling problem. The measure has been endorsed by over 200 groups, and it passed the Senate Ju-diciary Committee without a dis-senting vote. 
The centerpiece of this bill is its cre-
ation of a new fund called the Domestic Trafficking Victims’ Fund, which will be used to support a host of programs and services for human trafficking and child pornography survivors. The fund will be financed not by taxpayers’ dol-lars but by fines collected from individ-uals convicted of human trafficking and human smuggling crimes, making it deficit neutral. 
If enacted, this bill will also equip 
law enforcement with new tools to fight trafficking. For example, it would make it easier for State law enforce-ment officials to wiretap human traf-ficking suspects without Federal ap-proval. It also would expand the cat-egories of persons who can be pros-ecuted for human trafficking. In addi-tion, it clarifies that child pornography is a form of human trafficking. 
This bill takes an extremely thought-
ful and comprehensive approach, tack-ling not only the supply of human traf-ficking victims but also the demand for these victims. Tackling the problem on both fronts is something the non-partisan Congressional Research Serv-ice tells us is absolutely necessary if we are to successfully curb human traf-ficking. If enacted, this bill will ensure that both the trafficker and the buyer will be prosecuted for their crimes. 
We had an open and productive mark-
up of this bill. I offered an amendment, which was accepted by voice vote, clarifying that Federal grant resources can be used to meet the housing needs of trafficking victims and offer train-ing on the effects of sex trafficking to those who serve runaway, homeless, and at-risk youth. 
This amendment also updates the re-
authorization language for the CyberTipline of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children to en-sure that child trafficking is specifi-cally mentioned as a form of Internet- related child exploitation. 
Finally, this amendment would re-
quire the Interagency Task Force to monitor and combat trafficking to identify best practices to prevent human trafficking. 
Senator B
LUMENTHAL from the State 
of Connecticut also offered an amend-ment based on a bill he and Senator K
IRKfiled earlier this year, which was 
accepted in committee by a voice vote. Their bill, S. 575, known as the HERO Act, provides authorization for a pro-gram at the Department of Homeland Security that trains wounded warriors to assist in the effort to locate missing children. 
I am proud to be a cosponsor of the 
bill now before if Senate. I commend Senator C
ORNYN , the lead sponsor of 
this measure, for his efforts to refine the bill and build such a substantial, very bipartisan coalition supporting it. I hope we will show the same bipar-
tisan cooperation and support on the floor as we consider amendments. I look forward to a vote on this bill as soon as possible. 
I ask unanimous consent to have 
printed in the R
ECORD letters in sup-
port of S. 178 from various organiza-tions. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
FEBRUARY 23, 2015. 
Senator C HUCK GRASSLEY , 
Chair, U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee, Dirk-
sen Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. 
Senator P
ATRICK LEAHY , 
Ranking Member, Russell Senate Office Build-
ing, Washington, DC. 
Senator D IANNE FEINSTEIN , 
Hart Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. Senator J
OHNCORNYN , 
Hart Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. Senator A
MYKLOBUCHAR , 
Hart Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. 
DEAR SENATORS GRASSLEY , LEAHY , FEIN-
STEIN , CORNYN , ANDKLOBUCHAR : We write to 
you, the leaders of the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee, and to three committee Sen-ators who have been particularly sensitive to our (often ignored) perspective. We write to you as survivors of sex trafficking and com-mercial sexual exploitation. We write as sur-vivors who know, profoundly and personally, the harm caused by this crime. And we write to you as survivor leaders of organizations trying to prevent sex trafficking before it victimizes others. 
We write to express our support for legisla-
tion that makes progress in three essential areas: 
1. Identify new funding streams for victim 
services. Current public budgets are stressed. Victims of sex trafficking typically suffer multiple harms, requiring a range of services from medical and psychological assistance to treatment for the drug and alcohol addiction that so often accompanies trafficking (addic-tions that make people vulnerable to traf-ficking; addictions that develop or worsen as people try to cope with the pain of this inti-mate form of abuse). We’ve been told by law enforcement in numerous jurisdictions that when services don’t exist (mainly because they are expensive) there’s a disincentive to enforcing anti-trafficking laws and identi-fying victims. 
The Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act 
(JVTA), S. 178, is innovative for creating a new fund to finance victim—services an es-sential goal. It also achieves a second prin-ciple we stand for: Making sex buyers ac-countable for the harm they cause. 
2. Prevent sex trafficking by targeting the 
buyers who create demand. Logically, traf-ficking will never end until we shrink the de-mand that creates the market. People still in the life, still being exploited, sometimes avoid this conclusion because they see no other options but the cycle of violence in which they are trapped. We are strong wit-nesses to the necessity of making the buyers pay, to make the crime end. 
Two bills in particular strength account-
ability in the sex trafficking legal regime: S. 178 and Combat Human Trafficking Act of 2015, S. 140. By clarifying congressional in-tent that sex buyers be considered parties to the trafficking crime, by compelling the De-partment of Justice to incorporate training and technical assistance on investigating and prosecuting buyers in its anti-traf-ficking programming, and by making the crime more ‘‘costly,’’ we can finally begin to shrink its incidence. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MR6.001 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1357 March 10, 2015 
3. Treat victims as victims, not criminals, 
and let survivor voices inform anti-traf-ficking policy. Two bills in particular recog-nize these realities: the Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act, S. 166, which gives states incentives to approve ‘‘Safe Harbor’’ laws as well as job training options for vic-tims and the Survivors of Human Trafficking Empowerment Act, which creates a sur-
vivors-led U.S. Advisory Council on Human Trafficking to review federal policy and pro-grams. 
Other proposals may also make valuable 
contributions, but these are the three most important principles to incorporate in new legislative initiatives. 
Thank you for your consideration. Please 
let us know if you have specific questions or would like more information on our program activities. 
Sincerely, 
Windie Lazenko, 4her—North Dakota, ND; 
Brooke Axtell, Allies Against Slavery, TX; Aliza Amar, Breaking the Silence Together/ Sole Sisters Project, San Diego, CA; Vednita Carter, Breaking Free, St Paul, MN; Leah J. Albright-Byrd, Executive Director/Founder, Bridget’s Dream, Sacramento, CA; Marian Hatcher, Human Trafficking Coordinator, Cook County Sheriff’s Office, SPACE Inter-national Member, Chicago, IL; Tina Frundt, Courtney’s House, Washington, DC; Cherie Jimenez, Founder, Eva Center, Boston, MA; D’Lita Miller, Founder/Executive Director, Families Against Sex Trafficking, Los Ange-les, CA; Kathi Hardy, Founder/Executive Di-rector, Freedom From Exploitation, San Diego, CA; Cheryl Briggs, Founder/President, Mission at Serenity Ranch, TX; Necole Dan-iels, MISSSEY, Inc., Oakland, CA; Dr. Brook Bello, More Too Life, FL. 
Nola Brantley, Nola Brantley Speaks! Oak-
land, CA; Rebecca Bender, Rebecca Bender Ministries, OR; Carissa Phelps, Runaway Girl, Inc., CA; Natasha Falle, Co-Founder, Sex Trade 101/Canada; Bridget Perrier, Co- Founder, Sex Trade 101/Canada; Stella Marr, Survivor and a Founder, Sex Trafficking Survivors United, USA; Amy Green, Sur-vivors Consultation Network, San Bernardino, CA; Rachel Thomas, Sowers Education Group, Los Angeles, CA; Autumn Burris, Survivors for Solutions/SPACE Int’l Member, San Diego, CA; Mark (Marq) Daniel Taylor, The BUDDY House, Inc., GA; Tom Jones, Founder, The H.O.P.E. Project for Male Survivors, San Diego, CA; Kristy Childs, Veronica’s Voice, Inc., Kansas City, MO; Jeanette Westbrook, MSSW, Women Graduates—USA/SPACE Int’l Member, KY; Beth Jacobs, Founder, Willow Way/Policy Chair, National Survivor Network, Tuscan, AZ. 
FEBRUARY 23, 2015. 
Hon. C HUCK GRASSLEY , 
Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, U.S. 
Senate, Washington, DC. 
Hon. P ATRICK J. L EAHY , 
Ranking Member, Committee on the Judiciary, 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN GRASSLEY AND RANKING  
MEMBER LEAHY : We are a coalition of organi-
zations from across the United States dedi-cated to improving the lives of vulnerable women and children and write to express our support for the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act of 2015, S. 178 (JVTA). The JVTA would provide much needed services and sup-port to domestic victims of trafficking and provide a tool for law enforcement, courts, and the anti-trafficking task forces through-out the country to effectively target the de-mand that fuels the sex trafficking market. 
The JVTA provides unprecedented support 
to domestic victims of trafficking, who are too often invisible and underserved, by cre-ating grants for state and local governments to develop comprehensive support programs 
for victims. In addition, the Act will directly assist domestic victims of trafficking by fi-nally allowing them access to the same serv-ices and support systems that have been pre-
viously available only to foreign victims of human trafficking in the U.S. The legisla-tion prioritizes victim assistance by training federal prosecutors and judges on the impor-tance of requesting and ordering restitution, and training law enforcement on facilitating physical and mental health services for traf-ficking victims they encounter. 
Every day in this country, thousands of 
women and children are bought and sold. The unfettered demand for sex, with underage girls in particular, has caused pimps and ex-ploiters to resort to more extreme tactics in order to meet the growing demand. Women and children, especially girls, are advertised online where buyers purchase them with ease, anonymity, and impunity. This hap-pens in every city, in every state. 
The elimination of sex trafficking is fun-
damentally linked to targeting the demand for commercial sex. Any effort to prevent sex trafficking must focus on the sex buyers and facilitators. Without buyers of commercial sex, sex trafficking would not exist. 
This legislation is vital. The Justice for 
Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015 represents an effort to provide the necessary support services to our domestic victims of traf-ficking in the U.S. and to target the culture of impunity for those who seek to purchase sex, especially with children. As leaders in the anti-trafficking, anti-violence, child wel-fare, civil rights, runaway and homeless youth, and human rights movements, we urge Congress to pass this critical piece of legislation. 
Sincerely, 
Rights4Girls, ECPAT–USA, NAACP, Na-
tional Domestic Violence Hotline, National Council of Juvenile and Family Court Judges (NCJFCJ), National Criminal Justice Asso-ciation (NCJA), Minnesota Indian Women Resource Center, National Women’s Law Center (NWLC), American Psychological As-sociation, National Children’s Alliance, Equality Now, Shared Hope International, Association of Prosecuting Attorneys (APA), Survivors for Solutions, Breaking Free Inc., Coalition Against Trafficking in Women (CATW), PROTECT, National Crittenton Foundation. 
First Focus Campaign for Children, Girls 
Inc. (National), National Association for Children’s Behavioral Health, National Cen-ter for Youth Law, Alameda County District Attorney’s Office, Advisory Council on Child Trafficking (ACCT), My Life My Choice, Girls for Gender Equity, PACE Center for Girls, Inc., The Children’s Campaign, So-journers, Men Can Stop Rape, YWCA Na-tional Capital Area, WestCoast Children’s Clinic, FAIR Girls, Sanctuary for Families, Alliance for Girls, Girls Inc. of Alameda County. 
DC Rape Crisis Center, Stop Modern Slav-
ery, Women’s Foundation of Minnesota, Healthy Teen Network, United Methodist Women, Foster Family-based Treatment As-sociation, Pacific Alliance to Stop Slavery, Children’s Home Society of Washington, American Association of University Women SF, Exodus Cry, Delores Barr Weaver Policy Center, Hope Academy of the Denver Street School, Directions For Youth & Families, Violence Prevention Coalition, Children Now, Always Free, Set Free, End Slavery TN. 
Child Advocacy Center a Division of Merid-
ian Health Services, Program for the Em-powerment of Girls (Albuquerque specialized court for girls), Changing Destinies, Second Life of Chattanooga, Students Ending Slav-ery at the University of Maryland, Hope Run Kenosha, Tex Pride Disaster & Recovery 
First Responders, West Florida Center for Trafficking Advocacy, Empowered You, LLC, Traffick Free, Chapelwood United Methodist Church, Hephzibah Children’s Home, Side- By-Side Church International, Lives Worth Saving, Pleasant Grove United Methodist Women, Sisters of Providence, A2 Traf-ficking Task Force, Michigan Abolitionist Project. 
Set Free Movement, Refuge of Light, Ash 
Creek Baptist Church, Companions of Wis-
dom, Zonta Club of Pinellas County, Oasis of Hope, Benton County Republican Women, Ho’ola Na Pua (Hawaii-based child sex traf-ficking service provider), Butterfly House, International Christian Center, New Life Refuge Ministries, The Red Web Foundation, Coastal Bend Grace House, Freedom13, The RavenHeart Center, Scott County Sheriff’s Office, Flathead Abolitionist Movement, The Porch Light. 
Honermann Homeschool, Heartly House, 
Milton Hershey School, River’s Voice Music, San Antonio Against Slavery, Smoky Hill Vineyard Church, Sauk Prairie Church, MQA Charity in Action, St Mary of the Lake Human Trafficking Working Group, Eden’s Glory, Project Resource Company, Shelter In The Storm, Daughters of Charity, Denver Street School—Hope Academy, Stockton Covenant Church, National Association of Social Workers, I’m Aware, Christian Inn 
Ministries, Inc. 
Living in Liberty, Precious Ones, Thomas 
Spann Clinic, Children’s Hospital of Wis-consin, CharlotteLaw Advocates Against Trafficking of Humans, Saint Hilary Parish, RJ Huffman & Associates, Sufficient Grace Outreach, Anti-Trafficking Task Force, First Congregational Church of Boulder, The MENTOR Network, Freedom From Exploi-tation, Hope Hollow Exploitation Victim As-sistance and Consultation Services, Virginia Beach Justice Initiative, Religious Sisters of Charity, To Love Children Educational Foundation International Inc., Children’s Advocacy Center of Suffolk County, Make Way Partners, Restore NYC. 
Ozone House, Inc., ENC Stop Human Traf-
ficking Now, YouthSpark, Changing Des-tinies, Visitors from the Past, Perhaps Kids Meeting Kids Can Make A Difference, Living Water for Girls, The Ray E. Helfer Society, Edmund Rice International, Bay Area Girls Unite, Exodus Cry, Horizon Farms, The Tobert and Polly Dunn Foundation, Lotus Medicine, Leadership Conference of Women Religious (LCWR), Home Instead Senior Care, From Words 2 Action Outreach Min-istries, Butterfly Dreams Abuse Recovery. 
O L Pathy Foundation, Dignity Health, 
Forsythe County Child Advocacy Center, Civil Society (Minnesota based anti-traf-ficking organization), 300m4freedom, Bluff Country Family Resources, Sexual Assault Services, Inc., Asian Women United of MN, Tubman Family Crisis & Support Services, Rochester Franciscan, Human Trafficking Task Force, Trinity Presbyterian Church, Anoka Ramsey Community College, New York Asian Women’s Center, St. Mary’s So-cial Justice Ministry, St Mary of the Lake Human Trafficking Working Group, Francis-can Peace Center Anti-Trafficking Com-mittee, Kids At Risk Action, Nomi Network. 
Soroptimist International of Stuart, Some-
place Safe, Calvary Temple, Genesee County Youth Corporation, Youth Attention Center, The Advocates for Human Rights, Livingston Family Center, Central New Mexico Coun-seling Service, Downey McGrath Group, Women Graduates-USA, Lutheran Services in America, Life for the Innocent, Too Young to Wed, WRAP Court (specialized ‘‘CSEC’’ court, Philadelphia), Real Life Giving, Chris-tian Inn Ministries, Inc., Angels Ministry, California Alliance of Child and Family Services, Crittenton Center, Children’s Court 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MR6.002 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1358 March 10, 2015 
Division (2nd Judicial District Court, Albu-
querque), Oak Chapel UMC, Greif Fellowship in Juvenile Human Trafficking at The Ohio State University. 
FEBRUARY 24, 2015. 
Hon. C HUCK GRASSLEY , 
Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. P
ATRICK J. L EAHY , 
Ranking Member, Committee on the Judiciary, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
C
HAIRMAN GRASSLEY AND RANKING MEMBER  
LEAHY : As organizations representing law 
enforcement leaders, officers, and state and local prosecutors from across the United States, we write to express our support for S. 178, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015 (JVTA). The JVTA would provide much needed services and support to domes-tic victims of trafficking. More importantly, this bill provides necessary tools for law en-forcement, courts, and the anti-trafficking task forces throughout the country to effec-tively target the demand that fuels the sex trafficking market. 
The JVTA provides unprecedented re-
sources to address the issue of domestic vic-tims of trafficking, who are too often invis-ible and underserved, by creating grants for state and local governments to develop com-prehensive systems to address these crimes and provide services for victims. In addition, the legislation allows wire-taps obtained through state courts to be used for child sex trafficking, trains federal prosecutors and judges on the importance of requesting and ordering restitution, and trains law enforce-ment on facilitating physical and mental health services for trafficking victims they encounter. 
According to the National Center for Miss-
ing & Exploited Children (NCMEC), at least 100,000 American children each year are the victims of commercial child prostitution and child trafficking. Women and children, espe-cially girls, are also advertised online where buyers purchase them with ease, anonymity, and impunity. This happens in every city, in every state. 
The elimination of sex trafficking is fun-
damentally linked to targeting the demand for commercial sex. Without buyers of com-mercial sex, sex trafficking would not exist. It is for this reason and others stated above that we, as representatives of law enforce-ment and the courts, support this bill. 
The Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act 
of 2015 addresses a critical need by providing the necessary tools and support services for domestic victims of trafficking in the U.S. We urge Congress to pass this critical piece of legislation. 
Sincerely, 
National District Attorneys Association, 
Association of State Criminal Investigative Agencies, National Association of Police Or-ganizations, Federal Law Enforcement Offi-cers Association, National Fusion Center As-sociation, National Black Prosecutors Asso-ciation. 
National Troopers Coalition, Major Cities 
Chiefs Association, Major County Sheriffs’ Association, National Sheriffs’ Association, Association of Prosecuting Attorneys. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. I also take this op-
portunity to thank the organizations Rights4Girls, Shared Hope Inter-national, the Polaris Project, and the National Center for Missing and Ex-ploited Children, among many other supporters of the bill, for their effort in assisting in our refinement of this leg-islation so it could move forward in this manner. 
I yield the floor. Mr. LEAHY. If the Senator will yield 
for a question, there is so much of this bill I strongly support. In fact, a lot of it reflects legislation I have written and actually passed through the com-mittee before. I have a couple of con-cerns, but one that comes to mind is that we don’t want to hold out false promises to victims, and I know the Senator doesn’t want to either. 
I certainly support having any 
money that the traffickers are fined go to supporting this, but my experience earlier as a prosecutor and my experi-ence now in talking to prosecutors around the country is that most of these people, when they get prosecuted, are basically judgment-proof—they don’t have any money or they have a very small amount of money. They will go to prison. Who pays for that? Of course taxpayers pay for the prison, whether it is Federal or State. They will pay for the prisons, but there is no money for the victims. 
What happens if the fine money does 
not materialize? We have talked about up to $30 million, I think, in fines, but let’s suppose we only come up with a few thousand dollars in fines. Are we making a promise to these victims that can’t be met? Is there an alternative for them in case the fines don’t pay for it? 
Mr. GRASSLEY. I guess, based upon 
the experience of the supporters of the legislation and the expert advice they got in coming to the conclusion of how to fund this fund, they feel the money is going to be available to do that. 
You ask a legitimate question. I sup-
pose I ought to have an answer for it, and I don’t have from this standpoint. I think that I have great faith in the figures they have presented us and that we will have to deal with the issue you bring up at some future time because I think we will want everybody to be made whole if what you say happens. 
Mr. LEAHY. The reason I ask, Mr. 
President, is because I know in the House of Representatives they have been concerned that the money might not be there. 
I think we all want to accomplish 
these things for the victims. I just want to make sure we are not holding out a promise that we can’t complete. Do I agree with all the fines going into this fund? Absolutely. But the experi-ence of a lot of prosecutors I have talked with is that the court may say: I fine you $20,000 or $30,000, but this is never paid. They go to prison. They have no assets. We are spending $25,000 to $35,000 a year as taxpayers keeping them in prison, and I want them to be in prison, but there is no money for victims. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. I can say to the 
Senator that he raises a legitimate point because I know in other areas we have set up such funds and sometimes they come up short. But we have to re-member that sometimes something is not paid out because a lot of times ex-cess money is used for something else in the Federal budget and not paid out entirely the way it was intended origi-
nally. 
But I would urge my colleague to 
take the word of the people who have done the research on this legislation to bring it together and the consensus it has from 200 or more organizations and feel that it will be successful. If it isn’t, then I pledge to help you deal with that at that particular time. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, the issues 
raised in this are serious matters, and the Senator from Iowa, Senator K
LO-
BUCHAR , Senator C ORNYN , and others 
should be concerned about this. 
I think of a victim I have talked 
with, Holly Austin Smith. She was 14 years old when she ran away from home and quickly became a victim of human trafficking. She met a man in a shopping mall who told her she was pretty, and promised he would give her a glamorous life in California. Remem-ber, she was 14 years old. Then he sold her for sex. The first man she was sold to commented that she reminded him of his own granddaughter—but then he paid $200 to rape her. 
Thankfully, Holly escaped and has 
rebuilt her life. She is now a fierce ad-vocate of ending all forms of human trafficking because she knows what happens to those who are trafficked. But many are not so lucky. The phys-ical and psychological scars of being bought and sold, of being raped mul-tiple times a night by different men, are devastating. This terrible crime de-stroys lives. 
As we consider legislation to combat 
human trafficking, we must remember Holly and the thousands of other vul-nerable and victimized children she represents, and we must do everything we can to keep it from happening in the first place. 
Last Congress, in 2013, I led the effort 
to reauthorize the Trafficking Victims Protection Act. That historic bipar-tisan legislation and the funds it au-thorized signaled our country’s com-mitment to ending all forms of human trafficking, both here at home and around the world. So I am glad, after the attention we gave to my bill last Congress, to see the Senate return its attention to this issue. Stories such as Holly’s make clear we have more work to do. 
I support the bill we take up today, 
the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, but I believe we must do more to prevent trafficking in the first place. We have to act to protect our young people before they become victims. It is one thing to say now that you have become a victim, we are here to help you. It does even more if we can stop them from being victims in the first place. 
The legislation that Senator C
OLLINS  
of Maine and I have introduced seeks to do just that. Homeless and runaway kids are exceptionally vulnerable to human traffickers. A recent survey 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MR6.009 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1359 March 10, 2015 
found that one in four homeless teens 
was a victim of sex trafficking or had been forced to provide sex for survival needs. 
These vulnerable children, alone and 
on the street, are walking prey. Human traffickers lurk around bus stops and parks where homeless children con-gregate. They offer promises of some-thing to eat and a night off the streets. They exploit the very sad reality that most of these children have no place to go. The weather may be cold. Far too many of our cities have no shelter for kids, and those who do face a chronic shortage of beds. Then somebody comes up and says: I will offer you food, I will offer you a warm place to sleep for the night. 
As Representative P
OErecently said 
at an event on ending human traf-ficking: We have more animal shelters in this country than places for young people to find a safe place to sleep. What does that say about our prior-ities? I have nothing against having the animal shelters, but shouldn’t we have more for our children than we do for the animals? 
If we are serious about preventing 
human trafficking, we must protect these kids. We have to provide better outreach to them, more beds for them to sleep in, and more counseling to get them on the path to a stable life. This kind of prevention costs money, but it saves lives and prevents the far more costly effects of human trafficking— not just the effects of human traf-ficking on the victims’ part, but the cost to all of us. This is smart money we ought to be proud to invest in our children. We must include the Run-away and Homeless Youth and Traf-ficking Prevention Act in our efforts here to prevent more of our kids from becoming victims. I look forward, at the appropriate place, to offering our bipartisan legislation as an amend-ment. 
I know other Senators have amend-
ments they wish to see considered. Senator C
ORKER , chairman of the Sen-
ate Foreign Relations Committee, has an important piece of legislation to combat sex and labor trafficking in countries around the world. I thank him for working with me to make some improvements to its funding provisions and I hope this bipartisan legislation will be considered as an amendment by the full Senate. 
I mentioned earlier Senator K
LO-
BUCHAR has been working for years to 
see the safe harbor bill get passed, to make sure victims are treated as vic-tims and not as criminals. I am proud to cosponsor her bill. After all, as I said about the Violence Against Women Act, a victim is a victim is a victim. They are not criminals. They are victims. 
Senator M
CCONNELL has long prom-
ised a full amendment process. I take him at his word and I expect we will have the opportunity to strengthen the underlying bill with a variety of ideas from Senators. We owe it to survivors such as Holly to pass the strongest pos-
sible bill. 
We have to provide the resources des-
perately needed by those on the front lines protecting young people every day, such as those in my home State of Vermont at Spectrum Services and the Vermont Coalition of Runaway and Homeless Youth Programs service pro-viders. We owe it to all the survivors who bravely come forward and tell their stories, hoping to prevent just one more child from falling prey to this terrible crime. 
The Senate has to pass a strong, 
comprehensive bill that includes pre-vention and prosecution, but also serv-ices for victims. We haven’t accom-plished as much as we should if we are only able to prosecute the perpetrator after the fact and forget about helping the victim. We have to stop trafficking from happening in the first place; but if it does happen, we have to help the vic-tims. 
An editorial in the New York Times 
last week noted that: 
. . . a consensus is emerging on new initia-
tives to confront this human-rights problem and help its victims, often runaways or homeless youngsters who have been forced or coerced into prostitution. 
I agree with that editorial, and I look 
forward to working with every Senator here to ensure we get this done for the American people. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the New York Times editorial be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the New York Times, March 5, 2015] 
STEPS AGAINST JUVENILE SEXTRAFFICKING  
(By the Editorial Board) 
The impression that America’s sex-traf-
ficking problem mostly involves young peo-ple smuggled from overseas has given way to broad recognition of a cruel homegrown re-ality: the tens of thousands of juveniles who are exploited each year by traffickers in this country. 
On Capitol Hill, a consensus is emerging on 
new initiatives to confront this human- rights problem and help its victims, often runaways or homeless youngsters who have been forced or coerced into prostitution. 
The Senate Judiciary Committee last week 
unanimously approved a pair of anti-traf-ficking bills with wide backing from victim advocates and other experts, and the full Senate is expected to take up the package soon. 
A bill championed by Senator John Cor-
nyn, Republican of Texas, would create a new pool of financing—through additional fines on people convicted of sex and labor trafficking, child pornography and other crimes—for restitution, victim services and law enforcement. The idea of aiding victims without committing more tax dollars has drawn support from Republicans, and any new money for this badly underfinanced cause would help. 
The Cornyn bill would also encourage pros-
ecution of the ‘‘johns,’’ or buyers of juvenile sex, who typically escape criminal charges even though they are paying for what amounts to the statutory rape of children and teenagers. Their demand is what’s fuel-ing the highly lucrative human slavery busi-ness. The second bill, put forward by Senator 
Amy Klobuchar, Democrat of Minnesota, would give a preference for Department of Justice law enforcement grants to states that adopt ‘‘safe harbor’’ laws. 
These laws help ensure that young people 
sold for sex are treated as victims and of-fered support services instead of being pros-ecuted. The House has approved similar bills, so it should not be hard to hammer out a strong final package. 
A preventive measure that would help en-
sure housing and services for homeless juve-niles, who are often prey to traffickers, un-fortunately stalled in the Senate Judiciary Committee. One obstacle was the resistance of some Republicans to its nondiscrimina-tion provision guaranteeing fair treatment of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender youths. 
No young person should ‘‘have to choose 
between selling their bodies and a safe place to sleep,’’ said Senator Susan Collins, Repub-lican of Maine, who introduced the bill with Patrick Leahy, Democrat of Vermont. Undeterred, they plan to seek consideration from the full Senate. 
Trafficking abroad remains a tremendous 
problem, so it is fitting that a promising ap-proach comes from the Senate Foreign Rela-tions Committee, which last week unani-mously approved a measure to create an international public-private fund dedicated to the issue, similar to the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria. More resources could do a lot to help trafficking’s victims at home, too. 
Mr. LEAHY. We talk about the Run-
away and Homeless Youth Trafficking and Prevention Act. This is a partial list of the local, State, and national groups which have urged its passage. There are too many to read—this has to be in small type; otherwise, we would have a dozen posters if we put it in larger type. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have printed in the R
ECORD the 
complete list. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
NATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS  
AccuWord, LLC; Alliance to End Slavery & 
Trafficking (ATEST); American Psycho-logical Association; Campaign for Youth Justice; Center for Children’s Law and Pol-icy; CenterLink: The Community of LGBT Center; Children’s Advocacy Institute; Child Welfare League of America; Coalition for Ju-venile Justice; Covenant House Inter-national; ECPAT–USA; Entertainment In-dustries Council, Inc.; Family Equality Council; Family Promise; First Focus Cam-paign for Children; Free the Slaves; Foster Family-based Treatment Association; FosterClub; Freedom Network USA; Funders Together to End Homelessness; Futures Without Violence; Girls Inc.; Healthy Teen Network; HEAR US, Inc.; Hetrick-Martin In-stitute; Human Rights Campaign; Human Rights Project for Girls; Indian Oaks Acad-emy; International Human Trafficking Insti-tute; International Organization for Adoles-cents (IOFA). 
Jewish Women International; Lambda 
Legal; MANY; Marriage Equality USA; Na-tional Association of Counsel for Children; National Association for the Education of Homeless Children and Youth; National Cen-ter for Housing and Child Welfare; National Center for Lesbian Rights; National Chil-dren’s Alliance; National Coalition for the Homeless; National Council on Jewish Women; National Council of Juvenile and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MR6.026 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1360 March 10, 2015 
Family Court Judges; National Law Center 
on Homelessness & Poverty; National LGBTQ Task Force Action Fund; National Network for Youth; National PTA; National Safe Place Network; National Youth Advo-cate Program; Peace Alliance; Polaris; Re-claiming Lost Voices; SAFE Coalition for Human Rights; School Social Work Associa-tion of America; Sexuality Information and Education Council of the U.S. (SIECUS); Shared Hope International; Southwest Key Programs; StandUp For Kids; Student Peace Alliance; The Equity Project; The Forum for 
Youth Investment; The General Board of Church and Society, United Methodist Church; The National Crittenton Founda-tion; The Peace Alliance; The Trevor Project; True Colors Fund; U.S. Fund for UNICEF; U.S. Committee for Refugees and Immigrants; W. Haywood Burns Institute. 
REGIONAL  
Art Expression Inc., Pittsburgh, PA; 
BeaSister2aSister, Brooklyn, NY; CAP Serv-ices, Inc., Stevens Point, WI; Caring for Chil-dren, Inc., Asheville, NC; Catholic Charities of the Diocese of Albany, NY; Center for Health Justice, Inc.; Children’s Hospital Los Angeles, Los Angeles CA; Community Youth Services, Olympia, WA; Compass Family & Community Services, Youngstown, OH; Con-gregation of St. Joseph, OH; Covenant House New Orleans, LA; Free2Be Safe Anti-Vio-lence Project, Huntsville, AL; Hope Hollow Exploitation Victim Assistance and Con-sultation, PA; Janus Youth Programs, Port-land, OR; Latin American Youth Center, Washington, DC; Long Island Crisis Center/ Pride for Youth, NY; Loving Arms, Inc., MD. 
LUK, Inc., Fitchburg & Worcester, MA; Lu-
theran Social Services of Wisconsin and Upper Michigan; Rainbow House, MO; Run-away and Homeless Youth Services—Boys & Girls Clubs of America; Ryan’s House for Youth, Freeland, WA; Sacramento Regional Coalition to End Homelessness, CA; Safe Harbor Children’s Center, Brunswick, GA; San Diego Adolescent Pregnancy and Par-enting Program; Staircase Youth Services, Inc., Ludington, MI; South Bay Community Services, Chula Vista, CA; United Way of Tucson and Southern Arizona, Tucson, AZ; Victoria Area Homeless Coalition, Victoria, TX; Volunteers of America of America Northern New England, Brunswick, ME; Youth and Shelter Services, Inc., Ames, IA; Youth Continuum, New Haven, CT; YouthLink, Minneapolis, MN; Youth OUT-right WNC, Inc., Asheville & Western NC. 
STATE ORGANIZATIONS  
AO: Advocating Opportunity, OH; AMP 
Iowa; Arizona Legal Women and Youth Serv-ices (ALWAYS), Phoenix, AZ; Avenues for Homeless Youth, MN; California Coalition for Youth; Chicago Coalition for the Home-less; Children and Family Services of NH; Children’s Home + Aid, IL; Coalition for Homeless Youth; Coalition to Abolish Slav-ery & Trafficking; Cocoon House, Everett, WA; Covenant House Pennsylvania; Cov-enant House Florida; Texans Care for Chil-dren, TX; The DC Center for the LGBT Com-munity. 
Empire State Pride Agenda, NY; The 
Bridge for Youth, Minneapolis, MN; The Florida Network of Youth and Family Serv-ices; Family Resources, Inc., FL; Families On The Move, Inc., MI; Focus on Awareness and Information Resources of New York, Syracuse, NY; Georgia Alliance to End Homelessness, GA; Healing Place Serve, LA; Human Rights Advocacy Center, Inc., FL; Il-linois Collaboration on Youth; Indiana Youth Services Association, Indianapolis, IN; Lutheran Social Services of MN; Lu-theran Social Services, WI; Massachusetts Coalition for the Homeless; North Little Rock School District, AR. Outreach Resource Centers, UT; Preble 
Street, Portland, ME; Reed City Housing Commission, Reed City, MI; Sparrow’s Next NW MT; Student Advocacy Center of Michi-gan; The Mockingbird Society, WA; The Women’s Law Center of Maryland, Inc.; Training and Resources United to Stop Traf-ficking, AZ; Vermont Coalition of Runaway & Homeless Youth Programs; Youth Bridge, Fayetteville, AR; Youth Pride, Inc., RI; Youthworks, Bismarck and Fargo, ND; WI Association for Homeless and Runaway Serv-ices. 
LOCAL ORGANIZATIONS  
Adventure Church, Kalispell, MT; Alameda 
Family Services, Alameda, CA; Alternative House, Fairfax, VA; Attention Homes, Boul-der, CO; Avenues for Homeless Youth, Min-neapolis, MN; Bradbury-Sullivan LGBT Com-munity Center, Allentown, PA; Bill Wilson Center, San Jose, CA; Boys & Girls Clubs of the Fox Valley, Appleton, WI; Briarpatch Youth Services, Madison, WI; Bridge Over Troubled Waters, Boston, MA; Broward Human Trafficking Coalition, Ft. Lauder-dale, FL; Cardinal McCloskey Community Services, Bronx, NY; Catholic Charities of Herkimer County, NY; Catholic Charities, Lubbock, TX; Center for Family Services, Camden, NJ; Center on Halsted, Chicago, IL; Central Texas Youth Services Bureau, Belton, TX; Children’s Home Society of FL— WaveCREST Shelter, Fort Pierce, FL; Com-munity Resources in Service to People, Winterset, IA; Compatior, Inc., South Gate, CA; Compass House, Buffalo, NY. 
CORY Place, Inc., Bay City, MI; Covenant 
House NY, New York, NY; Crisis Center Inc., a Youth Service Bureau, Gary, IN; Cross-winds Youth Services, Cocoa, FL; Davis Chapel United Methodist Church, Piedmont, AL; Daybreak, Dayton, OH; Educational and Treatment Council, Inc., Lake Charles, LA; Evergreen Youth & Family Services, Bemidji, MN; Face to Face Health and Coun-seling Service, Inc., St. Paul, MN; Fairfield- Suisun Unified School District, Fairfield- Suisun, CA; Family Assistance Program, Victorville, CA; Friends of Youth, Kirkland, WA; Gay & Lesbian Community Services of SE MN, Rochester, MN; Girls Educational and Mentoring Services, New York, NY; Give Them Wings, Inc., dba WINGS, Hood River, OR; Good Shepherd Services, New York, NY; Grand Rapids Public Schools, Grand Rapids, MI; HDC Project Reach Out, Superior, WA; Health care for the Homeless, Pittsburgh, PA; Hillcrest Youth Program, Kansas City, KS; Home Start, Inc., San Diego, CA. 
Hudson Pride Connections Center, Jersey 
City, NJ; Human Development Center/ Project Reach Out, Duluth, MN; In Our Own Voice, Inc., Albany, NY; Interfaith Emer-gency Services, Ocala, FL; Introspect Youth Services, Inc., Chicago, IL 1 in 10, Inc., Phoe-nix, AZ; Jackson Street Youth Shelter, Inc., Corvallis, OR; Jefferson County Public Schools, Louisville, KY; Juneau Youth Serv-ices, Juneau, AK; Kalamazoo Gay Lesbian Resource Center, Kalamazoo, MI; Karis, Inc., Grand Junction, CO; Kenosha Human Devel-opment Services, Kenosha, WI; Kids in Cri-sis, Greenwich, CT; Kids in Need Youth Pro-gram, Rhinelander, WI; Krista THP+, Red-ding, CA; Larkin Street Youth Services, San Francisco, CA; Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual & Transgender Community Center, New York, NY; LGBT Center of Raleigh, Raleigh, NC; LIFE Skills Foundation, Durham, NC; Light-house Youth Services, Inc., Cincinnati, OH. 
Lutheran Social Services SW RAYS, 
Baraboo, WI; Lutheran Social Services Youth Services, Brainerd, MN; Matrix Human Services, Detroit, MI; MCCNY Char-ities, Inc., New York, NY; Miami Coalition for the Homeless, Miami, FL; Montgomery County Youth Services, Conroe, TX; Morgan County System of Services, Inc., Decatur, 
AL; New Morning Youth & Family Services, Placerville, CA; Northwest Family Services, Inc., Alva, OK; Oasis Center, Nashville, TN; Open Arms, Inc., Albany, GA; Open Door Youth Services, Green Bay, WI; Ozone House Youth and Family Services, Ann Arbor, MI; Pathfinders Milwaukee, Inc., Milwaukee, WI; PathWays PA, Holmes, PA; Positive Alter-natives, Inc., Menomonie, WI; Pride Center of Staten Island, Inc., Staten Island, NY; Pridelines Youth Services, South FL; Project Oz, McLean County, IL; Project 16:49, Janesville, WI; Project Reach, New York, NY; Project YES, Ceres, CA. 
Proud Haven, Inc., Pittsburgh, PA; Red-
wood Community Action Agency—Youth Service Bureau, Eureka, CA; Richmond Gay Community Foundation, Richmond, VA; Ro-anoke Diversity Center, Roanoke, VA; Safe Haven of Racine, Inc., Racine, WI; Sanctuary of Hope, Los Angeles, CA; Sasha Bruce Youthwork, Inc., Washington, DC; School District 27J, Brighton, CO; Shaw House, Ban-gor, ME; Social Advocates for Youth, Santa Rosa, CA; Somerville Homeless Coalition, Somerville, MA; StandUp for Kids, Chicago, IL; StandUp for Kids, Washington, DC; SunServe, Wilton Manors, FL; Tahoe Youth & Family Services, South Lake Tahoe, CA; Tamar Counseling Services, Upland, CA; Teens Alone, Hopkins, MN. 
The Council of Churches of Greater Bridge-
port, Bridgeport, CT; The Gay and Lesbian Center of Southern Nevada, Las Vegas, NV; The HEAT Program, Brooklyn, NY; The Night Ministry, Chicago, IL; The Youth and Family Project, Inc., West Bend, WI; Urban Peak Colorado Springs, Colorado Springs, CO; Walker’s Point Youth & Family Center, Milwaukee, WI; Livingston Family Center— The Connection Youth Services, Howell, MI; School District 27J, Brighton, CO; YMCA of San Diego County, San Diego, CA; YMCA Safe Place Services, Louisville, KY; Young Adult Guidance Center, Inc., Atlanta, GA; YouthCare, Seattle, WA; Youth Emergency Services, Omaha, NE; Youth In Need, St. Louis, MO; Youth Outreach Services, Inc., Chicago, IL; YouthLink, Minneapolis, MN; Youth Service Bureau of St. Joseph County, Inc., South Bend, IN; Youth Services Bureau of Monroe County, Bloomington, IL; Youth Services for Stephens County, Inc., Duncan, OK; Youth Services of Tulsa, Tulsa, OK. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I see the 
distinguished senior Senator from Texas on the floor seeking recognition. I wonder if we could suggest the ab-sence of a quorum for just 1 minute. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I know 
the Senator from West Virginia will be giving her first speech in the Senate here shortly and I look forward to lis-tening to that, but I wanted to say a few words about the legislation we will be debating and hopefully passing this week, and that is the Justice for Vic-tims of Trafficking Act. 
This is without a doubt one of the 
most shocking and troubling issues fac-ing our country today. It is no exag-geration to say modern-day human slavery, at a time when we believed as a country that slavery was a part of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MR6.005 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1361 March 10, 2015 
our past and something we only read 
about in our history books. 
Many people are under the impres-
sion that human trafficking is a prob-lem somewhere else or at some other time in history, but the fact is human trafficking is a problem right now in all 50 States, right here in the United States of America, the most affluent country in the world. It is not just a problem in Texas, it is not just a prob-lem in Arizona, it is not just a problem in West Virginia, it is a problem in all 50 States. 
Thousands of young girls, many of 
them middle school age, are trapped into a life of bondage where they are abused and sold for sex every day. It is not easy to say, but it is true, and we must say it and we must acknowledge it. 
This is of course unconscionable. As 
the father of two daughters myself, it is simply heartbreaking to hear the stories of young women who have been trapped in this system. Of course, we can imagine it is every parent’s worst nightmare. 
One woman I have had the privilege 
of meeting and who shared her very personal story about this is Melissa Woodward from the Dallas-Fort Worth area in Texas. When she was 12 years old—12 years old—she was sold into the sex trade by a family member, some-body whom she had every right to as-sume cared for her, loved her, wanted her to grow up being a loved and pro-ductive person. But she was sold into the sex trade by a family member. Eventually she was pulled out of school and trafficked full time when she was in sixth grade. Her life became a pris-on. 
She was chained to a bed in a ware-
house. She endured regular beatings and, of course, she was sexually as-saulted with regularity. She was even set on fire by one of her captors. All the while, she was forced to serve be-tween 5 and 30 men every day. 
Melissa has said that she wished she 
were dead. Her story of her time in cap-tivity is gut-wrenching and heart-breaking, but just as sad is the way she was treated once she escaped from her captors. As is the case with so many victims, Melissa struggled for years to distance herself from her past. But in-stead of being treated as the victim she was, the criminal justice system actu-ally treated her as the criminal. That is an all too common outcome for vic-tims of trafficking, who are labeled as prostitutes and are left with few op-tions but to return to the nightmare that so sadly exists in our country. 
That needs to change. That is why I 
am glad the Senate is taking up the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, because this begins the process of mak-ing that important change. The bill helps law enforcement crack down on criminal trafficking rings and per-petrators of these crimes. 
Instead of a slap on the wrist and a 
fine, the so-called johns—the demand side for this terrible trade—will be treated as the child rapists and the 
criminals they are. No longer are we just going to deal with the supply side. We are going to pay attention to the demand side too. 
Critically, this bill takes fines from 
the perpetrators of these awful crimes and redirects them into a crime vic-tims fund which will help people such as Melissa and others get a fresh lease on life, to begin to heal and to get the help they so badly need in order to get on with their lives. 
This week we have a wonderful op-
portunity in the Senate, in a town that is too often divided by ideology and partisanship, to do something together on a bipartisan basis that can help peo-ple such as Melissa and the thousands of young girls like her waiting to be saved. All of us, Republicans and Democrats alike, are committed to working together to do everything we can to help these victims and to put an end to this abhorrent practice. 
This particular legislation we are 
taking up today passed unanimously out of the Judiciary Committee a few weeks ago. That doesn’t happen very often, but it did for this legislation. More than 200 groups around the coun-try—such as the NAACP, the National Center for Missing and Exploited Chil-dren, Rights4Girls, the Fraternal Order of Police, and the National Conference of State Legislatures—have all en-dorsed our work on this issue. 
I want to particularly thank some of 
my colleagues on the other side of the aisle who joined me on this effort: the senior Senator from Minnesota, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , and the senior Senator 
from Oregon, Mr. W YDEN . They have 
been great partners in this fight—not just this year but for many years. And there are many others. Another great partner has been the junior Senator from Illinois, Mr. K
IRK, who has 
worked for years to get antitrafficking legislation to the floor. He introduced a bill called the HERO Act which au-thorizes a program to recruit wounded, injured, and returning veterans and provides them with training in high- tech computer forensics and law en-forcement skills to help fight child ex-ploitation. 
I also want to acknowledge the great 
contribution of the junior Senator from Ohio, Mr. P
ORTMAN , who has a bill 
called the Bringing Missing Children Home Act, which improves the way cases of missing children are handled, strengthening law enforcement report-ing and response procedures. 
Both the HERO Act and the Bringing 
Missing Children Home Act have been incorporated into the underlying bill, and I want to thank both of them for their efforts and willingness to work with us to make the Justice for Vic-tims of Trafficking Act even stronger. 
I know there are Members who are 
interested in offering amendments to this legislation. Thanks to the major-ity leader, we are going to have an open process where anybody with a bet-ter idea who wants to add to this base of work that is contained in this bill 
will have the opportunity to do so, both offering amendments and seeking votes on those. 
This is a fight that sadly must be 
fought, but it is a fight we will win. When we do, we will finally have done our part to help deliver our Nation’s promise of freedom to those who are enslaved. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia. 
MAKING WASHINGTON WORK FOR WEST VIRGINIA  
Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I rise 
today to deliver my maiden speech as a Senator from West Virginia. I am deep-ly humbled by the confidence placed in me by fellow West Virginians. To serve as West Virginia’s first female Senator is a true honor and one that comes with great responsibility. I hope to serve as an example for that next gen-eration of West Virginians, including my own grandchildren Celia and Char-lie, and hopefully for many others. I find myself in a unique place in his-tory, and I am grateful to and inspired by my own loving family, my husband Charlie and our three children, Charles, Moore, and Shelley, and their spouses. 
For 14 years I have proudly served 
the people of West Virginia’s Second Congressional District in the House of Representatives. I bring that experi-ence to the Senate combined with a strong desire to make Washington work for West Virginia. 
West Virginia has a time-honored 
history of exceptional Senators, includ-ing my predecessors, Senators Jay Rockefeller and Robert C. Byrd. I am appreciative of their efforts to better West Virginia during their more than 80 years of combined public service in this great body. 
I am proud of our State’s rich his-
tory, culture, and natural beauty. But it is our people that I hold dearest in my heart. West Virginians are strong and resilient. We are the embodiment of our State’s history. Born of the Civil War, West Virginians fought for free-dom in the face of great turmoil. As a result, President Abraham Lincoln signed the proclamation making West Virginia the 35th State admitted to the Union. 
Today, our State’s forceful motto, 
‘‘Mountaineers are always free,’’ re-mains emblazoned in Latin on our State flag. We will never forget the principles on which our great State was founded. The Mountain State is home to unmatched scenery and nat-ural resources that can power our Na-tion’s economy. A State filled with small towns, Main Streets and tight knit communities, West Virginians come together to solve problems and help neighbors in need. I have often said that West Virginia is one big small town. 
West Virginians expect the Senate to 
find pragmatic solutions to the mo-mentous problems confronting our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MR6.028 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1362 March 10, 2015 
country. That is particularly true now 
during this period of divided govern-ment. There are clear differences among the American people, and these 
differences are certainly reflected in the Senate. 
West Virginia is represented by both 
parties in the Senate, and I look for-ward to continuing to work with my friend Senator J
OEMANCHIN in the 
months ahead, and I thank him for being here with me as a source of sup-port today. Together, I hope we can re-instate respect for the institution, a place where deliberation and debate are valued and all voices are heard. We owe it to the American people to do better. 
Throughout my time in Congress I 
have heard a clear and consistent mes-sage from West Virginians: Improve the economic opportunities for our State, stop the bickering, and fight for our jobs. As Leader M
CCONNELL has 
stated, to do this the Senate must work more, have an open amendment process—which we are going to be hav-ing here in the next several days—and take the tough votes. After all, that is why we are here. 
Today I will outline how I plan to 
produce bipartisan, commonsense solu-tions in the Senate to make West Vir-ginia communities stronger. This plan will create economic opportunities by bridging the gap and tackling Amer-ica’s infrastructure crisis, better con-necting West Virginia and rural com-munities through increased broadband access, caring for our Nation’s vet-erans, and ensuring a bright future for young West Virginians, and imple-menting a commonsense energy policy that utilizes our vast natural resources to provide affordable and reliable en-ergy. 
First, addressing our country’s crum-
bling infrastructure is an area that can bridge the partisan divide and further economic growth. American commu-nities need a strong Federal highway program and a full 6-year bill to meet the needs of our growing population, to ensure safety for travelers, and to offer opportunity for growth in areas that struggle economically. 
West Virginians, like many across 
the Nation, rely heavily on roads, bridges, and highway transit to fuel our economy, to access hard to reach areas in our State, to get to and from work, and to transport necessary goods and services. 
U.S. Route 35 will drastically im-
prove safety for residents in Putnam and Mason Counties. Corridor H will unleash the economic potential of our State’s eastern highlands. U.S. Route 340 will help address congestion in our eastern panhandle, and the Coalfields Expressway and the King Coal Highway can help isolated communities attract businesses and provide jobs. Point Pleasant’s Charles Lanham, a well-re-spected gentleman, had a vision. With his friend Jack Fruth, they began a crusade for their community. 
For many years Charles has worked 
to build the case for a 4-lane U.S. Route 35, a project that will provide a 
secure route to school for our children and serve as a regional transportation artery between Interstate 64 and the Great Lakes region. Charles under-stands the economic and safety bene-fits the road provides and has fought for them. 
Working with Charles we have made 
significant progress on Route 35, but all of our States need certainty to in-vest in our transportation infrastruc-ture. That certainty comes with a long-term surface transportation reau-thorization bill, which brings these projects to reality across the country. Working together we can and we must achieve this goal. Now is the time to move our transportation system for-ward. 
Second, I am committed to expand-
ing access to broadband in commu-nities across West Virginia, and I will be a champion for connecting our State. High-speed Internet access is a pillar of our 21st century infrastruc-ture and a gateway to growth in rural America. High-tech businesses can power our small communities. The world literally can be at your desktop. Unfortunately, for all the potential op-portunities that broadband can offer to rural America, not having this impor-tant service can place an almost insur-mountable barrier to economic devel-opment, and there are many areas in my State and the leader’s State that still do not have adequate access. These areas are at risk of being left be-hind. In Capon Bridge, WV, a lack of broadband access is an obstacle to at-tracting jobs and economic develop-ment. Sadly, Capon Bridge is not unique in this regard. 
Small communities across West Vir-
ginia and elsewhere in rural America lack fundamental infrastructure and lack access to vital opportunities as a result. 
The answer for Capon Bridge is not a 
regulated Internet. Too much govern-ment control would be counter-productive, choking off private sector expansion projects and hindering new technologies. But we have to recognize that there is a role for government in helping broadband reach those hard-to- serve communities. We should leverage resources at all levels of government and encourage public-private partner-ships to expand access to rural Ameri-cans. This is a necessary and achiev-able goal. It may sound like a small de-sire, but connectivity is essential to compete and thrive. 
Health care access is critically im-
portant to West Virginians. We must continue to provide access to our vet-erans and to our children. West Vir-ginians have a strong history of service to our Nation. These brave men and women have put themselves in harm’s way to defend our freedoms. It is our solemn responsibility to care for them when they return home. 
These American heroes deserve the 
best possible treatment and top-notch mental health services. Access to care can be especially chal-
lenging for our veterans who live in rural communities. Many West Vir-ginia veterans must travel significant distances to get to a VA hospital. In many cases, allowing veterans to re-ceive treatment closer to home is more convenient for the patient and more ef-ficient for the VA. While we have made strides to improve access for our vet-erans, the current program is not working as well as it should. More must be done. 
Expanded access to private medical 
providers will help improve the quality of care we offer to our veterans. Our children in the Mountain State also de-serve quality health care. If our chil-dren, the next generation of leaders, are going to realize their potential, they must have a healthy foundation. A solid education and good health are pillars for success of future genera-tions. As a parent and grandparent, this is personal. We must work to-gether to continue funding the State Children’s Health Insurance Program. 
I started my legislative career in the 
West Virginia House of Delegates where I served on the committee that first implemented the SCHIP program in our State. Today this program pro-vides access to health care for tens of thousands of West Virginia’s children. Maintaining this program is a priority I share with my predecessor, Senator Rockefeller, who was a tireless advo-cate for children’s health insurance during his three decades of service in this body. I am encouraged that Sen-ators in both parties have recognized the importance of providing continued funding for the bipartisan SCHIP pro-gram. 
Finally, and of critical importance to 
the State of West Virginia and the country, we need to work together to implement a commonsense energy pol-icy. We need an affordable and reliable energy policy that utilizes our State’s vast natural resources. We need a pol-icy that grows the economy and cre-ates new job opportunities. We need a policy that supports a strong middle class. We need a policy that ensures we continue to improve safety and our en-vironment even as we expand energy production. 
The administration’s overreach has 
contributed to thousands of coal min-ers losing their jobs in West Virginia and our neighboring States, dev-astating—I can’t overstate this enough—local communities and fami-lies. 
Last year I met a recently laid off 
coal miner from Raleigh County. After losing his job, his church came to-gether to prepare meals for other coal miners and their families while they searched for work. Neighbors helping neighbors—the West Virginia way. This is a stark reminder of the impact mis-guided Federal policies can have on the lives of real people. 
Anti-coal policies impact more than 
miners and their families. In West Vir-ginia the attack on coal mines reduces 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MR6.011 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1363 March 10, 2015 
revenues for education programs, 
roads, and other public services. Higher utility prices caused by overregulation means fewer jobs in energy-intensive manufacturing. And sadly, lower in-come families and senior citizens who live on fixed incomes are dispropor-tionately impacted by higher energy costs. As chairman of the Sub-committee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety, I will lead the fight against ex-
cessive government regulation that has been devastating my State. 
There are many areas of energy pol-
icy where we can find common ground. While the EPA’s proposed greenhouse gas standards are misguided, we should continue to make the use of fossil fuel cleaner and more efficient. We must continue to support important research at Morgantown’s National Energy Technology Lab and other labs that al-lows us to make environmental progress even as we continue to use our natural resources. 
Natural gas is a large and growing 
part of West Virginia’s economy. As a child of Marshall County, which is the heart of the Marcellus Shale develop-ment in West Virginia, I am delighted to see these communities come alive with opportunity. It is proof positive that an energy economy is a jobs econ-omy. We need improved infrastructure in order to make full use of these gas reserves. We need new natural gas and oil pipelines that safely connect pro-ducing regions with manufacturers. We need new markets that can make use of these vital resources. We need a pro-ex-ports policy that will benefit our coun-try in multiple ways. The Nation will see more jobs and investment, more se-curity, and a more independent future, and at the same time we can strength-en our relationships with important al-lies overseas by providing them with the energy they need. 
These are just a few of the ideas I 
hope to refine and accomplish during my first term in the Senate. Notably, there are many other very important issues—such as national security, fiscal responsibility, a balanced budget, and replacement of the Affordable Care Act—on which I will be focusing. Our plate is full, and expectations are high, as they should be. We need to roll up our sleeves and deliver. I am optimistic that we can find solutions that move our country forward. There will be dif-ferences of opinion and philosophy along the way, but Americans expect us to bridge those gaps. 
Senator Byrd, the longest serving 
Senator, said it best: 
I love this Senate. I love it dearly. I love 
the Senate for its rules. I love the Senate for its precedence. I love the Senate for the dif-ference that it can make in people’s lives. 
Fighting for West Virginians always 
has been and always will be my top pri-ority. I am honored—I can’t overstate that—to represent the great people of the Mountain State as we strive to cre-ate a strong and prosperous future. Now is the time for Washington to work for West Virginia, and I stand ready to do my part. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
CONGRATULATING THE SENATOR FROM WEST  
VIRGINIA  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
wish to say to our new Senator from West Virginia what an outstanding speech not only for her State but the way forward for our country, and I con-gratulate her for an outstanding set of comments. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The sen-
ior Senator from West Virginia. 
Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I also 
wish to congratulate my colleague from West Virginia. We spoke earlier about how she and I can show the way to have a better relationship-building effort here in the Senate by working together in order to better serve the people of West Virginia and also the country. I congratulate my colleague on her great speech and look forward to working with her. I think she has done a great job for the people of West Virginia, and I again thank the Sen-ator. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Virginia. 
TACKLING NATIONAL SECURITY QUESTIONS  
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I rise to 
address a question to myself and every Member of this body, and the question is a serious one: Is the Senate capable of tackling challenging national secu-rity questions in a mature and respon-sible way? 
We have many hard national security 
challenges before us now. Three of those challenges are urgent: the discus-sions about a potential nuclear deal with Iran, the discussions in this body about military action by the United States against ISIL, and the delibera-tions that will take place this month about the American budget, which will determine whether we have the re-sources we need to meet our security challenges. We have to show the Amer-ican public—and I would argue the world—that we can give these issues the careful consideration they deserve, but I am forced to admit that recent events have caused me to have some significant doubts about our institu-tional capacity to tackle these issues in a responsible way. 
We recently—at the end of Feb-
ruary—ran up to the very brink of shutting down the Department of Homeland Security at a time when ter-rorist threats and other threats to our homeland security are so obvious on our borders and throughout the world. Thank goodness, after a week’s exten-sion of funding for Homeland Security, we pulled back from the brink. But that did not lead to an increase in con-fidence in this body, that Congress would contemplate not funding the De-partment of Homeland Security. 
Last week there was a joint address 
to Congress by Prime Minister Netanyahu. I spent many hours con-versing with Prime Minister Netanyahu in his office about Iran and other topics, but I am sad to look at that joint address and basically say it was history-making in some unfortu-
nate ways. 
Congress has heard from the Prime 
Minister or President of Israel seven times in the last 50 years—eight times if you count last week. Last week’s ad-dress was unusual because it was de-signed in a partisan way. It was an in-vitation by the leadership of one party with an intentional decision not to let the White House know, not to let the minority party in Congress know, and to schedule the speech days before a contested foreign election, leading many to conclude that it was an effort by Congress to affect a foreign elec-tion, which we should never do. 
Following that speech, a carefully 
worked bipartisan bill that has been in-troduced in Congress to give Congress an appropriate review role over any po-tential Iranian nuclear deal was basi-cally hijacked. Instead of allowing the bill to go through Congress, there was a decision to force the bill to the floor for an immediate vote, which was seen by all as a partisan move. It was de-scribed by one of the Republican spon-sors of the bill as an effort to embar-rass Democrats. Thank goodness that at the end of the day that effort to ac-celerate consideration of what was a bipartisan bill was pulled back, and we will not be doing that this week. We will be allowing a normal committee process. But the fact that the effort was made did damage to reasonable bi-partisan consideration of this impor-tant issue. 
Then yesterday we all awoke to the 
news that there had been a partisan letter signed by 47 Senators—47 of my colleagues, many of whom I work with very closely—not to the President say-ing ‘‘We have concerns about a deal, and we are going to weigh in’’ but in-stead to the leader of a nation that we characterize as a terrorist state. This letter presumed to instruct the nation about what Congress might or might not do. The letter was widely viewed as an effort to undercut or dilute diplo-matic negotiations that are in the best tradition of our country, the notion of diplomacy. 
I just came from hearings this morn-
ing in the Armed Services Committee where we heard what we have heard for 2
1⁄2years: advice from our military 
leadership to the Senate that sequester is hurting our national defense. Will you finally listen to us? Will you do something about it? 
All of these events over the last few 
weeks when taken together suggest the sad possibility of a Senate that will elevate partisan political division over careful and constructive deliberation, even on the most critical security issues that affect the security of our country and the world. I deeply believe that this body—the Senate and Con-gress generally—has to pull back from the brink of irresponsible and partisan action with respect to these critical se-curity questions because the stakes are simply too high. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MR6.012 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1364 March 10, 2015 
With respect to the Iranian nuclear 
negotiation, I share many of the con-cerns of my 47 colleagues who wrote the letter. I share many of the con-cerns of the Prime Minister that were shared in his speech last week. But I deeply believe we should not try to tank a deal, critique a deal, or under-cut a deal before there is a deal because to the extent there are efforts to stand and say this is a bad deal before there is a deal, the message that is commu-nicated to the American public and to the world is: We will never accept any deal. We are not interested in diplo-macy. We are not interested in negotia-tion. 
That attitude plays directly into the 
hands of the nation of Iran, which is currently engaging in terrorist activ-ity. They want to be able to blame the absence of any deal on an intransigent United States that is unwilling to ne-gotiate in good faith. 
We should not tank a deal before 
there is a deal. Instead, why don’t we do what we are supposed to do as the greatest deliberative body in the world? Why don’t we allow negotiators who have been working in the best tra-ditions of American diplomacy to see if they can find a deal and then put it on the table for the review of Congress, as has always been contemplated? 
I am a proud original cosponsor and 
worked on the draftsmanship of a bi-partisan bill that was introduced under the key sponsorship of Foreign Rela-tions chair Senator C
ORKER and rank-
ing member Senator M ENENDEZ to 
guarantee to Congress an appropriate review of any final deal with Iran over their nuclear program if such a deal was reached. This is a bill which is rig-orously bipartisan—not partisan, not political, not rushed, not accelerated, but rigorously bipartisan. It respects the ongoing process by allowing the ne-gotiators to do their work and see if they can find an outcome. It guaran-tees Congress a debate and vote if a deal includes relief under the congres-sional sanctions Congress has enacted over the years. It is appropriately def-erential to the Executive, allowing the Executive the flexibility to do sanc-tions relief under Executive or inter-national sanctions that have not been part of any congressional statute. 
This is a bipartisan bill which pro-
vides some assurance to allies. Our al-lies in the region—allies that are most affected by the Iranian nuclear ambi-tions are not part of the P5+1, whether you are talking about Israel or Gulf State nations or Jordan. The nations most affected by Iranian nuclear ambi-tions are not part of the P5+1, and the Corker-Menendez bill would give them some comfort that a deal, if an-nounced, would receive some careful scrutiny in this body. 
Finally, I believe the Corker-Menen-
dez bipartisan approach even provides some important assurances to Iran in the negotiation. We want Iran to make not small concessions, we want them to make big and bold concessions and give up any intent to develop nuclear 
weapons. But what is the likelihood that Iran will make those concessions if they have no knowledge about what Congress’s intent is vis-a ´-vis the con-
gressional statutory provisions? 
There is a right way and a wrong way 
to approach these matters. To rush it, to label a deal as a bad deal before there is a deal, to make it entirely par-tisan rather than bipartisan, reflecting the will of the body, is an effort to un-dercut negotiations that weakens our President, weakens our country, and weakens our credibility; whereas if we proceed in a bipartisan way, we can make the deal stronger. 
Similarly—and then I wish to cede 
the moment to my colleague, the Sen-ator from Maine—we are about to start work on another critically important issue—whether Congress should finally, after 7-plus months, have a debate to authorize an ongoing war against the Islamic State in the Levant that was begun on August 8 by the President. We are now in the eighth month of a uni-lateral war, and aside from a Foreign Relations Committee vote in com-mittee in December, Congress has not had a meaningful vote or debate on this fundamental responsibility. We owe it to ourselves and to this institu-tion, we owe it to the important na-tional security interests at stake, and especially we owe it to the people who are risking their lives in this war—and we have already had deaths of Amer-ican servicemembers as part of Oper-ation Inherent Resolve—we owe it to them to show we can have a meaning-ful debate that is not partisan, that is not rushed, but that is careful and de-liberate. They have been waiting for 7- plus months to see whether Congress even cares. 
We are at war by a Presidential act. 
Does Congress even care enough to have the debate on the floor of the Sen-ate and in the House of Representa-tives? Is it just partisanship now? Is it just delay now? Does the fact our serv-ice men and women are risking their lives even matter to us now? 
This is the debate we will be entering 
into within the next few days, starting with the hearing in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee tomorrow. We can’t afford, on important issues of na-tional security such as Iran or such as the war against ISIL, to send the im-pression to our troops, to our citizens, to our global citizens around the world, that on these important matters Con-gress is now just a partisan sort of sideshow rather than the deliberative body we were set up to be. We have to find a bipartisan path forward on these important security issues or we weak-en confidence in this institution and in the leadership of this country. 
In conclusion, the national security 
interests that are at stake right now before us are fundamental, whether it is about Iran, whether it is about the battle against ISIL, or whether it is about the budgetary deliberations we will be undertaking this month—a budgetary deliberation that will deter-
mine whether we can meet our com-mitments in these national security challenges. We have to get these de-bates right for the good of our country and the world, and we have to get them right to demonstrate to all that this institution does have the maturity to tackle these issues in a reasonable way. 
With that, I yield the last minute or 
so of my time to my colleague from Maine, Senator K
ING. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
CRUZ). The Senator from Maine. 
Mr. KING. Mr. President, there is lit-
tle I can add to the remarks of the Sen-ator from Virginia on this issue. 
I think this institution is being test-
ed this week, this month, and over the next several months in a way that is really somewhat new. The test, the question, is: Can we deal with the most serious of issues facing this country and the world in a responsible, reason-able, and, yes, bipartisan, nonpartisan way? 
I also worked with B
OBCORKER , Sen-
ator K AINE, and the whole group that 
worked on putting together—Senator M
ENENDEZ —a bipartisan bill to provide 
Congress a role in the approval of whatever deal is struck with Iran. I be-lieve Congress should have that role. But in those discussions, my concern was that some of our Members will not be able to resist the temptation to po-liticize and make a partisan issue— even this grave issue of war and peace, this grave issue that faces this country and the entire world—of the possibility of a regime such as that in Iran achiev-ing nuclear weapons. 
This is not an ideological debate. 
This is a serious debate about the fu-ture of this country. This is one of the most serious negotiations of our adult lives. I want Congress to have a role, but I want it to play that role weighing the merits, pro or con, the actual ma-terials that are in the treaty—in the agreement. I want us to have that role, but I want to be sure we can respond to that in a responsible way. Frankly, the actions of the last few days have shak-en that confidence, because we have seen what appears to be an effort to gain political and partisan advantage from this gravest of national issues. 
I understand there are differences 
about what the deal should look like and what the terms should be. That is OK. That is what we should be dis-cussing. But to turn this into a par-tisan issue I think does a grave dis-service to this entire country, and to undercut the President in the last stages of the negotiation to me is un-precedented and unthinkable. 
I was a young man at the time of the 
Cuban missile crisis. I cannot imagine the Congress of the United States writ-ing a letter to Kruschev in the midst of those discussions and saying, Don’t worry about this guy Kennedy, he doesn’t speak for the country. Yet that essentially is what took place yester-day. I don’t understand the need or the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MR6.013 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1365 March 10, 2015 
helpfulness of such a statement at a 
time when we were already moving to-ward a bipartisan—I believe probably veto-proof—bill to provide this institu-tion with a check on the quality of the deal that is being struck. 
It is not productive or helpful to turn 
issues of this kind into partisan issues. I hope we can step back from this par-tisan posture and meet this solemn re-sponsibility to assess what the Presi-dent and the administration and the other five countries—the agreement they come to with Iran—to determine whether, indeed, it is in the best inter-ests of the region and the world. That is our responsibility. I hope we can muster the ability to meet that respon-sibility in a serious way and not, for once, turn it into a partisan issue. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
TRIBUTE TO FEDERAL EMPLOYEES  
DR. FRANCIS COLLINS , DR. NANCY SULLIVAN , 
AND DR . WILLIAM GAHL  
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I wish to 
take a few moments today to speak about Federal workers in general and some of the people at the National In-stitutes of Health in particular. 
Government workers guard our bor-
ders, protect us from terrorists, treat our wounded veterans, dispense Social Security checks to our retirees, find cures for diseases, guide the Nation’s air traffic, explore the tiniest particles and the vast expanse of outer space, en-sure our air is safe to breathe, our water is safe to drink, our food is safe to eat, support our service men and women in harm’s way, and promote our interests and ideals abroad. For whom does the government work? Govern-ment works for America. 
The Washington Post recently re-
ported that since reliable data first be-came available shortly before World War II, the percentage of all employed people working for the Federal Govern-ment hit an all-time low in December. Fewer than 2 percent of the total U.S. workforce is employed by the Federal Government. Over nearly the past half century, from 1966 to 2012—the most re-cent year for which comparable data is available—the number of Federal workers in the executive branch dropped by 83,000. During that time, the U.S. population increased from under 200 million to over 300 million people and the gross domestic product nearly quadrupled. 
We can argue over whether we want 
bigger government or smaller govern-ment, but we should all agree we want better government. We can’t have bet-ter government when Federal workers are constantly under assault. We need to stop treating the Federal workforce like a rented mule. We need to treat the Federal workforce like the critical asset it is. 
A 2011 report by the National Acad-
emy of Public Administration and the Kettering Foundation concluded that programs operated by civil servants re-ceive ‘‘significantly higher’’ scores for 
management and effectiveness than those run by ‘‘grant- and contract- based third parties.’’ 
I think part of the problem is that 
Americans have come to accept that Federal workers are nameless, faceless bureaucrats. They aren’t. They are people who are patriotic Americans and dedicated to public service. They have families and support their com-munities. They have been asked to do more and more with less and less while being subjected to pay freezes, seques-tration-related furloughs, government shutdowns, and threats to their bene-fits. They have contributed $150 billion to deficit reduction while still working hard on behalf of all Americans. 
Today, as I mentioned, I wish to 
focus on the Federal workers at the National Institutes of Health. I wish to introduce my colleagues and all Ameri-cans to a few of the Federal workers who are making life better for all of us. But first a description of the NIH so people can understand its mission. 
I can sum up its mission in two 
words: saving lives. The NIH is the world’s premier biomedical and health- related research facility. Its job is to perform and fund the research that helps improve the Nation’s health—a job it has carried out for over a cen-tury. 
I am proud the NIH is headquartered 
in Maryland, but it is important to un-derstand that NIH support of medical research at other research institutions has created jobs and fostered economic growth in each and every State, while establishing and maintaining the United States as the global leader in the life sciences. NIH-supported re-search added $69 billion to our GDP and supported 7 million jobs in 2011 alone. 
In the weeks and months ahead, Con-
gress and the administration will have to decide whether they have to replace sequestration with a more logical, co-herent, strategic, and responsible form of budgeting. 
While we will have disagreements 
over the details, if anyone needs to be convinced about the value of replacing sequestration, look no further than the situation at NIH. Funding constraints there not only cost people their jobs, they are costing people their lives. 
NIH funding has multiple drivers, but 
comparing the fiscal year 2013 figures with the fiscal year 2012 figures, large-ly because of sequestration, approxi-mately 640 fewer competitive research project grants were issued and approxi-mately 750 fewer new patients were ad-mitted to the NIH Clinical Center. Each these affects a person’s life. Each of these has consequences when we do not move forward as we should. 
A recent survey determined that 
nearly 20 percent of the biomedical sci-entists have considered leaving the United States due to sequestration. We are losing our best. Nearly one-half of the scientists surveyed said they have laid off staff in their laboratories or are considering laying off staff due to losing NIH grants. More than 50 per-
cent of the researchers say they have colleagues who have lost his or her job. 
What is the impact? Delays in life-
saving medical progress. Medical breakthroughs do not happen over-night. In almost all instances, break-through discoveries result from years of incremental research to understand how diseases start and progress. Cuts to research are delaying progress in medical breakthroughs, including de-veloping better cancer drugs that zero in on a tumor with fewer side effects; research on a universal flu vaccine that could fight every strain of influenza without needing a yearly shot; pre-venting debilitating chronic conditions that are costly to society and delay de-velopment of more effective treat-ments for common and rare diseases af-fecting millions of Americans. 
NIH Director Dr. Francis Collins re-
cently wrote the column ‘‘Exceptional Opportunities in Medical Science’’ in which he describes the excitement over ‘‘personalized medicine,’’ the BRAIN initiative, and development of the Ebola vaccine. He has also shared his concern about the budget challenges NIH faces. 
Let me quote from Dr. Collins: 
Although all of these ambitious scientific 
endeavors offer exceptional promise for ad-vancing human health, the effect that un-precedented budget pressures are having on biomedical research cannot be ignored. Due to inflation, the NIH budget has lost almost 25 percent of its purchasing power over the last decade. The decline has had important consequences. The NIH once funded one in three research proposals, but now only has enough resources to support one in six. As a result, a great deal of excellent science is being left unfunded. 
Last October Dr. Collins stated that 
cuts in Federal funding slowed the de-velopment of vaccines and therapies for the deadly Ebola virus, saying: ‘‘Frankly, if we had not gone through our 10-year slide in research support, we probably would have had a vaccine in time for this that would have gone through clinical trials and would have been ready.’’ 
Think about the lives that could 
have been saved. 
To Americans who wonder what their 
tax dollars do—well, some go to NIH to find treatments and cures for cancer, depression, arthritis, substance abuse, addiction, diabetes, and Alzheimer’s disease. To date, 145 NIH-supported re-searchers have received or shared 85 Nobel Prizes. 
Not everyone wins a Nobel Prize, so 
let me talk about people who aren’t in the spotlight—people some of our col-leagues might refer to as ‘‘nameless, faceless bureaucrats.’’ I will highlight the work of two of them today who are making a tremendous contribution as public servants. 
Dr. Nancy Sullivan, Chief of the Vac-
cine Research Center, has been work-ing on an Ebola vaccine for nearly two decades, dating back to when she was an investigator at the University of Michigan with the then-NIH grantee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MR6.014 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1366 March 10, 2015 
and now former Director, Dr. Gary 
Nabel. Most vaccines spur production of a person’s immune system’s anti-bodies that block a virus from entering the cells, but that approach doesn’t work for Ebola. 
Gene-based vaccines can induce addi-
tional virus fighters called T-cells, so that is what Dr. Sullivan created, using pieces of Ebola genetic material. It is the most promising approach yet, and it is being tested in the parts of West Africa that have been hit the hardest with Ebola, where more than 9,000 people have died. 
The concept for Dr. Sullivan’s vac-
cine has been 16 years in the making, beginning back when few people out-side the global infectious disease com-munity had even heard of the deadly disease. Over the years, Dr. Sullivan and her team continued to tweak her ideas, constantly improving on them. Eventually she followed Dr. Nabel to NIH. 
Many experts in the vaccine research 
community had begun to believe Ebola was insurmountable. They thought it was too aggressive for a vaccine to ever protect against it. But Dr. Sullivan never lost heart that her work would one day prove successful. 
The Ebola virus infection is a highly 
lethal disease for which there are no ef-fective therapeutic or preventive treat-ments. Consequently, work with these viruses requires highly specialized BSL–4 containment labs—the highest biosafety labs. Dr. Sullivan is a leader in the field and has personally con-ducted many of the most critical ex-periments. Her work on immunology and vaccine development is widely con-sidered as some of the very best in the field. In spite of the difficulties associ-ated with access to BSL–4 labs, her work has consistently been the source of novel observations. 
Dr. Sullivan received her Ph.D. in 
cell biology from Harvard University in 1997. She received her master of science in environmental engineering in 1989, also from Harvard University. 
I brought a poster to the floor where 
we see President Obama visited NIH to personally congratulate Dr. Sullivan for her incredible work on behalf of world health. 
Some people may be familiar with 
the TV show ‘‘House.’’ The main char-acter, Dr. Gregory House, is brilliant at diagnosing conditions and illnesses that baffle everyone else. The real-life Dr. House is Dr. William Gahl, the founding Director of the Undiagnosed Diseases Program at NIH. He is Amer-ica’s leading medical detective, a phy-sician dedicated to finding answers for long-suffering patients with mys-terious illnesses that long eluded diag-nosis. Dr. Gahl has brought together a unique combination of elite medical specialists, researchers, and Federal re-sources to solve baffling illnesses and provide desperate patients and their families with information and possible solutions and treatments for their often life-threatening ailments. Results include diagnosis and treat-
ment of diseases so rare they don’t even have names, plus new genetic dis-coveries, improved disease manage-ment, and the advancement of medical knowledge. NIH Director Dr. Collins said the Undiagnosed Diseases Pro-gram, which Dr. Gahl conceived and started, serves as a kind of court of last resort for patients without a diag-nosis. Dr. Gahl has convinced some of 
the best, brightest, and busiest physi-cians to participate, and has devoted tremendous energy to examining pa-tient records, selecting cases for in- depth analysis, and helping people who are seriously ill. 
Under Dr. Gahl’s stewardship, the 
program regularly involves a collective effort by more than 25 attending physi-cians of different specialties. The co-operation by a diverse group of experts has helped create a coherent view of each patient instead of the organ-by- organ orientation taken by most spe-cialists. Patients are brought to the NIH campus in Bethesda for an inten-sive week. They meet with a parade of specialists who study their medical his-tories, perform thorough exams, and take numerous tests. 
The doctors then meet to discuss 
what they have seen, discovered, or may have missed. They also debate various theories, trying to connect the dots, and come up with a possible diag-nosis and treatment. 
Scientists working with Dr. Gahl dis-
covered the genetic cause of a vascular disorder not previously identified in the medical literature. The rare condi-tion, identified in nine individuals, arises in adulthood and causes arterial calcification in the hands and feet, but does not affect arteries in the heart. The symptoms include acute pain after walking more than a short distance. The disorder previously baffled the medical field and evaded diagnosis when conventional methods were used. 
In another instance, physicians 
working with Dr. Gahl identified the reason why a woman’s muscles had grown painfully large and hard under-neath her skin, making it increasingly difficult for her to perform daily ac-tivities. This turned out to be an ex-tremely rare, generally fatal complica-tion of multiple myeloma, and the di-agnosis by the NIH Undiagnosed Dis-eases Program resulted in a stem cell bone marrow transplant that allows her to lead a normal life. These are people who had no hope, no hope at all. They came to NIH, and they have got-ten government-supported help to give them hope and to give them life. 
Dr. Gahl earned his B.S. in biology 
from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1972 and his M.D. from the University of Wisconsin in 1976. He obtained a Ph.D. degree in oncology re-search from Wisconsin’s McArdle Lab-oratory for Cancer Research in 1981. He has published more than 350 peer-re-viewed papers and trained 36 bio-chemical geneticists. 
Dr. Gahl has made a number of sem-
inal discoveries regarding rare diseases during his career. He said deciding who 
to admit into the Undiagnosed Diseases Program is always very difficult and much like triage on the battlefield. You have to make decisions about where you think you can do some good. 
The Undiagnosed Diseases Program 
serves people who feel helpless, have suffered greatly, have waited many years for answers, and must be treated with respect and attention. According to Dr. Gahl, the NIH caregivers under-stand the desperation the patients and their families feel and try to balance the difficulty finding solutions with a realistic measure of hope. 
Dr. John Gallin, Director of the NIH 
Clinical Center, said Dr. Gahl takes cases after everyone else has given up. He said that in a short time the pro-gram has developed new approaches for investigating, understanding, and diag-nosing rare disorders, and has added to the body of medical knowledge. As Dr. Gallin put it, as a result of the NIH Undiagnosed Diseases Program, the language of medicine is changing. The different specialists working together now are beginning to find common ways. 
Nancy Sullivan and Bill Gahl are just 
two of the dedicated people who work in the Federal Government. They are not nameless, faceless bureaucrats. They are dedicated, hard-working Americans trying to make life better for all of us under difficult cir-cumstances. At a minimum, they de-serve our gratitude and respect. They also deserve a predictable and reason-able budget to support their critical work. 
In the weeks ahead I will be dis-
cussing the accomplishments of other outstanding Federal workers so that Americans can understand government works for America. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
RECESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:37 p.m., 
recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF TRAF-
FICKING ACT OF 2015—Continued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana. 
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I rise 
today to discuss a serious crime and a violation of human rights that must be stopped—human trafficking. It is a form of modern-day slavery, people profiting from the control and exploi-tation of others. 
I rise as a doc, a fellow who has prac-
ticed in the public hospital system for 32 years, understanding the unique role nurses, physicians, and other health care providers play in this issue. 
Health care providers are frontline 
and one of the few to interact directly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MR6.015 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1367 March 10, 2015 
with trafficked women and children. A 
recent survey published in the Annals of Health Law reports that 28 percent of trafficked women sought a health care professional while being held cap-tive. 
Now, this does not mean that the 
nurse, the doctor or other health care provider had the training to recognize it, but because of the unique and crit-ical involvement with these victims, it is important these health care pro-viders do have the tested tools and training to identify and help those being trafficked. 
The Trafficking Awareness Training 
for Health Care amendment would save lives and, as importantly, would begin the rebuilding of lives destroyed by modern-day slavery. It would provide for the development of best practices to enable health care workers to recog-nize and assist victims of human traf-ficking. 
It is proven that many trafficking 
victims report receiving health care from federally funded clinics and emer-gency rooms while in captivity yet, as I mentioned earlier, they go unde-tected. This legislation would improve the awareness of health care workers, ultimately helping these victims. 
Senator T
IMKAINE recently spoke 
about a missive that Pope Francis gave on Ash Wednesday, calling for us to be ‘‘islands of mercy in a sea of indiffer-ence.’’ The ethic of nurses, physicians, and other health care workers is to be that merciful creature. This would give them the training to better enable them to be that ‘‘island’’ in what for that woman or child caught in cap-tivity must seem a ‘‘sea of indiffer-ence.’’ 
Having passed the House by unani-
mous consent, this amendment rep-resents a bipartisan effort that will en-able the medical community to bring relief to those suffering in ways that those of us who have never been there 
cannot imagine. 
Senator P
ETERS is joining me in this 
bipartisan effort. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and help transform victims of trafficking into survivors and people who blossom. 
I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
President pro tempore. 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF FORCE AGAINST THE  
ISLAMIC STATE  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise 
today to discuss one of the most crit-ical national security challenges facing the Senate: specifically, how we should craft an authorization for the use of military force against the terrorist or-ganization known as the Islamic State. 
I have spoken before on the floor 
about what I believe the outline of an authorization should contain. Now that the President has released his pro-posal—and with Secretary Kerry, Sec-retary Carter, and General Dempsey slated to testify tomorrow on behalf of this proposal—I feel compelled to ad-dress this topic in greater detail. 
Before delving into the specifics of 
the administration’s proposed author-ization, we should consider how this in-
stitution has grappled with these vital questions throughout our Nation’s his-tory. Dating back to 1798, Congress has on several occasions enacted legisla-tion short of a formal declaration of war authorizing the use of military force by the President. In the late 18th and early 19th centuries, Congress au-thorized U.S. naval action against both state and non-state actors who at-tacked U.S. commercial vessels. More recent authorizations formally passed by the Congress include those intended to protect the Middle East, Taiwan, and Southeast Asia from communist aggression in the 1950s and 1960s. And since the end of the Cold War, we have passed authorizations concerning Leb-anon, the September 11 attacks, and Iraq—all in 1991 and in 2002. 
I voted for those latter four author-
izations here in this Chamber. Each case was unique, but in every case the White House did not send the Congress ‘‘take it or leave it’’ language. Rather, the Senate and the House fashioned text that represented a negotiated out-come with the White House and within Congress. 
For example, Presidents Eisenhower 
and George H.W. Bush worked closely with Congress to obtain strong author-izations for the use of military force, despite Democrats controlling both Chambers. President George W. Bush twice did the same with a Democrat- led Senate. This approach yielded con-crete benefits—a more thoughtful de-bate and strategy around our use of force, greater unity in supporting our military, and congressional willingness to fulfill our constitutional respon-sibilities. 
Historically, the Senate has fulfilled 
its role as a place of intelligent, in-formed debate in moving authoriza-tions for use of military force. We must do so again as we consider this author-ization to combat the Islamic State. Thirteen years ago, as the Senate began to deliberate over an authoriza-tion to rid Iraq of its violent dictator, I said: We all must leave our political party affiliations at the door when it comes to our national security and supporting our troops in the field. 
It is time for Congress to come to-
gether, to hold a public debate, and to craft the right authorization to defeat the Islamic State. 
Turning to the proposed authoriza-
tion before us today, I agree with the legal interpretation offered by the Obama administration that the execu-tive branch has the power to conduct operations against the Islamic State under article II of the Constitution and the existing authorizations from 2001 and 2002. Unfortunately, the adminis-tration has undermined the credibility of its own proposal by continuously changing its position as to how the 2001 and 2002 authorizations should be em-ployed. Therefore, in order to settle any legal questions about the power to use force against the Islamic State— and to demonstrate America’s resolve in this fight against terror—I firmly 
believe that a new authorization should be enacted. 
Accordingly, the senior Senator from 
Oklahoma and I discussed in this Chamber last month three principles that we believe should be included in a new authorization for the use of mili-tary force against the Islamic State. 
First, the authorization must clearly 
articulate that the executive branch is authorized to use force—employed in accordance with the law of war— against the Islamic State. 
Second, the authorization must be 
flexible enough to be used against the Islamic State as it appears today but also in whatever form the Islamic State transforms into in the future. This flexibility must include the au-thority to use force against organiza-tions that associate with or support the Islamic State. 
Finally, and most importantly, the 
authorization must not impose any ar-tificial and unnecessary limitations, such as those based on time, geog-raphy, and type of force, which could interfere with our strategic objective of defeating the Islamic State. 
Unfortunately, the President’s draft 
authorization does not fully adhere to these principles. 
First, the President’s proposal ‘‘does 
not authorize the use of the United States Armed Forces in enduring offen-sive ground operations.’’ Obviously, this is an unwise artificial limitation on what type of forces we can employ. But the President’s proposed operative text offers little to define what this re-striction entails. Therefore, my initial reaction, one that is widely shared, is: What does this restriction mean? 
To be fair, the President’s introduc-
tory letter that accompanied his draft does provide some insight into the ad-ministration’s interpretation of this phrase. Specifically, the President ar-gues that the authorization would pro-vide him with the power to conduct rescue operations, to provide advice and assistance to partner forces, and to deploy the use of Special Forces in missions against the Islamic State’s leadership, intelligence collection, and targeting missions. 
But in laying out his vision, the 
President’s proposal also tells our en-emies what he is not prepared to do. Knowing these limitations would pro-vide the Islamic State with a critical advantage: The terrorists would exploit this information in crafting their strategies. Why would we telegraph our strategy to our enemies? 
The President’s proposed legal limi-
tations will also limit our ability to adjust our strategy as needed based on the military situation on the ground. For example, when our counterterror-ism strategy in Iraq faltered during the mid 2000s, we changed it and we adopt-ed a new counterinsurgency strategy commonly called the surge. As we all know, the surge was a great success. 
Therefore, ensuring any authoriza-
tion has the flexibility to allow our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MR6.030 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1368 March 10, 2015 
forces to change and adapt their strate-
gies and tactics is essential. Imposing the President’s proposed artificial and unnecessary, yet legally binding, re-strictions on our forces would be a co-lossal mistake. 
Indeed, General Jack Keane, who de-
vised the principles of the surge, re-cently testified before the Senate Armed Services Committee about his own proposal as to how to conduct op-erations against the Islamic State. In his testimony, the general did advocate using Special Forces in a similar man-ner to what the President discussed in his letter accompanying his proposal. But the general went further. He stated that the United States and our coali-tion partners should position combat brigades in Kuwait if our current oper-ation ‘‘stalls or is defeated.’’ 
Obviously, the use of combat bri-
gades would be prohibited under the President’s proposal. Therefore, if the President’s limited operations are not successful and additional ground forces are required, adopting the President’s proposal would create significant un-certainty. 
This raises the question: Would Con-
gress need to debate and pass yet an-other authorization before those units could be used in combat? On its face, this would be completely impractical and hardly in our national security in-terest. 
Another area in which the Presi-
dent’s proposal does not provide suffi-cient flexibility is its 3-year time limi-tation. Simply put, if we advertise when the authorization expires at an arbitrary date and time, will our en-emies not hunker down and wait for that date? 
Secretary of State John Kerry stated 
in his previous testimony before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee that the administration does not be-lieve a new authorization should in-clude a geographic limitation. To its credit, the President’s proposal does not. Specifically, the Secretary argued: ‘‘In our view, it would be a mistake to advertise to ISIL that there are safe havens for them outside of Iraq and Syria.’’ 
Undoubtedly, the Secretary was con-
cerned about creating artificial limita-tions that could negatively affect our ability to conduct necessary military operations. He is right. But his concern should extend to the other artificial re-strictions that appear in this proposal. How else can we read the prohibition of ‘‘enduring offensive ground combat op-erations’’ and a 3-year time limitation? 
In conclusion, we can do better. Our 
forces must have the flexibility to use, or the ability to threaten to use, what-ever tools and strategies are necessary to defeat the Islamic State. When America enters into a fight, we should enter to win. And we should not just do this in a halfhearted, stupid way. 
So I hope the White House will recon-
sider some of the things that they have advocated and that they have set forth and get this thing done right so that if we are going to enter into warfare, we 
ought to know what we are doing and ought to have the tools and the legal legalities to be able to do it well. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
H
OEVEN ). The minority leader. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, what is the 
business before the Senate? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate is considering S. 178. 
Mr. REID. I suggest the absence of a 
quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
continued with the call of the roll. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, reserv-
ing the right to object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator cannot reserve the right to object. 
Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I 
know the Presiding Officer has other places to be, and I am going to be pre-siding in the chair in a moment. 
I will not offer amendments because 
my understanding is that even though we are on the bill, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle don’t want me to offer noncontroversial amend-ments. So I will wait until they are ready for that just to keep the peace on the floor, but I will talk about the amendments because they are incred-ibly important to the underlying legis-lation. 
We are talking about the human traf-
ficking legislation. This is something that as cochair and cofounder of the Human Trafficking Caucus, as a father, and as someone who represents the citizens of Ohio, who are directly af-fected by this, I have a strong interest. 
I am delighted the Senate is taking 
up this legislation. I do hope it will be not just bipartisan but nonpartisan. I do not see any reason for it not to move forward in the Senate, changing some of these laws that are in des-perate need of changing to ensure that this horrific practice of human traf-ficking and sex trafficking can be curbed. It can be minimized by legisla-tion that this Chamber should have taken up, in my view, some time ago. 
We really haven’t been at this sub-
ject for a decade. We know a lot more about the problem now. We know, un-fortunately, that about 300,000 of our youth are subject to human traf-ficking—about 1,000 in my home State of Ohio alone. The amendments I will offer—once 
someone on this side comes to the floor who will allow me to offer them—have to do with human trafficking in the broadest sense. 
The first amendment has to do with 
those people who are, unfortunately, trapped in sex trafficking being treated not as criminals but as victims and with ensuring that those victims get the proper care they need and the help to be able to get back on their feet. These are young people—we are told many times—who are between the ages of 11 and 13 when they are first exposed to human trafficking, in this case sex trafficking. In fact, that is the average age, we are told. 
Having talked to some of the victims 
at home, having talked to some of those who are in the trenches working, trying to help these young women, girls, young men, and boys, this legis-lation is badly needed to ensure we are looking at this—not again as a crimi-nal matter but—as victims who deserve our support. 
Specifically, it requires that every 
State put together a plan to improve child protection services—containing, among other things, provisions and procedures requiring identification and assessments of all reports involving children known or to be suspected vic-tims of sex trafficking—with better in-formation and better data, a descrip-tion of efforts to coordinate State law enforcement, child welfare agencies, and juvenile justice agencies such as runaway and homeless youth shelters to help serve these victims. 
Finally, this legislation calls for an 
annual State report on the number of children identified as known or sus-pected to be a victim of sex trafficking. 
The other amendment I am going to 
offer will be an amendment with regard to homeless children and youth. As has been discussed on this floor before, the HUD definition of homelessness prac-tically excludes the most common situ-ations for families and unaccompanied youths—and that would be staying in motels or temporarily with others be-cause there is no place else for them to stay. Even if local communities identi-fied these families or youth as having the most pressing unmet needs, com-munities can’t use the HUD homeless assistance funds to serve them except in extremely limited or near-impos-sible conditions. 
This is related to human trafficking 
and also to sex trafficking in that, un-fortunately, many of these young peo-ple involved in these situations—where they are homeless, where they are not on the street but are going from house to house or perhaps staying in a motel—are targeted by these traf-fickers. 
I believe these two amendments, 
which are not only bipartisan—and they are; I have support on both sides 
of the aisle—but are also nonpartisan and are ones that would be appropriate to include in the legislation. 
At the appropriate time I will offer 
those amendments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MR6.031 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1369 March 10, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. LEAHY. We need to confer for a 
couple of minutes. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 270 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I call 
up amendment No. 270. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. P ORTMAN ] pro-
poses an amendment numbered 270. 
Mr. PORTMAN. I ask unanimous 
consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend the Child Abuse Preven-
tion and Treatment Act to enable State child protective services systems to im-prove the identification and assessment of child victim of sex trafficking, and for other purposes) 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
TITLE IV—BETTER RESPONSE FOR 
VICTIMS OF CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING 
SEC. 401. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Ensuring a 
Better Response for Victims of Child Sex Trafficking’’. 
SEC. 402. CAPTA AMENDMENTS. 
(a) S TATE PLANS .—Section 106 of the Child 
Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5106a) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(2)(B)— (A) in clause (xxii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(xxiv) provisions and procedures requiring 
identification and assessment of all reports involving children known or suspected to be victims of sex trafficking (as defined in sec-tion 103(9)(B) of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102 (9)(B)); and 
‘‘(xxv) provisions and procedures for train-
ing child protective services workers about identifying, assessing, and providing com-prehensive services for children who are sex trafficking victims, including efforts to co-ordinate with State law enforcement, juve-nile justice, and social service agencies such as runaway and homeless youth shelters to serve this population;’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(17) The number of children determined to 
be victims described in subsection (b)(2)(B)(xxiv).’’. 
(b) S
PECIAL RULE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 111 of the Child 
Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5106g) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘For purposes’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) S
PECIAL RULE.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of section 
3(2) and subsection (a)(4), a child shall be considered a victim of ‘child abuse and ne-glect’ and of ‘sexual abuse’ if the child is identified, by a State or local agency em-ployee of the State or locality involved, as 
being a victim of sex trafficking (as defined in paragraph (10) of section 103 of the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)) or a victim of severe forms of trafficking in persons described in paragraph (9)(A) of that section. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE OPTION .—Notwithstanding the 
definition of ‘child’ in section 3(1), a State may elect to define that term for purposes of the application of paragraph (1) to section 3(2) and subsection (a)(4) as a person who has not attained the age of 24.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 3(2) 
of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treat-ment Act (42 U.S.C. 5101 note) is amended by inserting (‘‘including sexual abuse as deter-mined under section 111)’’ after ‘‘sexual abuse or exploitation’’. 
(3) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Paragraph 
(5)(C) of subsection (a), as so designated, of section 111 of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5106g) is amended by striking ‘‘inhumane;’’ and in-serting ‘‘inhumane.’’. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, this is 
the amendment I spoke about a mo-ment ago to ensure a better response for victims of child sex trafficking. 
AMENDMENT NO . 271 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I call 
up amendment No. 271. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection to setting aside the pending amendment? 
The Senator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, for the 
moment on this side there is an objec-tion to setting aside the pending amendment. I have no objection to the pending amendment being there, but— I have been told there is no objection. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. LEAHY. To my colleague from 
Ohio, go ahead. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. PORTMAN. I call up my amend-
ment No. 271. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. P ORTMAN ] pro-
poses an amendment numbered 271. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend the definition of ‘‘home-
less person’’ under the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act to include certain homeless children and youth, and for other purposes) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. AMENDMENTS TO THE MCKINNEY- 
VENTO HOMELESS ASSISTANCE ACT. 
The McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance 
Act (42 U.S.C. 11301 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 103— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (5)(A)— (I) by striking ‘‘are sharing’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘charitable organizations,’’; 
(II) by striking ‘‘14 days’’ each place that 
term appears and inserting ‘‘30 days’’; 
(III) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘or’’ after 
the semicolon; (IV) by striking clause (ii); and 
(V) by redesignating clause (iii) as clause 
(ii); and 
(ii) by amending paragraph (6) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(6) unaccompanied youth and homeless 
families with children and youth defined as homeless under other Federal statutes who— 
‘‘(A) are certified as homeless by the direc-
tor or designee of a director of a program funded under any other Federal statute; or 
‘‘(B) have been certified by a director or 
designee of a director of a program funded under this Act or a director or designee of a director of a public housing agency as lack-ing a fixed, regular, and adequate nighttime residence, which shall include— 
‘‘(i) temporarily sharing the housing of an-
other person due to loss of housing, eco-nomic hardship, or other similar reason; or 
‘‘(ii) living in a room in a motel or hotel.’’; 
and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) O
THER DEFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘other Federal statute’ has 
the meaning given that term in section 401; and 
‘‘(2) the term ‘public housing agency’ 
means an agency described in section 3(b)(6) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a(b)(6)).’’; 
(2) in section 401— (A) in paragraph (1)(C)— (i) by striking clause (iv); and (ii) by redesignating clauses (v), (vi), and 
(vii) as clauses (iv), (v), and (vi), respec-tively; 
(B) in paragraph (7)— (i) by striking ‘‘Federal statute other than 
this subtitle’’ and inserting ‘‘other Federal statute’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘of’’ before ‘‘this Act’’; (C) by redesignating paragraphs (14) 
through (33) as paragraphs (15) through (34), respectively; and 
(D) by inserting after paragraph (13) the 
following: 
‘‘(14) O
THER FEDERAL STATUTE .—The term 
‘other Federal statute’ includes— 
‘‘(A) the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act 
(42 U.S.C. 5701 et seq.); 
‘‘(B) the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et 
seq.); 
‘‘(C) subtitle N of the Violence Against 
Women Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 14043e et seq.); 
‘‘(D) section 330(h) of the Public Health 
Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254b(h)); 
‘‘(E) section 17 of the Child Nutrition Act 
of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1786); 
‘‘(F) the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 
U.S.C. 1001 et seq.); and 
‘‘(G) subtitle B of title VII of this Act.’’; (3) by inserting after section 408 the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 409. AVAILABILITY OF HMIS REPORT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The information pro-
vided to the Secretary under section 402(f)(3) shall be made publically available on the Internet website of the Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development in aggregate, non-personally identifying reports. 
‘‘(b) R
EQUIRED DATA.—Each report made 
publically available under subsection (a) shall be updated on at least an annual basis and shall include— 
‘‘(1) a cumulative count of the number of 
individuals and families experiencing home-lessness; 
‘‘(2) a cumulative assessment of the pat-
terns of assistance provided under subtitles B and C of this title for the each geographic area involved; and 
‘‘(3) a count of the number of individuals 
and families experiencing homelessness that are documented through the HMIS by each collaborative applicant.’’; 
(4) in section 422— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MR6.039 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1370 March 10, 2015 
(A) in subsection (a)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) R
ESTRICTION .—In awarding grants 
under paragraph (1), the Secretary may not consider or prioritize the specific homeless populations intended to be served by the ap-plicant if the applicant demonstrates that the project— 
‘‘(A) would meet the priorities identified in 
the plan submitted under section 427(b)(1)(B); and 
‘‘(B) is cost-effective in meeting the over-
all goals and objectives identified in that plan.’’; and 
(B) by striking subsection (j); (5) in section 424(d), by striking paragraph 
(5); 
(6) in section 427(b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in clause (vi), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(II) in clause (vii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; and 
(III) by striking clause (viii); (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in clause (iii), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(II) in clause (iv)(VI), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; and 
(III) by striking clause (v); (iii) in subparagraph (E), by adding ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(iv) by striking subparagraph (F); and (v) by redesignating subparagraph (G) as 
subparagraph (F); and 
(B) by striking paragraph (3); and (7) by amending section 433 to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘SEC. 433. REPORTS TO CONGRESS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall sub-
mit to Congress an annual report, which shall— 
‘‘(1) summarize the activities carried out 
under this subtitle and set forth the findings, conclusions, and recommendations of the Secretary as a result of the activities; and 
‘‘(2) include, for the year preceding the 
date on which the report is submitted— 
‘‘(A) data required to be made publically 
available in the report under section 409; and 
‘‘(B) data on programs funded under any 
other Federal statute. 
‘‘(b) T
IMING .—A report under subsection (a) 
shall be submitted not later than 4 months after the end of each fiscal year.’’. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, this is 
the homeless and youth amendment I spoke about a moment ago. I thank ev-eryone for their indulgence. I am pleased to have these amendments of-fered, and we will have an opportunity to speak on these amendments and an-other amendment I plan to offer later. 
I yield back the remainder of my 
time. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
(Mr. PORTMAN assumed the Chair.) Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
L
ANKFORD ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I rise 
today to offer my support to the under-lying legislation we are considering on the floor today. This is the most sig-
nificant antitrafficking legislation to come before the Senate in over a dec-ade. As I said earlier when I offered a couple of amendments, I am very pleased to be in this body on a non-partisan basis, not just a bipartisan basis, to be able to address this issue, and I would like to thank the Senators who have worked hard in their commit-tees to make that possible. I thank Senators C
ORNYN and K LOBUCHAR for 
their work. I see Senator W YDEN is 
here, Senator L EAHY is here, Senator 
GRASSLEY is here, and others who have 
been involved with this. They and their staffs are to be commended. It has been a good process. 
It is an issue a lot of us care about. 
Why? Because it is one that affects our States and our constituents in very significant ways. 
Last year I cofounded and I now co-
chair the Caucus on Human Trafficking with Senator B
LUMENTHAL , and we 
have had a number of good meetings and conferences here on the Hill bring-ing experts together and raising aware-ness of this issue. 
Unfortunately, this horrible crime af-
fects every single part of our country. In Ohio this came to my attention ini-tially because in parts of Ohio, along the I–75 corridor, particularly in To-ledo, there were higher incidences of prosecutions of human trafficking. A school group actually brought this to my attention several years ago. The more we looked into it, the more we re-alized that this affects so many of our constituents, and it particularly af-fects the most vulnerable in our soci-ety—children, runaways, the missing. In the greatest country on the face of the Earth, almost 300,000 of our Amer-ican children are at risk of trafficking and commercial sexual exploitation, more than 1,000 each year in Ohio alone. 
In 2000 I did support the last major 
bill that directly addressed this grow-ing problem of human trafficking. It was called the Trafficking Victims Protection Act. And I supported the re-authorization in 2011. But since that time we have learned a lot more about the problem. We now know more about how to eradicate what is really a mod-ern form of slavery. Our new legisla-tion, which is called the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015, builds on what we know works, and it strengthens protections for the vic-tims. 
I would like to take a moment, if I 
could, to talk about two of the bills that are contained within this under-lying legislation that are the product of a lot of bipartisan work that exem-plifies some of the finest traditions of this body. 
The first is the Bringing Missing 
Children Home Act. The Bringing Miss-ing Children Home Act is something I coauthored with Senator S
CHUMER on 
the other side of the aisle, and we did it because we know there is unfortu-nately a strong correlation between victims of sex trafficking and children 
who have recently been in and out of the child welfare system. We also know that children who have run away or who are missing are the most vulner-able to being abused, trafficked, and exploited. 
In 2014 an FBI sting recovered 168 
children who were victims of sex traf-ficking. Nearly each one of those chil-dren—nearly all of them had been in-volved in some kind of foster care or the child welfare system. Many of them had been reported missing—by the way, with insufficient information to find them. 
It is a strong correlation, and it is 
one that any effort to stop human traf-ficking must also address. That is what my legislation does. The Bringing Missing Children Home Act strength-ens law enforcement reporting and re-sponse procedures, making it easier to communicate and work with child wel-fare agencies. It accomplishes this in a number of ways. 
First, it amends the current Missing 
Children’s Assistance Act so that Fed-eral law makes clear that children who are trafficked or sexually exploited are treated as victims and not as crimi-nals. You will hear this in this debate, and this is one of the great underlying aspects of this legislation, we are changing the way we look at this, to understand that there is simply no such thing as a child prostitute. 
Second, this legislation requires law 
enforcement to update their records of missing children within 30 days with all the relevant information obtained during the initial investigation. This is very important because this new infor-mation will allow us to find these chil-dren more easily and more quickly, to avoid them falling into the trap of sex-ual trafficking and traffickers. 
Specifically, the bill requires new 
dental and medical records, as well as photograph, if available. For almost all of these children, there is a photograph available if you take the time to try to find it. I can’t stress this last part enough. It is so hard to find these kids, and without having a photograph, it is made much more difficult. Yet in most instances we apparently don’t. 
We tracked this in Ohio. Let me give 
an interesting statistic. Since January 1 of this year there have been 87 chil-dren reported missing in the State of Ohio—87 kids. We only have photo-graphs for 21 of them, so for 66 of these young people we have no photographs. It is tough to find them when you don’t know what they look like. This bill will help change that. 
Third, it requires law enforcement to 
work directly with State and local child welfare systems after someone is reported missing so that all the rel-evant information can be obtained as quickly as possible. 
Finally, it removes all the road-
blocks that prevent State attorneys general from modifying records in the National Crime Information Center. We want these records to be updated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MR6.011 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1371 March 10, 2015 
constantly as new information is pro-
vided. 
To put it simply, we think it is a 
commonsense bill that streamlines how missing children cases are handled. It makes it easier to share information that could lead to recovery. 
The second bill I wish to talk about 
that is part of this underlying legisla-tion is called the Combat Human Traf-ficking Act which I coauthored with Senator F
EINSTEIN . The Bringing Miss-
ing Children Home Act is about helping victims. This legislation, the Combat Human Trafficking Act, is about pun-ishing the traffickers. 
We start by giving prosecutors ex-
panded tools to put traffickers behind bars. Our legislation enlarges the num-ber of charges Federal prosecutors can level against traffickers and those who conspire with them. It also makes those engaged in trafficking strictly liable for their crimes. We also expand the training available for our Federal law enforcement tasked with inves-tigating and prosecuting traffickers, and we require that the Bureau of Jus-tice Statistics prepare an annual re-port detailing our success in this fight. 
Just as importantly, this bill 
strengthens victims’ rights by pro-viding more information to victims on ongoing prosecutions, requiring them to be informed in a timely manner of any plea agreements or prosecution agreements in cases in which they are involved. 
The legislation we are considering 
passed out of the committee unani-mously for a reason. There are things that do divide us in this place. We talk about those a lot, and everybody reads and hears about them. But this is an exception. This is about bringing us to-gether, in this case to protect our kids from human trafficking. Human traf-fickers and sexual trafficking are issues on which we should not have any divide. This is legislation both Repub-licans and Democrats can enthusiasti-cally support. 
Earlier today I joined with some of 
my colleagues in introducing some amendments to the legislation because although I support the underlying bill—it is a good bill—it can be made even better, and I am looking forward to the debate. In the process, I hope we will raise awareness about the issue, raise consciousness about the issue not just among our colleagues and around Capitol Hill but around the country be-cause ultimately, if we are going to solve this problem in our communities, everyone needs to be part of it, every-one needs to be vigilant, and everyone needs to understand that this happens in your community, it happens in your State, and it happens, unfortunately, in our country. 
If we can raise awareness about this 
wicked practice of human trafficking and sex trafficking, that would do a lot to try to curb it, to reduce it, and even-tually to stop it. This is what we came to Washington to do—to pass legisla-tion that actually helps back home. With this legislation, we can stand to-
gether to protect the most innocent among us from the most heinous of crimes. 
I thank you the Presiding Officer. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the remarks I am going to make now not be part of the remarks on the bill that is before the Senate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The remarks of Mr. G
RASSLEY are 
printed in today’s R ECORD under 
‘‘Morning Business.’’) 
Mr. GRASSLEY. I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, yester-
day the Democratic leader, Senator R
EID, told us that Democrats and Re-
publicans could finally agree on one thing; that is, we ought to focus not on the partisan politics and the ideology that so often divides us, but we ought to focus on the victims of human traf-ficking, largely middle school-age girls who are bought and sold like commod-ities. 
I came to the floor yesterday and 
said that I believe we are all created in the image of God, and it is a sin, it is the very personification of evil for peo-ple to treat those same human beings as if they were things. That is what the scourge of human trafficking is all about. 
I was very glad to see that finally we 
seemed to be chipping away at the dys-function of the Senate that we have ex-perienced over the last few years and, in the new majority, given an oppor-tunity for an open amendment process on a subject that we all agree needs to be dealt with that we could work on to-gether. So imagine my surprise when earlier today the same Democratic leader said the Democrats were going to filibuster this anti-human traf-ficking legislation. Why in the world would they take a 180-degree turn? Why would they do such an about-face or flip-flop? Well, they said because there was language contained in the bill they disagreed with. No, they didn’t say they would use this open amendment process to file an amend-ment and have a vote to strip it out or to modify it or otherwise change it; they said: We are going to block the bill; it is dead unless this language 
comes out. Yet they do nothing to try to effect that outcome. 
We might wonder what this language 
is that they are so upset about that they would literally kick the tens of thousands of children and other vic-tims to the curb because of their out-rage that this language is contained in this legislation. Well, imagine my sur-prise to find out that the reason why the Democratic minority is going to filibuster this antitrafficking bill is be-cause they object to language that has been the law of the land for 39 years— 39 years. So I guess they woke up this morning and thought, well, we better do something about it. What is the pro-vision that causes them so much dis-comfort, that they are so upset about that they are willing to block this leg-islation? Well, it is something called the Hyde amendment. Basically what that does is it prohibits the use of tax-payer funds for abortions. 
I realize that in America we are of 
different minds on the subject of abor-tion. I am proudly pro-life, but others in our Senate are pro-choice, and we probably have a whole spectrum of views on this very personal issue. But we have had a bipartisan consensus— unanimity almost—for the last 39 years that whatever else the law is, as hand-ed down by the Supreme Court or by Congress, we are not going to use tax-payer funds for abortion. 
So imagine my surprise when that 
very language and very reference was included in the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act bill that now today I find out for the first time our Demo-cratic friends object to. 
Imagine my surprise when that very 
language was part of the bill that was filed in mid-January and a month later was marked up and voted on in the Senate Judiciary Committee and all members of the Judiciary Committee, Democrats and Republicans alike, voted for it. They voted for it unani-mously. Well, I don’t believe that was a mistake. Our friends across the aisle have outstanding staff. They are very talented people. I don’t always agree with them, but they are good at what they do. I don’t believe for a minute that they would have missed a ref-erence in this legislation to a restric-tion on funding taxpayer-provided abortions, and I don’t believe that those staff members, being the diligent professionals they are, didn’t tell their principal, their member of the Senate Judiciary Committee. So this idea that there has been some kind of ambush is preposterous. It is just not credible. 
Well, imagine my surprise when not 
only did we have a 15-to-0 vote, I be-lieve it was—in other words, a unani-mous vote of the Judiciary Com-mittee—for this bill, we have Demo-cratic cosponsors of this bill. Not only do they support the bill, they have been actively working with us on the legislation. Just looking at the face of the bill, I count 10 Democratic cospon-sors. Do you think they didn’t read the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MR6.043 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1372 March 10, 2015 
bill before they put their names on it? 
Do you think their staffs didn’t tell them what is in the bill? 
Well, as we all know, this sort of 
thing is ordinarily very hotly debated. There are no shrinking violets in the U.S. Senate, no people who sit pas-sively on the sidelines and say: Well, I better not speak up and express my views. That doesn’t happen. We have strong-willed, talented people on both sides of the aisle, and there are no shrinking violets. Let’s just lay that to rest. People are willing to speak up, and they do speak up every day, every hour, virtually every minute on things they feel strongly about. 
So this idea that we have created an 
ambush, that we have surprised our colleagues by including this language in a bill that is on the floor, the Jus-tice for Victims of Trafficking Act— voted unanimously out of the Judici-ary Committee, all Republicans and all Democrats, with 10 Democratic cospon-sors—that we have somehow surprised them by including this restriction on taxpayer-funded abortion that has been the law of the land for 39 years is pat-ently ridiculous. It is just not believ-able. 
Let me provide a little more informa-
tion. The reference in the bill is on page 50 under limitations. It says: ‘‘Amounts in the Fund, or otherwise transferred from the Fund’’—that is, the crime victims compensation fund created by this legislation, $30 million that goes to help treat victims and help them heal and get on with their lives—this bill says that this fund ‘‘shall be subject to the limitations on the use or expending of amounts de-scribed in sections 506 and 507 of divi-sion H of the Consolidated Appropria-tions Act, 2014 . . . to the same extent as if amounts in the Fund were funds appropriated under division H of such Act.’’ 
I went to see how many Democrats 
voted for that consolidated appropria-tions act in 2014 that contained the Hyde amendment language and the limitations on taxpayer-funded abor-tions. Imagine my surprise when I saw that 55 Democrats voted for that lan-guage in the 2014 consolidated appro-priations bill that is referred to on pages 50 and 51 of the Justice for Vic-tims of Trafficking Act. 
This is the same bill the Democratic 
leader said Democrats were going to filibuster because they were so out-raged, they were surprised, they were bushwhacked, they were ambushed, they were tricked. Twenty-three Demo-crats voted for that same appropriation language in 2014. 
But it gets better—or worse, as the 
case may be. Democrats have sup-ported legislation consistent with the Hyde amendment for a long time. As I have said, it has been the law of the land for 39 years. When was the last time? Well, the Department of Home-land Security funding. Remember this back-and-forth we had over the defunding of the President’s Executive action on immigration that so many on 
our side of the aisle are upset about be-cause it is not within the President’s authority to do it—and that is not just my opinion; it is the Federal judge’s in Brownsville who has issued a prelimi-nary injunction—but how many Demo-crats voted for the Department of Homeland Security funding bill that contains that same limitation on tax-payer funding for abortions? Forty-five Democrats voted for it. 
So imagine my surprise when 45 
Democrats recently voted for that ap-propriations bill to come to the Senate today and be told: We are outraged. We are never going to support that. And, by the way, we didn’t know it was in the bill when we voted for it in the Ju-diciary Committee or when we cospon-sored the bill. 
Well, they presumably knew about it 
when they voted for the Department of Homeland Security funding in Feb-ruary of 2015, when 32 of them voted for the CR omni or CRomni in December of 2014. And, oh, by the way, remember ObamaCare? Every single Democrat voted to support ObamaCare which contained the same restriction on tax-payer funding for abortions. 
They have also voted for the Chil-
dren’s Health Insurance Program, the so-called SCHIP, for Defense authoriza-tion bills. In other words, our Demo-cratic friends have voted time and time and time again for the exact same lan-guage they now say they are going to filibuster on the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, language they said they weren’t aware of when they voted for it—they didn’t read it, their staff didn’t tell them about it. 
Well, if that is true, I would get new 
staff. But I know the staff on the Democratic side, like the staff on the Republican side, are highly profes-sional people and they wouldn’t fail to identify offensive language that their Senator could not and would not and never has voted for, or they would be out of a job. 
So I plead with our Democratic 
friends, please don’t make this Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act another political football. For heaven’s sake, if we can’t agree to protect the most vul-nerable victims of this heinous crime, what can we ever agree on? If we can’t agree on that, if we are going to try to find a way to flyspeck legislation and say, well, I won’t allow this bill to go forward if that language is included in there—even though it has been the law of the land for 39 years, even though routinely Democrats have voted for that restriction on taxpayer-funded abortion time and time and time again—why start now, when we are talking about the most vulnerable vic-tims of this heinous crime, and say: Well, we are going to punish you. We are not going to provide you the serv-ices you need in order to heal and get better and get on with your life, be-cause we woke up this morning, March 10, 2015, and after 39 years we decided this is where we draw the line. We are drawing the line here. Never again will 
we ever vote for the Hyde amendment to be applied to any funds appropriated by or in the possession of the Federal Government. 
So I really would ask my colleagues: 
Please reconsider. Please let’s not do this. Don’t do this to these children and these victims of trafficking. Don’t do it to this institution. 
We all understand that Washington 
can be a pretty tough place. All of us are volunteers, and we understand poli-tics can sometimes be a tough busi-ness. But let’s not take it out on these victims of human trafficking. That should be beneath us. They don’t de-serve that. They deserve better. 
If we pass this legislation and we get 
it to the President’s desk and he signs it—which I believe he will—hundreds, if not thousands, of victims of human trafficking have a safe place to sleep, they will have people who love them and care for them try to help them heal and get better. We will take the money from the people who perpetrate these crimes and we will use that money to help provide needed services to these children and other victims of human trafficking. 
We will say ‘‘no more’’ to the teen-
aged girl who is arrested for prostitu-tion, because she is a victim of traf-ficking—we will tell her, no more are you a criminal. We will recognize her for the victim she is, and we will treat her appropriately. 
We will deal not only with the supply 
side of this terrible crime, we will deal with the demand side—people who get off the hook too easily with impunity, people who purchase these illicit serv-ices, and somehow always seem to avoid responsibility and continue to participate in this crime with impu-nity. 
So the domestic trafficking victims 
fund in our legislation supplements ex-isting authorized grant programs that are already subject to appropriation laws such as the Hyde amendment. They are already subject to the same provisions. Our legislation clarifies that the Hyde amendment also applies to any funds that are used to supple-ment those existing grant programs. Our legislation does not in any way ex-pand or change the scope of the Hyde amendment. It just says these funds operate under the same rules that cover the existing grant programs they supplement. 
Everyone agrees the programs we 
supplement in this legislation need more funds. I know the distinguished ranking member, the Senator from Vermont, has made an impassioned plea to add more money beyond the victims compensation fund that we cre-ated. He is saying there needs to be more money. As a long-time member of the Appropriations Committee, I hope the Appropriations Committee looks at that and makes a decision whether they ought to supplement what we do. But these funds are being subjected to the same limitation on spending as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MR6.038 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1373 March 10, 2015 
every dollar the Senate Appropriations 
Committee has appropriated during the last 39 years. 
So my hope is this, that Members of 
the Senate will rise above this dis-agreement, this posturing, this at-tempt to try to play ‘‘gotcha’’ at the expense of these victims of human traf-ficking. No Member should attempt to make this bill a debate about extra-neous issues and policies that have been settled on a bipartisan basis for 39 years. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. 
A
YOTTE ). The Senator from Vermont. 
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I 
have listened very carefully to my good friend from Texas. We have worked to-gether on many pieces of legislation over the years. In fact, I hoped we could have gotten this trafficking bill up during the last Congress, as he knows. Unfortunately, there were ob-jections raised and we couldn’t. I hope we are not going to get into a question where we compare apples and oranges and forget what we are supposed to be doing. 
The distinguished Senator says on 
the one hand during the debate on the Affordable Care Act, according to him—and I will take him at his word— that this language was in there and every Democrat voted for it—which meant, of course, that every Repub-lican voted against it. If you are going to use and follow his argument that the language in the Affordable Care Act was voted for by Democrats, it was voted against by Republicans. 
I am not suggesting they don’t care 
about the Hyde amendment because they voted against it, according to the Senator from Texas. But let’s talk about things that should be on appro-priations bills. 
I am one of the few Members of ei-
ther party in this body who has actu-ally prosecuted child molesters. I am one of the few Members of this body who has actually gone to crime scenes and seen the results of child molesta-tion. I am one of the few people in this body who has prosecuted a child mo-lester, not with evidence from the child, but because the child was dead. The young boy had been raped by the man whom I prosecuted, and molested over a long period of time. 
So I don’t need to have people tell me 
about the horrors of child molestation. I have seen it. I remember being in a room and looking at that dead child, the same age as one of my children. And I remember the man who did it who would have done anything to es-
cape my prosecution, and I worked day and night around the clock for weeks. I was a young prosecutor in my twenties, and I prosecuted him and convicted him. He went up on appeal to the Supreme Court—our Supreme Court—and I argued that appeal my-self, and his conviction was upheld. 
So I know the need for this. Let’s not 
let political ‘‘gotcha’’ games stop us from legislation that might protect these people. The Senator from Texas suggests I 
want more money. That is not quite what I said. He said he wanted $30 mil-lion based on fines. I said I just want to guarantee that $30 million was there. I think again of that child molester, that child murderer. He was just one of the many cases I prosecuted. We could have fined him $1 million or $20 million 
or $1 billion—or $200—and he would not have been able to pay it and wouldn’t have paid it. If the victim had lived, there would be no money. 
All I want to make sure of—and I 
would be happy to see—is that if there are fines collected, that they go to help victims as they should. But if no money is collected from fines, I want to make sure there is money. We will prosecute somebody who has been in-volved with child trafficking or child molestation. We will prosecute them, as we should. They will go to prison and we will spend $25,000 to $35,000 a year of taxpayer dollars to keep them in prison, and we should. But we will say to the victim: I am sorry; we fined him $100,000 to go to the victims’ fund, but he is basically judgment proof. I just want you to know we had good in-tentions. If he had paid that $100,000 fine, we would have given it to you to help you. But, gosh, go in peace. Have a good life. 
All I am saying is this: If there is 
money from a fine, sure. The Senator from Texas and I agree that it should be put in the Fund. But if there are no funds, don’t promise a $30 million pot of money that will never be filled if there are no fines, if there is no money in it. If there is money from fines, put the money from fines in, but where there is a difference between the amount that is in there and the $30 million, then shouldn’t we, as a coun-try that spends trillions of dollars, give the difference between the fines and the actual $30 million? Shouldn’t we care about these victims? Shouldn’t we care about the people who are victim-ized? 
Shouldn’t we also do this: If we have 
the money in there, we could take in-creased steps to prevent victims from becoming victims in the first place. I would have given anything if there had been some program, some money, to have found out that this child I talked about was being victimized, and then we could have stopped it before the State’s attorney got called in to look at the dead body. How much better it would have been if we could have stopped it to begin with. 
So all I am saying is this: I am happy 
to work with the senior Senator from Texas on this bill, just as I was last year. We had a bill without this provi-sion, and I was hoping and trying to get consent to bring it up and pass it when we had a bill without this provi-sion. It is important to note, though, that when it didn’t have this provision last year, I wish we could have passed it. Now let’s work on a bill that will pass. If you want to score political points, do it on something that doesn’t involve vulnerable children. Let’s work 
together to get a bill passed that helps them. And let’s make sure that on the point I raised, that we address this at some point. If there is going to be $30 million worth of fines that go in there, I am all for it. My guess is that we would be lucky to get a small percent-age of that. 
Back when this came up in the House 
of Representatives, they rejected this method of funding, and they called it budgetary gimmickry. Actually, what the House did in authorizing the bill— they did what they were supposed to do. They authorized actual funding so we could stand up for the victims of human trafficking, not just stand here trying to score political points. 
In other words, let’s have the money. 
Let’s make sure the money is there. This is like saying: If you commit a crime, we are going to fine you $100 million or $300 million or $1 billion. But if the person never had more than a net worth of $1,000, what difference does it make? Put real teeth in here. Stop the traffickers, and ensure there is money to help the victims. Have money to help the victims. 
The distinguished Presiding Officer 
was one of the senators who testified at the Judiciary Committee hearing on human trafficking last month. Other senators testified as well. Their testi-mony had people tearing people up. The distinguished Presiding Officer was attorney general for her State. She un-derstands the reality of this, as I do and others do. 
It has been years since I was State’s 
attorney, but, I say to my friend from Texas, I still wake up some nights from nightmares about the crime scenes I went to. I would wake up from them at night when we were debating the Vio-lence Against Women Act, and I am glad that Republicans and Democrats joined together on that both here and in the other body so we could pass it. A victim is a victim is a victim, not a number, not a concept. Those of us who have spent time with victims and those of us who have been at crime scenes of victims understand this. Too often vic-tims could no longer speak, could no longer testify. We would hear about them at their funeral. 
We can do better. So let’s not talk 
about who scores points or who doesn’t score points. There are good people who worked on this, good people in both parties. We are not going to be voting on something tonight, I imag-ine. Let’s spend the time between now and tomorrow sitting down and trying to work out a way forward. Save the political points for something where the most vulnerable in society do not suffer. We can talk about what we will do on stock frauds or who gets taxed or what regulations we will have for cor-porations. There, raise your points. Make political points there. But for anyone who has seen these victims and anyone who has talked with these vic-tims and anyone who has been with these victims, they know this is not the time for politics. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MR6.046 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1374 March 10, 2015 
Let’s get together this evening or to-
morrow. Let’s work it out so we can have something that will really protect victims, something that will have real funding to protect them—not some-thing illusion, but real funding. And maybe if we can do that, I might have less nightmares about some of those victims I saw. 
My friend from Texas was a judge; he 
certainly saw those cases. The Pre-siding Officer was attorney general; she saw those cases. We have a number of former prosecutors on both sides here. Any one of us who has handled these cases has to remember every single as-pect of them. 
I remember preparing for trial in 
these cases, having young children at home. I would work late in the office. I wouldn’t bring the materials home at all because I didn’t want my kids to see what I was looking at. I will admit there is another reason: I didn’t want my children to see their father cry as I read these police investigations. These aren’t statistics; these are real people. Let’s work together. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. VITTER. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. VITTER. Thank you, Madam 
President. 
I have an amendment at the desk 
which has been slightly modified from its original form, and I ask unanimous consent that it be called up. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
an objection? 
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I will 
object until I have had a chance to see the modification. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Mr. VITTER. Madam President, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. VITTER. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. VITTER. Madam President, I 
have now filed my slightly modified amendment—I will explain the modi-fication in a minute—and it is at the desk. 
I ask unanimous consent to set aside 
the pending amendment so my amend-ment can be called up. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I ob-
ject. Some Members on my side of the aisle have concerns about certain as-pects of the Senator’s amendment, so on their behalf, I object to setting aside the pending amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Mr. VITTER. Madam President, I 
will explain and speak on this amend-ment even though it is not pending as we speak. 
I will also file an ongoing objection 
to anyone setting aside the pending amendment for another or for any votes being scheduled until this matter can be worked out. 
Mr. VITTER. Madam President, the 
amendment I have at the desk is about a very important issue. Before I ex-plain what it is, I will say that I strongly support the underlying bill. 
I compliment Senator C
ORNYN and 
others who have worked on a bipar-tisan basis on this bill. I certainly look forward to supporting this bill irrespec-tive of how the vote goes on my amend-ment, but I obviously hope my amend-ment is adopted in the context of this bill. 
Clearly, this issue of human traf-
ficking is a very serious one. It takes many forms, all of them ugly. One form is a phenomenon I am going to talk about today, which is the issue of birth tourism and trafficking in women and families who want to get into this country in order to physically have their children in this country because present policy recognizes those chil-dren immediately as U.S. citizens sim-ply because they were born in this country. 
This phenomenon of birth tourism is 
a very real one, and it often puts these birth mothers and families in very dan-gerous situations, quite frankly, at the hands of human smugglers or the equivalent. 
Madam President, I ask unanimous 
consent to have two news reports which illustrate this phenomenon printed in the R
ECORD . 
The first news report is an article en-
titled ‘‘No vacancy at California birth hotels,’’ which underscores some of the abuses and horrendous conditions that go on as a result of this, and the second article is from the Washington Post, which is entitled ‘‘Inside the shadowy world of birth tourism at ‘maternity hotels.’’’ 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From WorldMag.com, March 12, 2013] 
NOVACANCY AT CALIFORNIA BIRTH HOTELS  
(By Alaina Gillogly and Les Sillars) 
It started last summer. Neighbors of a tan, 
sunbaked mansion in Chino Hills, Calif, knew something was going on in the large Spanish-style home with stucco walls and a tiled roof overlooking the community. Cars sped up and down the quiet little road:And a remarkable number of pregnant Asian women came and went throughout the day. 
Then in September, disgruntled neighbors 
became anxious citizens when 2,000 gallons of raw sewage spilled down the hillside. 
City authorities discovered in the subse-
quent investigation that the seven-bedroom house had become a 17-room ‘‘birth hotel.’’ The 7,964-square-foot residence on Woodglen Drive had been housing up to 30 pregnant Chinese women who wanted to give birth to their children on American soil. Each room 
had matching bedding and furniture, room keys, monogrammed towels, and a portable hot water kettle. 
Last month, a local court shut down the 
operation, owned by Los Angeles Hermas Hotel Inc., for building code violations that included exposed wires, missing smoke alarms, improper ventilation, and carpet stretched over a 3-foot-wide hole in the floor. The owners have six months to fix the prob-lems and get the proper business permits, or they face permanent closure. 
This operation was just one of about 15 
baby hotels in the heavily Asian Chino Hills area, with dozens more around the country. 
‘‘Birth tourism’’ has made the news re-
cently, but the Chino Hills incident touched off a crackdown in California as local au-thorities apply zoning and building codes in an effort to control the operations. 
It’s also reopened the debate over the 
Fourteenth Amendment. Birth hotels are legal in the U.S. because the Fourteenth Amendment gives citizenship to children born on American soil. They have the right to vote, immigrate from their parents’ home country, and apply for permanent visas for their parents once they turn 21. 
Birth tourism is a rising industry in coun-
tries like China, South Korea, and Saudi Arabia. A three-month stay, plus medical fees, can easily run more than $50,000. Al-though the Chino Hills operation had a vari-ety of safety and health issues, other birth hotels offer luxurious accommodations with chefs to prepare food from the home country. 
Recent studies by the National Center for 
Health Statistics have reported the number of babies born to non-resident women topped 7,000 per year, up 50 percent since 2000, al-though it’s not clear how many are the re-sult of birth tourism. 
That is a tiny fraction of the number of 
children born with at least one parent in the country illegally—350,000 in 2009, according to the Pew Hispanic Research Center. But critics say ‘‘birth tourism’’ is an abuse of an American law designed to enfranchise slaves born on American soil. 
‘‘The practice is a misinterpretation of the 
Fourteenth Amendment,’’ said John Fonte, Hudson Institute senior fellow and director of the Center for American Common Culture. ‘‘U.S. citizens should be very concerned.’’ 
Some Californians are concerned. Rosanna 
Mitchell started a group called Not in Chino Hills to protest against the facility. ‘‘Our mission is to keep a vigilant eye and use all our efforts necessary to do so,’’ wrote Mitch-ell on the website. 
She told WORLD that, aside from worries 
about sanitation, traffic, and under-the-table businesses, she doubts those patronizing birth hotels are genuinely pursuing the American dream. ‘‘Something needs to be done,’’ she said. ‘‘It’s outrageous that they would take advantage of the U.S.’’ 
Rep. Steve King, an Iowa Republican, in-
troduced a bill in January to amend the Fourteenth Amendment to ‘‘clarify’’ that citizenship applies to those born in the U.S. provided at least one parent is a U.S. citizen, a lawful immigrant, or serving in the mili-tary. The bill, with 13 co-sponsors, is cur-rently in committee. 
[From the Washington Post, Mar. 5] 
INSIDE THE SHADOWY WORLD OF BIRTH 
TOURISM AT ‘‘MATERNITY HOTELS ’’ 
(By Abby Phillip) 
In luxury apartment complexes in South-
ern California and in grand, single-family homes in New York, ‘‘maternity hotels’’ are brimming with pregnant women and cooing newborn babies. 
For wealthy foreign women, the facilities 
offer the promise of a comfortable, worry- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MR6.056 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1375 March 10, 2015 
free vacation complete with a major perk: a 
U.S. passport for their newborn. 
One such maternity hotel in New York re-
sembled a nursery: Newborn babies rested in a row of bassinets that lined the wall, ac-cording to an NBC News report that offered a look inside the facility. 
Women who book rooms at these prop-
erties can expect to live in well-stocked apartment complexes or large suburban homes with laundry and catered food as part of the package. Once their babies are born in an American hospital, they are cared for by nurses while the mothers rest for at least a month. They can pass their time with shop-ping trips to luxury stores, trips to amuse-ment parks or poolside at the ‘‘hotel’’ while attentive caretakers look after the infants, feeding, bathing and putting them to sleep on a regimented schedule, NBC News found. 
The cost—$40,000 to $80,000 per stay—is 
worth it for the prospect that the visitor’s child will automatically be afforded the ben-efits given to U.S. citizens—and perhaps will have an easier time gaining legal residency in the United States when that child turns 21. 
‘‘For my baby, it’s a chance to, a step to 
two countries’’ cultures . . . Chinese culture and American culture,’’ one woman told NBC. 
There’s nothing illegal about foreign na-
tionals giving birth in the United States. But traveling to the hotels requires the ille-
gal practice of lying about the real reason for visiting the United States. Pregnant women purporting to be tourists enter the country in the latter stages of pregnancy, some overstaying their visas to recover in the comfort of the ‘‘maternity hotels.’’ 
Birth tourism companies have flourished 
in recent years, according to federal offi-cials—and many of them prefer hard-to- track cash to fuel their operations. 
That money, federal officials allege, is 
being pocketed by a group of individuals who have skirted tax law, flouted immigration laws and helped their clients defraud U.S. hospitals of tens of thousands of dollars for each baby born. 
On Tuesday, federal agencies, including 
Immigration and Customs Enforcement and the IRS, along with the Los Angeles Police Department, conducted a massive operation to raid more than 30 California locations op-erated by ‘‘birth tourism businesses.’’ Offi-cials collected piles of evidence that will likely be used against some of the ‘‘mater-nity hotel’’ operators in future prosecutions. 
The companies advertise their services on-
line—and no foreign language skills are nec-essary to guess the subtext. 
What are the benefits of a U.S. passport for 
a foreign national’s unborn child? 
‘‘Too many,’’ the Web site of StarBabyCare 
explains to prospective clients. ‘‘You can enjoy the free education from junior high school to public high school ....  You can 
apply loans or grants which is only for the U.S. citizen ....  You can receive your sen-
ior supplement benefits when you are living overseas ....  T o  the parent, after the baby 
becomes an adult, he/she can petition the parents for a green card.’’ 
According to court documents, an under-
cover investigator was told: ‘‘The baby will then have a birth certificate and ‘freedom.’ The baby will have a bright future having United States citizenship.’’ 
Federal officials say that Chao Chen and 
Jie Zhu, the couple that operated the You Win baby tourism company, engaged in ‘‘sham marriages’’ to get green cards for themselves. In documents filed in federal court this week, officials said that the two ‘‘divorced’’ in 2012, but married U.S. citizens in Las Vegas months later. 
Both applied for permanent residency, and 
an immigration officer reviewing the cases noted that the marriages were ‘‘suspect’’ 
based on the timing. 
Such companies have openly encouraged 
women willing to pay for the service to com-mit visa fraud as well. They were counseled not to tell customs and immigration officials that they were pregnant, to wear loose clothes and to avoid traveling to the United States while looking visibly pregnant. 
‘‘U.S. might refuse entry due to the belly 
is too big,’’ StarBabyCare’s Web site in-formed potential customers. ‘‘Therefore the size of the belly is quite important to deter-mine when you should arrive in Los Ange-les.’’ 
According to court documents, birth tour-
ists were told to avoid traveling directly.to Los Angeles International Airport from over-seas, to avoid raising suspicion. They might even consider studying U.S. culture and booking recreational visits in order to make their travel seem more legitimate, the com-pany advised. Alternate arrival ports such as Hawaii or Las Vegas were preferable. 
You Win paid more than $60,000 a year to 
rent Southern California apartments that housed the women, according to court docu-ments. Federal officials believe that StarBabyCare operated a ‘‘maternity hotel’’ from at least 10 units at one complex. 
As more attention has been trained on the 
practice in recent years, the outrage has— predictably—followed. 
Los Angeles County officials have cited the 
‘‘hotels’’ for illegally operating business in residential homes in 2013. Angry neighbors at a Chino Hills ‘‘hotel’’ picketed as the report became public. Among its findings: The 17- bedroom, 17-bathroom operation was blamed for overloading the septic tank in the com-munity. 
Usually, the women participating in the 
programs paid several thousand dollars up front as a deposit and thousands more upon arrival in United States, according to inves-tigators. The balance was paid after child-birth. 
But ‘‘some or all’’ of that money—which 
for You Win likely amounted to over $1 mil-lion—went unreported to federal authorities in 2013. 
‘‘Chen failed to report hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars in income on his 2013 federal tax return,’’ according to federal officials. 
As women went into birth, they were taken 
to local hospitals and declared jobless. As many as 400 babies associated with just one of these companies were born after 2013 in Orange County, Calif., hospitals. Despite the fact that many of these women paid tens of thousands of dollars to participate in the ‘‘maternity hotel’’ scheme, they claimed to be unable to pay the hospitals, which typi-cally charged about $25,000 per birth. 
Some paid nothing at all, while others paid 
a fee closer to $4,000. 
No one was arrested during Tuesday’s 
raids. But Immigration and Customs En-forcement agents collected evidence and po-tential witnesses for use in future prosecu-tions on tax, immigration and fraud charges. 
Mr. VITTER. Madam President, re-
cently the Obama administration con-ducted a raid on some of these shadowy operations. I compliment them for doing that. There needs to be a crack-down on these operations, but the ulti-mate crackdown and ultimate solution is to change the policy of the Federal Government that recognizes these chil-dren immediately as U.S. citizens sim-ply because they are physically born in this country even though both of their parents are here illegally. No parent is here under any sort of legal status, and that is the ultimate response and ulti-mate solution we need, and that is 
what my amendment—that I will call up as soon as that is allowed and get a vote on—is about. 
My amendment would change the 
present practice, policy, and law to say that only somebody born in this coun-try who has at least one parent who is a U.S. citizen, a legal green card hold-er, or a serving member of the U.S. military, immediately gets that rec-ognition as a U.S. citizen. 
As I suggested, this issue and prac-
tice—including this shadowy world of birth tourism and human smuggling— is a very serious issue. In fact, it is an exploding issue, as these recent cases in the press have brought to light. 
According to the Center for Immigra-
tion Studies, each year about 300,000 to 400,000 children are born to illegal aliens in the United States, and under our present practice, all of them are immediately recognized as U.S. citi-zens. This is a huge magnet for more il-legal crossings into our country, often at the hands of very dangerous people. 
Birthright citizenship draws women 
from Mexico and Central America to make that dangerous trek north, often in the hands of coyotes and drug car-tels. These women put their lives into the hands of criminal gangs with a demonstrated pension for sexual as-sault and sex trafficking. 
In addition, there is a huge business 
of birth tourism, including those who market to women and families in China. As I mentioned, on Tuesday, March 3, Federal agents broke up an al-leged birth tourism ring in southern California, raiding several homes and apartment complexes where pregnant Chinese women, who were here on fraudulent visas, paid up to $80,000 in some cases so their babies would be born here. 
DHS and IRS investigators were 
seeking evidence and statements against those alleged in the scheme. Besides visa fraud, authorities are looking into possible tax and money laundering charges. As I referred to the news reports that are now part of the R
ECORD , in some cases this involves 
horrendous conditions and a very shad-owy world in terms of this so-called birth tourism. 
The ultimate solution to this enor-
mous magnet for illegal crossings— often at the hands of very dangerous people—is to not recognize everyone who is simply born in the United States to be a citizen of the United States because of that fact alone. Again, that is what my amendment would do. That is far more effective than any set of raids on these oper-ations or on any enforcement provi-sions. 
If we move toward this, we would be 
in the company of a huge majority of countries in the world. Of advanced economies, only Canada and the United States grant automatic citizenship to children born to illegal aliens. No Eu-ropean country does that. No other ad-vanced industrialized country does 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MR6.037 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1376 March 10, 2015 
that, nor should we. As I suggested, it 
is a huge magnet for more and more il-legal crossings, and my amendment would fix that. 
Some people will argue this is not 
possible with a statutory change. This is embedded in the U.S. Constitution through the 14th Amendment and any change would have to be a constitu-tional amendment. I believe that is not the case and is a result of a funda-mental misunderstanding of the Con-stitution in this regard, including the 14th Amendment. 
The 14th Amendment does not say 
that all persons born in the United States are citizens, period, end of story. If we look at the precise lan-guage, it is very instructive. It states that citizenship extends to ‘‘all persons born or naturalized in the United States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof.’’ That latter phrase—‘‘and sub-ject to the jurisdiction thereof’’—was included because it means something, and its original meaning clearly refers to the political allegiance of an indi-vidual and the jurisdiction that a for-eign government has over that person. 
That is exactly why American Indi-
ans and their children were not imme-diately recognized as U.S. citizens sim-ply because of their birth in this coun-try. There was actually litigation about that going directly to this lan-guage of the 14th Amendment. The courts decided, no, the fact that these American Indian children were born in the United States in and of itself did not make them U.S. citizens because ‘‘and subject to the jurisdiction there-of’’ had a meaning. It meant these chil-dren could not be subject to any other governmental or quasi-governmental authority and an American Indian tribe was such an authority. 
Because of that litigation and inter-
pretation, in order for those American Indian children to be recognized as American citizens, it actually took specific congressional action, and Con-gress passed the Indian Citizenship Act of 1924. I believe that goes directly to this issue that this practice is not em-bedded in the Constitution and in the 14th Amendment, and so that allows the statutory fix my language would offer. 
Senator H
ARRY REID, the minority 
leader, actually introduced a bill in 1993 titled the ‘‘Immigration Stabiliza-tion Act,’’ which included nearly iden-tical language to my amendment and stand-alone bill. This language has broad support in the country, including broad bipartisan support. 
In Senator R
EID’s bill—now that is 
going back a ways—it stated ‘‘in the exercise of its powers under section 5 of the 14th article of the amendment to the Constitution of the United States, the Congress has determined and here-by declares that any person born after the date of enactment of this title to a mother who is neither a citizen of the United States nor admitted to the United States as a lawful permanent resident will not be a U.S. citizen.’’ So there we have language from a leading 
Democratic Member that goes to the same issue. 
There is broad bipartisan support, 
not just in the Congress but in the country for this fix, particularly in the context of these huge illegal alien flows into the country. I believe Ameri-cans recognize that we cannot continue to adopt and recognize this policy. It is an enormous magnet for the con-tinuing flows of illegal aliens into the country. 
It brings up industries such as this 
shadowy world of birth tourism which was recently raided by Federal authori-ties. It puts those mothers and families in the hands of very unsavory criminal elements in many cases, and we should not allow this to continue. 
My amendment would stop that prac-
tice, stop those abuses, and stop en-couraging those flows of illegal aliens. I strongly encourage the Senate to di-rectly consider this amendment, vote on it, and to adopt it as part of this very important underlying bill. 
Finally, I ask unanimous consent to 
have two letters that were written by leading groups on immigration reform, FAIR and the Eagle Forum, printed in the R
ECORD . 
They are in strong support of this 
measure. I will submit additional let-ters of support as they develop over the next day or two. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
FEDERATION FOR AMERICAN  
IMMIGRATION REFORM , 
Washington, DC, March 10, 2015. 
Hon. D AVID VITTER , 
U.S. Senate, Hart Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR SENATOR VITTER : I am writing to 
thank you for your efforts as a United States Senator to end birthright citizenship—the practice of automatically granting U.S. citi-zenship to anyone born in the United States, regardless of the parents’ immigration sta-tus. 
Your amendment to the Justice for Vic-
tims of Trafficking Act of 2015 (S. 178) would close this loophole that is based on a mis-interpretation of the 14th Amendment. Spe-cifically, your amendment would amend the Constitution so that children born in the U.S. only gain citizenship automatically if one parent is either a U.S. citizen, legal per-manent resident, or a non-immigrant active member of the Armed Forces. Your language is consistent with the intent behind the ‘‘subject to the jurisdiction thereof’ clause of excluding from automatic citizenship Amer-ican-born persons whose allegiance to the United States is incomplete. 
Even the Obama Administration recognizes 
that the current practice of birthright citi-zenship encourages unlawful behavior and abuse of the system. Indeed, just last week federal and local law enforcement officials raided the Southern California offices of a company that encourages foreign pregnant women to come to the U.S. to give birth, promising them benefits like citizenship and free education. Known as ‘‘birth tourism,’’ these companies arrange for pregnant women to come to the U.S. and advise them to pro-vide false information on visa applications. This particular Irvine business made ap-proximately $2 million in 2013, with fees ranging from $15,000 to $50,000. Your amendment would end this magnet of 
illegal immigration because the U.S.-born children of illegal aliens will not be eligible to sponsor family members for legal perma-nent resident status (green cards) once they reach the age of twenty-one. Again, we thank you for sponsoring this commonsense legislation. 
Sincerely, 
D
ANSTEIN, 
President. 
EAGLE FORUM , 
Washington, DC, March 10, 2015. 
DEARSENATOR VITTER , On behalf of Eagle 
Forum and the families we represent, we ex-press our support for your amendment to S. 178 ending the practice of birthright citizen-ship. Automatically granting citizenship to any child born on U.S. soil, even if the child’s parents are temporary visitors or ille-gal aliens, cheapens the value of American citizenship. Action by Congress to clarify the long-misinterpreted intent of section 1 of the Fourteenth Amendment is both necessary and appropriate. 
Birthright citizenship is an invitation to 
exploit the benefits of American citizenship. Simply being born in our country, whatever the citizenship of the parents, entitles a child to government aid. It circumvents the lengthy process of naturalization, including the pledge of new citizens to ‘‘support and defend the Constitution and laws of the United States.’’ This loophole encourages il-legal immigration and even ‘‘birth tourism,’’ which brings pregnant women to this coun-try just in time to give birth. Both illegal immigration and birth tourism fuel human trafficking, which stems from a desire to claim the protections of our laws and the support of the welfare state. 
Permitting birthright citizenship is a 
misreading of the Fourteenth Amendment. The amendment states that U.S. citizens are ‘‘all persons born or naturalized in the United States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof’’ Those final five words are critical and clearly limit the application of the amendment. Visitors who are not U.S. citi-zens are ‘‘subject to the jurisdiction’’ of their country of origin, not the United States. Furthermore, the Constitution vests control over immigration law to Congress. It is past time for the legislative branch to ex-ercise its power to end birthright citizenship. Eagle Forum thanks you for your leadership on this critical issue and stands ready to as-sist you. 
Faithfully, 
P
HYLLIS SCHLAFLY , 
Chairman. 
Mr. VITTER. I thank the Presiding 
Officer and yield the floor. 
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. KIRK. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. KIRK. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment to consider my amendment No. 273. 
Mr. LEAHY. Reserving the right to 
object, and I have to object. 
The Senator has the right, of course, 
to file his amendment, but there is an amendment presently pending and it would have to be set aside. There is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MR6.049 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1377 March 10, 2015 
someone on this side who does not 
want it set aside, so I will object. Of course, the Senator can file his amend-ment, but the request, as I understand it, is to set aside the pending amend-ment. On behalf of several Senators on this side, I object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Mr. KIRK. Madam President, I ask 
the Senator from Vermont if he op-poses the amendment that was also co-sponsored by Senator F
EINSTEIN . 
Mr. LEAHY. I don’t know who is co-
sponsoring the amendment. 
Madam President, addressing the 
Senator through the Chair, as we are required to do by the Senate rules, I would say that my objection is to set-ting aside the pending amendment. I would further address the Senator from Illinois—but through the Chair—that when the amendment is up, I will be glad to look at it and take a position on it. Of course, he and I have known each other for a long time. I will be happy to tell him whether I will vote for it or not. 
Mr. KIRK. Madam President, I would 
say that this amendment is directed at backpage.com, probably the largest provider of online slavery services in the United States. I would hope the Senator is not defending Lacey and Larkin, who make $30 million a year off of slavery. 
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, to re-
spond to the Senator, I may very well support his amendment. The technical question is, Should the amendment of the Senator from Ohio be set aside so 
that this one may be the one pending? On that issue, there is objection. When the Senator’s amendment is pending before the Senate, it may very well be one I will vote for, and I will be happy to discuss it at that time. 
Mr. KIRK. I thank the Senator. Madam President, this is an amend-
ment that is directed at attacking backpage.com, which stands on the principle that was well established in the Civil War—that we Americans have freedom and we should not be free to enslave other Americans. I think, as the largest provider of online slavery services, Lacey and Larkin should be put out of business. 
I think it is incumbent on us, in the 
underlying legislation—I would remind the Senator from Vermont that we would live up to the full spirit of this legislation to make sure that just be-cause the Internet was invented, slav-ery should not be empowered by the Internet. 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, will 
the Senator yield for a question? 
Mr. KIRK. Yes, I will yield. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, 
through the Chair, I ask my friend from Illinois, who has been a warrior on these issues, particularly with this backpage.com and this advertisement of children and other people trafficked as part of this modern day slavery, if the Senator’s amendment, the HERO Act, is actually included, if I am not mistaken. Mr. KIRK. Amendment No. 273 would 
include the SAVE Act, which has al-ready substantially passed with huge bipartisan support of the party of the Senator from Vermont in the House of Representatives. If we look, we will find that backpage.com is active in every State, providing online services to the public. 
Mr. CORNYN. My question and point 
was that the SAVE Act, I understand, is the subject of the amendment that the Senator is seeking to offer and for which I hope our friends on the other side will relent and allow us to go for-ward, debating and amending this im-portant piece of legislation. As distin-guished from the SAVE Act, which is the subject of the Senator’s your amendment, the HERO Act, I believe is already a part of the underlying legis-lation. I just wanted to congratulate the Senator from Illinois and thank him for his longstanding dedication to this issue and the contribution he has made to the underlying piece of legisla-tion. 
Mr. KIRK. As a Senator from Illinois, 
our true gift to the people of this coun-try has been individual freedom and dignity, epitomized by the Lincoln can-didacy for the Senate, and by the vic-tory in the Civil War. We should not allow the freedom of the Internet to allow freedom to enslave others. These two men have made tens of millions of dollars. 
I yield back to the distinguished ma-
jority whip. 
Mr. CORNYN. I would just ask the 
Senator to yield for one final question. 
Would the Senator please outline his 
bill, his amendment, the SAVE Act? 
Mr. KIRK. The critical issue is how 
to restrict the ability of Americans to enslave each other. I don’t think we should have that freedom. We want to make sure we thread the needle very carefully here, to make sure the free-dom and commerce available on the Internet is not going to help people such as Lacey and Larkin to enslave others. We want to make sure that there is an ever-widening sphere of freedom inside the United States that is not inhibited by the Internet. 
Mr. CORNYN. I would ask, is the 
Senator’s amendment targeted in a way that respects the freedom of the Internet and the right of the people? 
Mr. KIRK. Very much so. The way we 
thread the needle here is to make on-line providers of slavery services liable for the costs that local governments incur in cleaning up the mess they cre-ate. 
In the case of Cook County, IL, we 
have had our crusading sheriff, who I would note is also a Democratic sheriff, establish a great effort to recover the young, underage girls involved and to make sure the costs incurred in helping out these young women—these citizens of the United States—to make sure they can charge it against the online provider, which makes eminent sense. 
I would say that our freedoms are 
protected because Tom Dart was elect-ed by the people of Cook County. As an 
elected official, he is trying to simply carry out his goal there. This makes eminent sense to do this. 
Mr. CORNYN. I thank the Senator. Mr. KIRK. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING JONATHAN MYRICK DANIELS  
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Madam President, 
this past weekend we saw a huge com-memoration of the 50th anniversary of the Selma to Montgomery voting rights march. I rise to honor the work and sacrifice of Jonathan Myrick Dan-iels. He was a young Episcopalian semi-nary student from Keene. The Pre-siding Officer certainly knows his name and Keene, as well. He was from Keene, NH, and he answered the call of Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr., for cler-gy to travel to Alabama to join him on that march. 
Jonathan lost his life 5 months later, 
in an act that Reverend King called ‘‘one of the most heroic Christian deeds of which I have heard in my entire ministry.’’ Although Jonathan had originally intended to spend a short time in the South and then return to his studies at the Episcopal theological school in Boston, he felt compelled by events to remain in Alabama through the spring and summer to register vot-ers with the Episcopalian Society for Cultural and Racial Unity. 
On August 14, 1965, Jonathan was ar-
rested along with a number of other civil rights activists at a demonstra-tion in Fort Deposit, AL, a small town outside of Montgomery. They had gone there to protest segregation in the town’s stores. But their demonstration was over within minutes. Armed white men from the town descended on them and took them to jail. 
Jonathan and his fellow activists 
spent 6 days in the Hayneville jail. Many in the group were still teenagers. Despite the conditions, Jonathan some-how maintained an unflaggingly up-beat attitude and good humor. He 
wrote his mother in New Hampshire a brief letter from the jail, apologet-ically describing it as a peculiar birth-day card for her. He wrote: 
The food is vile and we aren’t allowed to 
bathe (whew!) . . . As you can imagine, I’ll have a tale or two to swap over our next martini. 
He declined an offer of bail money 
from an Episcopal organization because the amount would not have covered the release of the rest of his group. On Fri-day, August 20, the whole group was suddenly released. Strangely, their bail had been waived, but no one was there to meet them or take them home. The town seemed completely deserted. 
Jonathan and a few others walked a 
block away to a store to buy something to eat and drink. As he climbed the steps of the porch to the store, he sud-denly heard someone shout from inside 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MR6.057 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1378 March 10, 2015 
and threaten to shoot if they didn’t 
leave. Jonathan barely had time to react before the man opened fire, but somehow he managed to jump in front of his friend Ruby Sales, a 17-year-old African-American girl. He saved Ruby’s life, but Jonathan was killed by the close-range shot that was intended for her. He was just 26 years old. 
The shooter called the murder in to 
the sheriff’s office himself. He said: I just shot two preachers. You better get on down here. An all-white jury later acquitted the man, taking just 2 hours to find him not guilty. While Jonathan was sacrificing his life for civil rights in Alabama, here in the Senate debate raged over the Federal Government’s role in protecting the voting rights of disfranchised American citizens. 
Since 1870 the 15th Amendment to 
the Constitution had prohibited State governments from denying a citizen’s right to vote based on race. However, in precincts throughout the South, Black Americans were subjected to dis-criminatory poll taxes, literacy tests, and other forms of voter intimidation. In many places, town clerks outright refused to register Black voters. 
Just 2 weeks before Jonathan was 
killed, Congress finally passed the Vot-ing Rights Act, which outlawed elec-toral practices that discriminated against minority groups. Well, 2015 marks the 50th anniversary not just of that march in Selma but of this land-mark law. While this anniversary pre-sents an obvious time for reflection, it is also a time to look forward and ad-dress the challenges still facing our country. 
The impact of the Supreme Court’s 
2013 ruling in Shelby County v. Holder, which struck down a critical section of the law requiring Federal approval for electoral law changes in districts with the history of discrimination, is par-ticularly troubling. This ruling now al-lows States to implement restrictive voting requirements that will make it more difficult for voters to cast their ballots. In fact, since this ruling, al-most all of the affected States have al-ready begun attempts to restrict vot-ing, targeting seniors, students, mi-norities, and threatening their access to the polls. 
The right to make your voice heard 
as a citizen of this Nation is a funda-mental principle of our democracy, and it should never be infringed upon. We have a responsibility to protect this right and address these injustices. 
While our Nation has made a lot of 
progress since the 1960s and 1970s, the struggle is far from over. Inequality and racism remain in our society. As long as discrimination and racial dis-parities exist, the full protections of the Voting Rights Act are necessary to guarantee the rights of citizenship for every American. 
Jonathan Daniels should be turning 
76 years old in March. He is widely rec-ognized as a martyr of the 20th cen-tury. In Keene, his hometown, an ele-mentary school bears his name. As we mark the 50th anniversary of his pass-
ing, as well as the passage of the Vot-ing Rights Act, we must strive to honor his legacy by ensuring that all current and future American citizens can exercise the rights he died to pro-tect. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
MANDATORY MINIMUM 
SENTENCES 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, on a 
number of occasions I have had to take to the Senate floor to note my opposi-tion to the so-called Smarter Sen-tencing Act. Does that mean I am against all sentencing reform? No. But there are some issues that are particu-larly wrong with the suggestions that have been put in bill form so far. 
My speeches on this issue have been 
necessary because there are so many misconceptions about that legislation and Federal drug sentences and pris-oners. Before addressing them, I want to let my colleagues know that I do be-lieve there are some inequities in the criminal justice system, and the Judi-ciary Committee will be looking at ways to address them. I will set out that part of the committee’s agenda after discussing sentencing. 
The Smarter Sentencing Act would 
arbitrarily cut in half the mandatory minimum sentences which are imposed on a host of serious—very serious— drug offenses. Those offenses include the importation, manufacture, and dis-tribution of serious drugs, such as her-oin, PCP, LSD, and meth. 
As an example, the Governor of 
Vermont devoted an entire state of the State address to the heroin epidemic. The Governor of Maryland just launched an anti-heroin initiative fol-lowing the near doubling of heroin overdose deaths in that State in the 2 years between 2011 and 2013. 
The Smarter Sentencing Act would 
cut mandatory sentences in half for importing, distributing, and manufac-turing heroin. It would cut the sen-tences for the same activities with re-spect to LSD, a drug that causes psy-chosis and suicide. It would reduce sen-tences for the drug trade that two of President Obama’s appointees in the Drug Enforcement Administration and in the Justice Department have warned that the world’s most dangerous ter-rorist organizations are engaged in this trade to fund their operations. It would harm the ability of prosecutors to ob-tain cooperation from lower level of-
fenders to obtain intelligence regard-ing terrorist-planned attacks. 
As President Obama’s own U.S. at-
torney for the Southern District of New York has warned, ‘‘[T]here is a growing nexus between drug traf-ficking and terrorism, a threat that in-creasingly poses a clear and present danger to our national security.’’ The threat should determine the response. It would be foolhardy to meet the threat of narcoterrorism by cutting drug sentences. 
Under Federal sentencing law, those 
who are low-level offenders avoid man-datory minimum offenses. Just under half of all drug courier offenders were subject to mandatory minimum sen-tences, but fewer than 10 percent re-ceived mandatory minimum sentences. One reason for the difference is that of-fenders who cooperate in prosecuting high-level drug conspirators avoid the mandatory minimum sentences. 
As a Federal Law Enforcement Offi-
cers Association wrote: 
[A]ny change in the mandatory minimum 
sentencing standard does a disservice to the brave men and women who are asked to put their lives on the line to protect us from ter-rorists and criminals. 
Currently, the system in place allows 
Federal law enforcement agents to in-filtrate and dismantle large-scale drug trafficking organizations and to take violent armed career criminals off of the street. In turn, this allows progres-sion up the scale of criminal organiza-tions from low-level subjects to higher ranking members through the effect of the mandatory minimum sentencing act. 
A second reason mandatory min-
imum sentences are not imposed on many eligible drug couriers is the so- called safety valve. Defendants can qualify if they have no or a very light criminal history. That means those who are convicted but are not violent do not serve mandatory minimum sen-tences. 
The average sentence for a Federal 
drug courier offender is only 39 months. The offenders who qualify for the safety valve are drug couriers and drug dealers. They are not people who are in prison for the possession of drugs. That is because drug possession does not trigger Federal mandatory minimum sentences, and it is also be-cause, according to the sentencing commission, almost no citizen is in Federal prison for mere drug posses-sion. 
Eighty-eight percent of the drug pos-
session prisoners were apprehended along the Southwest border, and the median amount of drugs in their pos-session was 48 pounds. I wish to empha-size ‘‘48 pounds.’’ These, then, with 48 pounds are not low-level, casual offend-ers. Only 270 mere Federal drug posses-sion cases were brought anywhere else in the country in the most recent year for which the sentencing commission has statistics. And the average sen-tence for drug possession for citizens is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MR6.051 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1379 March 10, 2015 
1.3 months. That is months, not years. 
Most citizens convicted of Federal drug possession charges receive probation. 
The proponents of the bill say there 
are too many people in prison and that the bill would save the taxpayers money. Well, it turns out that is not true. The Congressional Budget Office estimated that the bill, even while re-leasing hundreds of thousands of pris-oners earlier than under current law, would increase direct spending by about $1 billion and would reduce reve-nues by $42 million over 10 years. 
The supporters of the so-called 
Smarter Sentencing Act do not even attempt to contest my points in oppo-sition—and I have made these points more than once before the Senate. The supporters do not say there is not a heroin epidemic. They cannot say citi-zens are serving Federal mandatory minimum sentences for possession. But they do say this: Their major ploy is to paint a picture that poor, innocent, mere drug possessors are crowding our prisons. 
They do not argue that Obama ad-
ministration officials did not warn of the link of drug crimes to terrorism and national security threats. They don’t challenge the statistics from the sentencing commission or the exist-ence of the safety valve or the effect of mandatory minimum sentences in en-hancing prosecution of very serious drug offenders. They won’t take on the Congressional Budget Office’s cost esti-mates. They do cite CBO’s discre-tionary cost savings of $3 billion, but, in the long run, entitlement spending can be more costly because entitle-ment spending must be paid. 
They don’t do any of these because 
they simply can’t. They are committed to a bill as a matter of ideology. The facts simply do not matter to the sup-porters. They try to change the sub-ject. All they can do is resort to rhet-oric. In fact, the supporters of that leg-islation are even Orwellian in their rhetoric. I mean that literally. George Orwell wrote a famous essay called ‘‘Politics and the English Language.’’ He said: ‘‘In our time, political speech and writing are largely the defense of the indefensible.’’ 
The arguments for the Smarter Sen-
tencing Act are merely a weak attempt to defend the indefensible. 
What I have called the leniency in-
dustrial complex refers then to the peo-ple who are sentenced to drug manda-tory minimum sentences as ‘‘non-violent.’’ They use that term even though any truly nonviolent offenders would qualify for the safety valve. They gloss over the fact that even if an offender was not violent in a particular case, he may have committed a prior violent offense that would make him, in fact, a violent person. And, of course, many drug-related crimes occur through force or the threat of force, or are conducted by people in a criminal enterprise that relies on violence. 
The bill’s supporters even refer to 
some drug offenders as ‘‘nonviolent,’’ and these people are serving manda-
tory minimum sentences for carrying a firearm in the commission of a crime. Few Americans would call someone who carries a gun while committing a drug crime nonviolent. And the leni-ency industrial complex wants people to think that people who are sentenced to mandatory minimum sentences are somehow low-level offenders. They ne-glect to mention that the true low- level offenders receive the safety valve and avoid mandatory minimum sen-tences and that many others avoid them by providing substantial assist-ance to law enforcement. 
Many of the cases they cite involve 
repeat offenders. Repeat offenders are not low level. Lenient sentences did not stop them from dealing dangerous drugs, and another lenient sentence won’t stop their next drug deal. 
When it comes to terms such as ‘‘low 
level’’ and ‘‘nonviolent,’’ again quoting Orwell, the bill’s supporters have their own private definition, but allow the hearer to think they mean something quite different. 
Their political language has to con-
sist largely of euphemisms, question- begging, and sheer cloudy vagueness. 
I regret to say that the elements in 
the media have uncritically accepted the Orwellian rhetoric surrounding this bill. A recent New York Times edi-torial swallowed the ‘‘low-level’’ rhet-oric whole hog. It challenged my well- supported conclusion that high-level offenders would benefit from enact-ment of the Smarter Sentencing Act, without even mentioning the serious crimes and drugs the bill applies to. It editorialized that my opposition to the bill ‘‘defies . . . empirical data,’’ even though my sources are the sentencing commission and the Obama adminis-tration appointees. 
When the Times attempted to back 
up its support for the bill, it linked not to any authoritative evidence but to the report of an ideological advocacy group. This is the so-called empirical data that the Times finds worthy. 
Why should taxpayers fund the sen-
tencing commission if the self-pro-claimed paper of record shuns its sta-tistics in favor of those offered by lob-bying groups? The Times said the Fed-eral policymakers should rely on State experience in reforming sentences, so I would like to do that. 
Only 270 citizens are prosecuted for 
drug possession in the Federal system each year, and most receive probation. The States have many drug possession offenders in prison, so the actions they take for that class of offenders do not bear on Federal prison populations, nor do the States prosecute anyone for im-portation of heroin or LSD or meth or cocaine. But the Federal Government does, as my colleagues know. So State drug sentencing changes are not rel-evant to those prisoners as well. And it is the Federal Government, much more than the States, that uses lower level offenders to take down the most seri-ous drug offenders. Meanwhile, I have offered to consider 
legislation that would lower some man-datory minimum sentences if others could be imposed or raised. For in-stance, the sentencing commission has identified child pornography and finan-cial crimes such as insider trading as areas where Federal judges are particu-larly lenient and where no mandatory minimum sentences exist. But it is the proponents of the Smarter Sentencing Act who refuse to take me up on that good-faith offer. Their ideology does not include compromise. 
The White House says they want to 
work with this Senator on these issues, but then invites other Members of Con-gress, but not the chairman of the Sen-ate Judiciary Committee, to a meeting to discuss the subject. Since then, I have had a discussion with the Presi-dent inviting me to come down there and visit with him some time. 
But in the New York Times’ Orwell-
ian world, this Senator is a roadblock to sentencing reform. That is upside down and backward. Problems do exist in the criminal justice system. I plan to have the Judiciary Committee ad-dress some important ones. But rather than marking up ill-considered and dangerous legislation such as the so- called Smarter Sentencing Act, we will take up bills that can achieve a large measure of consensus. I would like to take this opportunity to address some of the committee’s criminal justice agenda, which will show my commit-ment to real problem solving through consensus. The first area we will ad-dress is reform of asset forfeiture. 
Asset forfeiture can serve a valuable 
purpose for law enforcement and soci-ety by helping to deprive criminals and criminal organizations of their money—money from proceeds of their crimes and the instrumentality of that crime. It also helps to compensate vic-tims who are injured or who suffer as a result of criminals’ wrongdoing. It can also return that money to law enforce-ment, which can use it to continue to combat serious crime and put more bad guys behind bars. 
But current law provides perverse in-
centive that have led to abuses. Law enforcement can sometimes directly benefit from property that they seize, sometimes contrary to State law. Those whose property is taken often do not have access to fair procedures or law enforcement to help them get that property back. These processes and procedures need real structural reform. Innocent property owners must be able to challenge seizures and protect their property from government abuses. 
I am also looking into reversing a 
Supreme Court decision that denies property owners the opportunity to use their very own money to hire a lawyer to help defend them against the gov-ernment. Even though the administra-tion has made some administrative changes to these practices and policies in response to widespread criticism, I believe real legislative reform is need-ed. I look forward to working with my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MR6.034 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1380 March 10, 2015 
colleagues in a bipartisan way to make 
those necessary changes. 
Second, as a way of looking at re-
form, I am very concerned that too many times in America equality under the law is not a reality; that the poor do not receive the same justice in many instances. For more than 50 years, the Supreme Court has ruled that indigent people accused of felonies must be afforded counsel. And for more than 40 years, starting with the deci-sion of Argersinger v. Hamlin, the Su-preme Court has found that the Sixth Amendment of the Constitution re-quires that Federal, State, and local governments provide counsel to indigents who are accused of mis-demeanors if their convictions could potentially lead to imprisonment. 
I regret to say that although I am 
aware of instances where the Federal Government is responsible, it is par-ticularly at the State level where the Sixth Amendment is violated numer-ous times on a daily basis. I cannot think of any Supreme Court decision that has ever faced such resistance in magnitude and time as that Hamlin case. 
Indigent misdemeanants are being 
pressured to waive counsel. Sometimes they are threatened with imprisonment if they seek to have counsel appointed. There are other ways the decision is violated. Then there is the question of the competence of the counsel actually appointed, given how many cases are assigned to an individual lawyer and how quickly judges resolve them. 
I fear some innocent people are being 
sentenced to prison. There are other consequences as well. We should make sure there are collateral consequences imposed on people who are guilty of do-mestic violence misdemeanors, for in-stance. We do not want collateral con-sequences imposed on people who did not actually commit misdemeanors. 
If people later get in trouble with the 
law, we don’t want them to qualify for the safety valve because some of their previous convictions were for mis-demeanors in which they did not re-ceive the right to counsel. We don’t want people to have criminal records when they seek employment when they did not have counsel who could have prevented a conviction. 
In some situations, a misdemeanor 
will automatically become a felony if the accused has committed it repeat-edly. We don’t want a misdemeanor conviction to render a later crime a felony if questions of innocence sur-round the earlier crime. 
Third, I want to address databases 
for criminal records. Those databases can serve useful purposes, such as ena-bling background checks, background checks on people who are being consid-ered for a job or for volunteering to work with children. There are pro-posals to expand the purposes for which the databases can be used, but I am concerned about the quality and the completeness of the records in the database. If the database contains erro-neous or outdated material, then the 
people being checked may unfairly lose out on a job or the ability to help chil-dren. 
There are procedures at the Federal 
level to challenge the information in the database if the person knows their records are inaccurate, but that is a very steep climb. The States have their own procedures for people to challenge the accuracy of criminal records, but success there may be even harder and may cost more than people can afford. Records are also sometimes not ex-punged, even when the law said they must be expunged. 
I do not want to see the arrest record 
turn up in a background check and deny someone the ability to work, deny the economy the benefit of that pro-ductivity, and deprive the government of tax revenue from that work because a background check turned up a record of an arrest from long ago that never resulted in a conviction. 
This is a widespread problem. Ac-
cording to press reports, when arrests are included, 32 percent of adults in this country have criminal records that are contained in databases. I am sure we can reach bipartisan agree-ment on legislation to address this problem in some form. 
There are dangerous and poorly con-
sidered proposals to change the crimi-nal justice system that are divisive, are not based on reality, and will never become law. There are also problems in the criminal justice system that are clear, widely recognized, have serious consequences, and can be the subject of effective bipartisan legislative efforts. I will do what I can to make sure the Committee on the Judiciary devotes its energy to the second category. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
PASSENGER RAIL 
REAUTHORIZATION 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, the 
House of Representatives recently passed H.R. 749, the Passenger Rail Re-form and Investment Act of 2015. 
I am pleased to see the House take 
bipartisan action on this bill. Intercity passenger rail is a critical part of our transportation infrastructure. People in many regions of the country are in desperate need of better ways to travel between fast-growing cities, and pas-senger rail is our best hope at relieving congestion on highways and runways that don’t have additional room to ex-pand. 
The House bill is a good step forward. 
H.R. 749 would maintain current levels of Federal support for Amtrak to oper-ate routes that connect the country. It would also authorize some additional funding to invest in passenger rail projects and improve a Federal loan program that can be used for rail infra-structure. This is a productive place to start. 
The authorization levels in this bill 
are too low to get our passenger rail network where it needs to be, let alone to keep up with the rest of the world by 
bringing high-speed rail to the United States. H.R. 749 also fails to address critical rail safety priorities or even reauthorize funding for the Federal Railroad Administration’s safety over-sight activities. 
We can and must do better than a 
flat-funded authorization bill that turns a blind eye to safety and to the 
growing needs of our country. I look forward to working with my colleagues in the Senate to improve this bill and make some real progress toward devel-oping modern, safe, and efficient pas-senger rail options that America de-serves. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
∑Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I wish 
today to honor Bob Hufford, an icon in the Missouri food industry for the past 63 years. He announced his retirement from the Associated Wholesale Grocers, AWG, board of directors after four dec-ades of service with the last 11 years having served as its chairman. AWG is a retailer-owned cooperative serving over 2,300 retail member stores with a complete assortment of grocery, fresh meat, fresh produce, specialty foods, health care, and general merchandise items. 
During Bob’s tenure as chairman, 
AWG sales grew from $4.5 billion in 2004 to almost $9 billion in 2014, while pa-tronage paid to members grew by 155 percent. Bob helped direct the addition of the Fort Worth division in 2007, the replacement of the Oklahoma City dis-tribution center in the same year, and the addition of the gulf coast division in 2013. During the same period, Bob grew his own company, Town and Country, in Fredericktown, MO, to be one of the largest employers in south-east Missouri with over 10,000 employ-ees. 
Bob’s passion for the food business 
was sparked early in his life by his fa-ther’s work for a meatpacking com-pany. Bob’s first job was working in a local supermarket, while going through high school and later college. He be-came a sales representative for the Na-tional Biscuit Company, otherwise known as Nabisco, in 1958. While work-ing for Nabisco, Bob called on two gro-cers, Max Penner and Wayne Gott, who recognized his leadership skills and work ethic. In 1970 they invited him to become a third partner in a new 5,000- square-foot store in Fredericktown, which Bob accepted. 
From that modest beginning Bob 
grew his business to 44 stores currently operating. Recently, Bob converted his company into an employee-owned com-pany, allowing his employees to share in the store’s profits. Today Bob serves as the CEO of the company, which op-erates stores in Missouri, Arkansas, Tennessee, and Kentucky. He and his wife Marsha have a wonderful family of five children, eight grandchildren, and two great-grandchildren. Many of his family members have worked in the business next to Bob. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MR6.035 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1381 March 10, 2015 
Bob was named Missouri grocer of 
the year and inducted into the Mis-souri Grocers Association Hall of Fame, along with his good friend and former partner Wayne Gott. 
I ask that all my colleagues join me 
in congratulating Bob Hufford on his decades of success. I wish him the best in his well-deserved retirement. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING AARON ANDERSON 
∑Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, today I 
honor the life of Aaron Anderson, a longtime resident of San Francisco, a passionate advocate for education, a devoted and loyal friend, and most of all a dedicated family man, who passed away on February 7, 2015. He spent 25 years in higher education as a learner, educator and contributor, most re-cently as an administrator and instruc-tor at San Francisco State University’s College of Business. He was 50 years old. 
Aaron was originally from Old 
Saybrook, CT, and attended the Uni-versity of Connecticut, where he was captain of the men’s cross country team. He began his career in higher education in student services at Cali-fornia Polytechnic State University and University of California, Berkeley, and went on to receive his Ph.D. in higher education from the University of Michigan. He was an expert and au-thor in the area of organizational be-havior and change, and brought this expertise to his passion for advancing education at all levels. 
At SFSU, Aaron served as director of 
strategic organizational initiatives, following stints as executive MBA pro-gram director and graduate business programs acting director. As an in-structor in organizational change and psychology, he inspired and fostered creativity in his students and col-leagues and served as a mentor to many of the graduate students in his classes. His passion for education ex-tended outside the classroom as well, where he found time to serve as a Board member for Educate Our State and as President of the McKinley Ele-mentary School PTA. 
In addition to the passion he brought 
to his profession, Aaron had a love for life that could not be suppressed. He re-mained physically active, biking wher-ever he went and never missing an op-portunity to run up Mt. Tam or windsurf at Chrissy Field. He played weekly at traditional Irish music ses-sions in Berkeley and San Francisco and was an avid photographer and a prolific user of social media. Most im-portantly, however, he was deeply com-mitted to his family, and embraced his early role as a stay-at-home dad. 
Aaron will be deeply missed by all 
those lucky enough to have known him. I send my heartfelt condolences to his loving wife, Darby Davenport, as well as his two sons, Clayton and Jer-emy. ∑ RECOGNIZING DR. M. JOHN 
CULLINANE 
∑Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, I wish 
to commend Dr. Murdock John Cullinane, Jr., for his 46 years of serv-
ice to the U.S. Army Corps of Engi-neers. 
Dr. Cullinane, who will retire this 
month, is Deputy Director of the U.S. Army Engineer Research and Develop-ment Center, ERDC, in Vicksburg, MS, a position he has held since 2010. He is culminating his public service career as the second in command of one of our Nation’s most diverse research and de-velopment institutions. As Deputy Di-rector, he has led the ERDC program management board, which is respon-sible for developing and implementing the organization’s strategic mission. He has earned the respect of his col-leagues and others for his commitment to the best interests of ERDC and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. 
Prior to becoming Deputy Director, 
Dr. Cullinane served as a senior science technical manager and spent 9 years as the technical director for ERDC’s Envi-ronmental Quality and Installations business area, which conducts research on installation transformation, oper-ations, and environmental issues, as well as remediation and restoration, land planning, stewardship and man-agement, threatened and endangered species, and cultural resources. He pre-viously served as the technical director of military environmental engineering and science, as well as program man-ager of restoration research, a position that saw him direct all aspects of the Army restoration research program. 
Dr. Cullinane has also led ERDC in 
several successful corporate initiatives to optimize the generation of unique technical solutions for a diverse cus-tomer base and to develop effective, ef-ficient, and sustainable ERDC business operations and processes. He has also championed the ERDC Business So-phistication, Employee Success, Supe-rior Solutions, Strategic Communica-tion, and the Transition Stratagem, BESST, Initiative, a strategic frame-work designed to guide the organiza-tion into the year 2020. 
Dr. Cullinane has had a distinguished 
career of exemplary service to the U.S. Army and the Army Corps of Engi-neers. His professionalism, dedication, and technical expertise have been valu-able to ERDC and are a testament to his good character and high standards. His contributions are in keeping with the finest traditions of military and ci-vilian service and reflect great credit upon the Army Corps, the Army, and our Nation. 
I am pleased to commend Dr. 
Cullinane for his service and to wish him well in the years ahead. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING NORTH DAKOTA 
FARM SERVICE AGENCY EM-PLOYEES 
∑Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I 
wish to recognize the 302 U.S. Depart-ment of Agriculture Farm Service 
Agency—FSA—staff in North Dakota and thank them for their hard work and dedication to serving our State’s farmers and ranchers. 
The farm bill is perhaps the most im-
portant piece of legislation we can pass for North Dakota, and I am proud to have been a part of writing and passing it. But the work doesn’t end when the President signs the bill. In fact, that is when the real work begins for hundreds of FSA employees. 
Our farmers are faced with a big deci-
sion this month, when they will decide on both base acre reallocation and yield updates as well as elect which farm program they will participate in for the next 5 years. 
This is a big decision for farmers, and 
one that will have effects on their bot-tom lines for the next 5 years. It is also a complicated decision. The 2014 farm bill gave producers the opportunity to tailor farm programs to their specific operation by choosing between revenue protection—at the county or individual farm level—or price protection cov-erage, or a combination of the two. 
These important decisions are com-
pounded for farmers with declining commodity prices and producers facing greater economic uncertainty than they have in recent years. 
And that is why the FSA staff are so 
important. They held 307 informational sessions attended by 15,469 individuals across our State throughout the winter to update as many producers as pos-sible on their options. And they have 
had long days with our farmers at the local level helping folks with base re-allocation, yield updates, and program election. Producers recognize and ap-preciate their hard work and dedica-tion, and I thank them for their service to our State. I have heard from farmers more than once that ‘‘the ladies in the office know what they’re doing and have been very helpful.’’ 
I would also like to thank the North 
Dakota State University Extension Service staff for the countless hours they have put into educating producers about their options and walking them through how each program and eco-nomic scenario could affect them for the next 5 years. 
Farmers and ranchers are the back-
bone of my State and this country. It is important that we continue to provide them with the tools and certainty they need. I thank the dedicated men and women of the Farm Service Agency who work daily to make this a re-ality. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT 
A message from the President of the 
United States was communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGE REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate a mes-sage from the President of the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MR6.022 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1382 March 10, 2015 
States submitting a nomination which 
was referred to the Committee on Armed Services. 
(The message received today is print-
ed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–856. A communication from the Under 
Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the Department of Defense (DoD) intending to assign women to pre-viously closed positions in the Army; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–857. A communication from the Acting 
Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting, pursuant to law, the annual report of the National Security Education Program for fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–858. A communication from the General 
Counsel of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Home Loan Bank Capital Stock and Capital Plans’’ (RIN2590–AA71) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 4, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–859. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to South Sudan that was declared in Executive Order 13664 of April 3, 2014; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–860. A message from the President of 
the United States, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the issuance of an Executive Order declaring a national emer-gency with respect to the unusual and ex-traordinary threat to the national security and foreign policy of the United States posed by the situation in Venezuela; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
EC–861. A communication from the Chief of 
the Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, Customs and Border Protection, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Extension of Import Restrictions Im-posed on Certain Categories of Archae-ological Material From the Pre-Hispanic Cultures of the Republic of El Salvador’’ (RIN1515–AE01) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 9, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–862. A communication from the Admin-
istrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Serv-ice, Department of Agriculture, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Rural Development Loan Servicing’’ (RIN0570–AA88) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 6, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. 
EC–863. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Energy Efficiency and Renew-able Energy, Department of Energy, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the semi-annual Implementation Report on Energy Conserva-tion Standards Activities of the Department of Energy; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–864. A communication from the Super-
visory Attorney Advisor, Office of Violence Against Women, Department of Justice, 
transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Grants To Encourage Arrest Policies and Enforcement of Protection Or-ders’’ (RIN1105–AB43) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 4, 2015; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–865. A communication from the Chief of 
Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Section 73.622(i), Post-Transition Table of DTV Allotments, Television Broad-cast Stations (Lansing, Michigan)’’ ((MB Docket No. 15–2) (DA 15–210)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 4, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–866. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries Off West Coast States; Coastal Pelagic Species Fisheries; Annual Specifica-tions’’ (RIN0648–XD437) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 4, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–867. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries Off West Coast States; Pacific Cod Vessels Using Pot Gear in the Western Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XD715) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 4, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–868. A communication from the Federal 
Register Liaison Officer, Alcohol and To-bacco Tax and Trade Bureau, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establishment of the Fountaingrove District Viticultural Area’’ (RIN1513–AC09) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 4, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–869. A communication from the Chief of 
Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Implemen-tation of Sections 101, 103 and 105 of the STELA Reauthorization Act of 2014’’ (MB Docket No. 15–37) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 4, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–870. A communication from the Deputy 
Director, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; HHS Notice of Ben-efit and Payment Parameters for 2016’’ ((RIN0938–AS19) (CMS–9944-F)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 25, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–871. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Employee Services, Office of Personnel Management, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; Establishment of the Multi-State Plan Program for the Af-fordable Insurance Exchanges’’ (RIN3206– AN12) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 27, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–872. A communication from the General 
Counsel, General Services Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Admin-istrator, General Services Administration, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 4, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs. 
EC–873. A communication from the Dis-
trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Certified Business Enterprise Expenditures of Public- Private Development Construction Projects for Fiscal Year 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–874. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–593, ‘‘Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–875. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–594, ‘‘St. Elizabeths East Re-development Support Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–876. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–595, ‘‘Renewable Energy Port-folio Standard Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–877. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–597, ‘‘Sonia Gutierrez Campus Way Designation Act of 2014’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–878. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–598, ‘‘Closing of a Public Alley in Square 1412, S.O. 13–10159, Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–879. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–599, ‘‘Urban Farming and Food Security Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–880. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–600, ‘‘Notice Requirements for Historic Properties Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–881. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–601, ‘‘U Street/14th Street, N.W., and Georgia Avenue Great Streets Neighborhood Retail Priority Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–882. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–602, ‘‘Workforce Investment Implementation Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–883. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–603, ‘‘Public Space Mainte-nance Contracting Authorization Amend-ment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–884. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–604, ‘‘Federal Health Reform Implementation and Omnibus Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MR6.013 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1383 March 10, 2015 
EC–885. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–605, ‘‘Human Rights Amend-ment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–886. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–606, ‘‘Executive Service Com-pensation System Changes and Pay Schedule Approval Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–887. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–607, ‘‘Office of Motion Picture and Television Development Establishment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–888. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–608, ‘‘Adoption Fee Amend-ment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–889. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–609, ‘‘Omnibus Alcoholic Bev-erage Regulation Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–890. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–610, ‘‘Prohibition of Pre-Em-ployment Marijuana Testing Temporary Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–891. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–611, ‘‘Parkside Parcel E and J Mixed-Income Apartments Tax Abatement Temporary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–892. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–615, ‘‘New Columbia State-hood Initiative Omnibus Boards and Com-missions Reform Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–893. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–618, ‘‘Clinical Laboratory Practitioners Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–894. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–619, ‘‘Civil Asset Forfeiture Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–895. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–620, ‘‘Primary Date Alteration Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–896. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–621, ‘‘License to Carry a Pistol Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–897. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report 
on D.C. Act 20–622, ‘‘Nuisance Abatement No-tice Temporary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–898. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–623, ‘‘Not-for-Profit Hospital Corporation Certificate of Need Exemption Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–899. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–624, ‘‘UDC Fundraising Exten-sion Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–900. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–625, ‘‘Classroom Animal for Education Purposes Clarification Second Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–901. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–626, ‘‘Apprenticeship Mod-ernization Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–902. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–627, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2015 Revised Budget Request Temporary Adjustment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–903. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–628, ‘‘Lots 36, 41, and 802 in Square 3942 and Parcels 0143/107 and 0143/110 Eminent Domain Authorization Temporary Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–904. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–630, ‘‘Ticket Sale Regulation Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. DONNELLY (for himself, Mr. 
TOOMEY , Mr. M ANCHIN , and Mr. C OT-
TON): 
S. 682. A bill to amend the Truth in Lend-
ing Act to modify the definitions of a mort-gage originator and a high-cost mortgage; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mrs. 
G
ILLIBRAND , and Mr. P AUL): 
S. 683. A bill to extend the principle of fed-
eralism to State drug policy, provide access to medical marijuana, and enable research into the medicinal properties of marijuana; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. BURR (for himself and Mr. 
M
ANCHIN ): 
S. 684. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the provision of services for homeless veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 685. A bill to prescribe safety standards 
for autocycles and related equipment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. 
E
NZI, Mr. C RAPO , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. 
PERDUE , Mr. S COTT, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. 
ISAKSON , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. B OOZMAN , 
Mr. C ORNYN , and Mr. J OHNSON ): 
S. 686. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide a limitation on certain aliens from claiming the earned in-come tax credit; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. 
R
UBIO): 
S. 687. A bill to authorize the establish-
ment of American Dream Accounts; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Mr. 
P
ORTMAN , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. K IRK, Mr. 
NELSON , and Mr. B ROWN ): 
S. 688. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to adjust the Medicare hospital readmission reduction program to respond to patient disparities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. THUNE (for himself and Ms. 
K
LOBUCHAR ): 
S. 689. A bill to provide protections for cer-
tain sports medicine professionals who pro-vide certain medical services in a secondary State; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. INHOFE (for himself, Mr. 
L
ANKFORD , and Mr. C RAPO ): 
S. 690. A bill to support local decision-
making functions of local educational agen-cies by limiting the authority of the Sec-retary of Education to issue regulations, rules, grant conditions, and guidance mate-rials, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. REID (for himself and Mr. 
H
ELLER ): 
S. 691. A bill to require the Nuclear Regu-
latory Commission to obtain the consent of affected State and local governments before authorizing the construction of a nuclear waste repository; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
By Mr. SCHUMER (for himself and 
Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ): 
S. 692. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 442 East 167th Street in Bronx, New York, as the ‘‘Herman Badillo Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. NELSON (for himself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Mr. S CHUMER , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
Mr. S COTT, Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. B OXER , 
and Mr. P ETERS ): 
S. 693. A bill to posthumously award a Con-
gressional Gold Medal to Lena Horne in rec-ognition of her achievements and contribu-tions to American culture and the civil rights movement; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. RISCH (for himself and Mr. 
C
RAPO ): 
S. 694. A bill to exempt certain 16- and 17- 
year-old children employed in logging or mechanized operations from child labor laws; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. TOOMEY: 
S. 695. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to conduct a study on mat-ters relating to the burial of unclaimed re-mains of veterans in national cemeteries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Mr. 
K
AINE): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:52 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S10MR5.REC S10MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1384 March 10, 2015 
S. 696. A bill to increase the number and 
percentage of students who graduate from high school college and career ready with the ability to use knowledge to solve complex problems, think critically, communicate ef-fectively, collaborate with others, and de-velop academic mindsets, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. V
IT-
TER, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. 
CARPER , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. C OONS , Mr. 
BOOZMAN , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mrs. C AP-
ITO, Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. C ASSIDY , Ms. 
HEITKAMP , Mr. C RAPO , Ms. S TABENOW , 
Mr. H OEVEN , and Mr. P ORTMAN ): 
S. 697. A bill to amend the Toxic Sub-
stances Control Act to reauthorize and mod-ernize that Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. ENZI (for himself, Mr. D
URBIN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. 
BLUNT , Mr. R EED, Mr. C ORKER , Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , and Mr. K ING): 
S. 698. A bill to restore States’ sovereign 
rights to enforce State and local sales and use tax laws, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. SCHUMER (for himself, Mr. 
R
EID, Mr. W YDEN , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. 
STABENOW , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. C ARDIN , 
Mrs. S HAHEEN , and Mr. M ENENDEZ ): 
S. 699. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the American Opportunity Tax Credit, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Mr. 
M
ARKEY ): 
S. 700. A bill to amend the Asbestos Infor-
mation Act of 1988 to establish a public data-base of asbestos-containing products, to re-quire public disclosure of information per-taining to the manufacture, processing, dis-tribution, and use of asbestos-containing products in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. CRAPO (for himself and Mr. 
R
ISCH): 
S. 701. A bill for the relief of Tim Lowry 
and Paul Nettleton of Owyhee County, Idaho; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. 
RUBIO): 
S. Res. 99. A resolution calling on the Gov-
ernment of Iran to fulfill its promises of as-sistance in the case of Robert Levinson, the longest held United States civilian in our Nation’s History; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 139 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 139, a bill to permanently allow an exclusion under the Supple-mental Security Income program and the Medicaid program for compensa-tion provided to individuals who par-ticipate in clinical trials for rare dis-eases or conditions. S. 155 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
155, a bill to promote freedom, fairness, and economic opportunity by repealing the income tax and other taxes, abol-ishing the Internal Revenue Service, and enacting a national sales tax to be administered primarily by the States. 
S. 178 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , her 
name was withdrawn as a cosponsor of S. 178, a bill to provide justice for the victims of trafficking. 
At the request of Mr. C
ORNYN , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 178, supra. 
S. 197 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 197, a bill to amend the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to award grants to States to im-prove delivery of high-quality assess-ments, and for other purposes. 
S. 207 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
names of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) and the Senator from Kan-
sas (Mr. R OBERTS ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 207, a bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to use ex-isting authorities to furnish health care at non-Department of Veterans Affairs facilities to veterans who live more than 40 miles driving distance from the closest medical facility of the Department that furnishes the care sought by the veteran, and for other purposes. 
S. 262 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ), the Senator from Rhode Island 
(Mr. R EED), the Senator from Oregon 
(Mr. M ERKLEY ) and the Senator from 
Colorado (Mr. B ENNET ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 262, a bill to reauthor-ize the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 271 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the name 
of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H ELL-
ER) was added as a cosponsor of S. 271, 
a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit certain retired mem-bers of the uniformed services who have a service-connected disability to receive both disability compensation from the Department of Veterans Af-fairs for their disability and either re-tired pay by reason of their years of military service or Combat-Related Special Compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 314 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 314, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare pro-gram of pharmacist services. S. 335 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 335, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve 529 plans. 
S. 352 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 352, a bill to amend section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemption from the individual health coverage mandate, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 373 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 373, a bill to provide for the estab-lishment of nationally uniform and en-vironmentally sound standards gov-erning discharges incidental to the nor-mal operation of a vessel. 
S. 405 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the 
names of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE), the Senator from Montana 
(Mr. D AINES ), the Senator from Indiana 
(Mr. D ONNELLY ), the Senator from 
North Dakota (Mr. H OEVEN ), the Sen-
ator from Montana (Mr. T ESTER ), the 
Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B AR-
RASSO ), the Senator from Missouri 
(Mrs. M CCASKILL ), the Senator from 
Arkansas (Mr. C OTTON ), the Senator 
from Colorado (Mr. B ENNET ), the Sen-
ator from Colorado (Mr. G ARDNER ), the 
Senator from Maine (Mr. K ING) and the 
Senator from Nevada (Mr. H ELLER ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 405, a bill to protect and enhance opportuni-ties for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, and for other purposes. 
S. 423 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 423, a bill to amend the Gramm- Leach-Bliley Act to provide an excep-tion to the annual written privacy no-tice requirement. 
S. 440 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) and the Senator from 
Missouri (Mr. B LUNT ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 440, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for an exclusion for assistance pro-vided to participants in certain veteri-nary student loan repayment or for-giveness. 
S. 474 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 474, a bill to require State edu-cational agencies that receive funding under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to have in effect policies and procedures on background 
checks for school employees. 
S. 505 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MR6.017 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1385 March 10, 2015 
(Mr. W ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 505, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the Health Coverage Tax Credit. 
S. 539 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) and the Senator from 
New Hampshire (Ms. A YOTTE ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 539, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to repeal the Medicare out-patient rehabilitation therapy caps. 
S. 546 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 546, a bill to establish the Railroad Emergency Services Pre-paredness, Operational Needs, and Safety Evaluation (RESPONSE) Sub-committee under the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency’s National Advisory Council to provide rec-ommendations on emergency responder training and resources relating to haz-ardous materials incidents involving railroads, and for other purposes. 
S. 559 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the 
names of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ), the Senator from 
Missouri (Mr. B LUNT ) and the Senator 
from Kentucky (Mr. P AUL) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 559, a bill to pro-hibit the Secretary of Education from engaging in regulatory overreach with regard to institutional eligibility under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes. 
S. 578 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 578, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 582 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 582, a bill to prohibit taxpayer fund-ed abortions. 
S. 591 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 591, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend the new markets tax credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 615 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the 
names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) and the Senator from 
South Dakota (Mr. R OUNDS ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 615, a bill to provide for congressional review and oversight of agreements relating to Iran’s nu-clear program, and for other purposes. 
S. 627 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 627, a bill to require the 
Secretary of Veterans Affairs to revoke bonuses paid to employees involved in electronic wait list manipulations, and for other purposes. 
S. 678 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
678, a bill to declare English as the offi-cial language of the United States, to establish a uniform English language rule for naturalization, and to avoid misconstructions of the English lan-guage texts of the laws of the United States, pursuant to Congress’ powers to provide for the general welfare of the United States and to establish a uni-form rule of naturalization under arti-cle I, section 8, of the Constitution. 
S. CON. RES. 4 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. Con. Res. 4, a concurrent reso-lution supporting the Local Radio Freedom Act. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, 
Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Mr. 
PAUL): 
S. 683. A bill to extend the principle 
of federalism to State drug policy, pro-vide access to medical marijuana, and enable research into the medicinal properties of marijuana; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I wish 
to introduce the Compassionate Ac-cess, Research Expansion, and Respect States Act CARERS Act. This com-monsense legislation would make our Federal marijuana criminal laws fairer and more in line with our values and ensure that medical marijuana is more accessible to the millions of Americans who need it for treatment purposes. I thank Senator K
IRSTEN GILLIBRAND  
and Senator R ANDPAULfor joining me 
on this bill, and I appreciate their hard work on this legislation. 
The CARERS Act would clarify how 
the Federal Government handles med-ical marijuana in the States. Cur-rently, 23 States and the District of Co-lumbia have passed laws legalizing medical marijuana for qualified pa-tients. But the Federal Government still bans medical marijuana and treats the people who use it with contempt. It is time we end this backward approach toward a substance that helps treat millions of Americans, including vet-erans, who suffer from debilitating dis-eases. 
Today, the Federal Government clas-
sifies marijuana as a schedule I drug, meaning it lacks a recognized medical value and it has a high potential for abuse. Incredibly, marijuana shares the same classification with such drugs as heroin or LSD-substances that no one disputes are incredibly dangerous and harmful. Schedule II is the next con-
trolled substances category for drugs deemed to have some medical use, such as cocaine and methamphetamine. The view that marijuana has no medical use whatsoever, but the methamphet-amine has some medicinal use is trou-bling and contrary to science. We can do better. 
In 2013, the Department of Justice 
issued guidance to Federal prosecutors and regulators to refrain from pros-ecuting individuals that use, purchase or sell marijuana in States where it is legal as long as a State regulatory framework exists that maintains cer-tain standards, such as a ban on sales to minors. As a result of this guidance, more and more States have taken steps 
to legalize medical marijuana. 
Sadly, despite this guidance, the in-
ability of Federal and State law to be on the same page regarding the legal-ity of medical marijuana has resulted in confusion and uncertainty for State regulators and the public about what the law requires. This lack of clarity is only part of the problem. Individual users of medical marijuana in States with legalized medical marijuana con-tinue to be targeted by the Drug En-forcement Agency. That is unaccept-able and must change. Individuals who use medical marijuana in States where it is legal should not fear prosecution simply based on prosecutorial discre-tion. We can do better. 
I am encouraged that the winds of 
change are blowing at the Federal level on whether to prosecute medical mari-juana, but confusion remains. While the 2013 guidance likely trumps the prior two memorandum, what message do these documents send? Is medical marijuana legal or not? Is it right that the law can be changed at a moment’s notice by an unelected Federal pros-ecutor? And what protection does State law afford medical marijuana users when State and Federal law col-lide, especially when marijuana is clas-sified by the Federal Government as a schedule I drug? This legislation brings certainty and uniformity to these issues. 
Another problem with current law is 
that medical marijuana operates large-ly in the shadows because financial in-stitutions are scared to do business with legitimate marijuana businesses. Banks and other financial institutions are hesitant to do business with legiti-mate marijuana businesses because they are concerned about losing their Federal depository insurance or facing Federal prosecution. As a result, the medical marijuana industry operates largely as a cash business which is bad for the economy and endangers public safety. Dealing with high quantities of cash and having to transport it leaves these businesses and their operatives as easy targets for criminals. 
The current medical marijuana situa-
tion in America is untenable. It is un-fair for the Americans that operate le-gitimate marijuana businesses. It is unfair to people with disabilities, in-cluding veterans with post-traumatic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MR6.019 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1386 March 10, 2015 
stress, traumatic brain injury or miss-
ing limbs who rely on medical mari-juana for treatment. It is unfair to children with intractable epilepsy who need cannabidiol-known as CBD-to con-trol their seizures. 
This issue has a real impact on the 
lives of ordinary Americans. Recently, my staff met with Jennie Stormes, a woman recently forced to leave my home State of New Jersey because of our restrictive medical marijuana laws. Ms. Stormes’ son Jackson suffers from Dravet syndrome, a severe and de-bilitating form of epilepsy. Without medication, Jackson can have multiple seizures in a day. This condition has af-fected Jackson’s development and put him through a tremendous amount of pain. 
Jeannie Stormes and her family 
shared with my staff the hardships of living in a State where it is hard to gain access to the medication Jackson needs. Jackson has tried 23 different drugs in 60-plus different combinations, but nothing worked to control his sei-zures. She talked about how medical marijuana was the first drug that con-trolled his seizures and changed their lives. Unfortunately, Jennie announced her family was moving to Colorado be-cause it was too difficult in New Jersey to access the medicine Jackson needed to stay alive. 
We need this legislation to help the 
Jackson Stormes of the world. No child in America with a debilitating disease deserves to live a life of pain without access to the medication that he or she needs. Jennie and Jackson’s story pains me. It tells me that we have a long way to go. But their story also gives me hope. It gives me hope be-cause despite all the hardships they have gone through, they remain strong and committed to their cause. It is peo-ple like Jennie and Jackson who make our country great. It is for them that we need to continue to fight to move our country forward. 
The CARERS Act would take signifi-
cant steps towards addressing the situ-ation that Jackson and Jennie went through. 
First, the bill would end the Federal 
prohibition of medical marijuana. Mil-lions of Americans need to gain access to the medicine that works best for them. The Federal Government’s cur-rent stance on medical marijuana has only created confusion and uncer-tainty. This bill would prohibit the Federal Government from prosecuting persons who are in compliance with State medical marijuana laws and let people, like Jackson, gain access to the care they need. 
The bill would reschedule marijuana 
as a schedule II drug. The Drug En-forcement Agency insists that medical marijuana is a fallacy. It insists that marijuana is a dangerous substance and it is properly classified as a sched-ule I drug. Doctors know that is wrong, I know that is wrong, Jennie and Jack-son know that is wrong. It is time we finally properly classify marijuana. The bill would also allow States to 
import CBD. CBD is an oil substance made from a marijuana plant that con-tains virtually no THC-meaning you experience no high from the drug. CBD is the medicine Jackson needs-along with thousands of other individuals with Dravet syndrome-to control his seizures. We must make this important drug more available so people can ac-cess the medication they need. 
The bill would create a safe harbor 
for banks and financial institutions that want to do business with legal medical marijuana businesses. It is not safe that these businesses are forced to deal only in cash. It is bad for our economy and it is bad for law enforce-ment. The bill would institute protec-tions that these institutions need to feel comfortable doing business with medical marijuana establishments. 
The bill would promote research. A 
large problem for our Nation is that not enough research exists on the im-pact of medical marijuana. We know there are legitimate medical uses of the drug, but we can learn much more. We need to allow experts to access the drug to conduct tests and clinical trials to fully understand the effects of the drug and how it can best be uti-lized. This will only benefit the doctors who prescribe it, the lawmakers who regulate it, and the people who need it. 
Finally, the bill would allow VA doc-
tors to prescribe medical marijuana to veterans in States that have legalized medical marijuana. Many men and women in uniform who have bravely served our Nation come home with in-visible wounds of war and they deserve the best care available. This means al-lowing them access to the medicine they need to heal or control their con-dition. Those who have served our country deserve to be served by us, and that means receiving the best care available. 
I want to thank Senators P
AUL and 
GILLIBRAND for working on this legisla-
tion with me and I urge my colleagues to work with us to help ensure the CARERS Act is signed into law. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, 
Mr. E NZI, Mr. C RAPO , Mr. 
INHOFE , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. S COTT, 
Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. C OR-
NYN, and Mr. J OHNSON ): 
S. 686. A bill to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a limi-tation on certain aliens from claiming the earned income tax credit; to the Committee on Finance. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, 
today I am introducing legislation with Senator E
NZIand a few other Senators 
to close a tax loophole that could mean billions of dollars in tax benefits going to individuals based on work they per-formed illegally in the United States. 
The tax benefit I am referring to is 
the earned-income tax credit. The earned-income tax credit was estab-lished as a work incentive to help move more individuals from the welfare rolls to the payrolls. The policy behind the 
EITC is one I and many of my col-leagues support as it is intended to fos-ter betterment and personal responsi-
bility by giving those on the lowest rungs of the labor pool an extra incen-tive to jump in and stay in the work-force rather than rely on welfare pro-grams. 
It does this by providing a tax benefit 
to low-income individuals based on the amount of earned income they have. 
The earned income tax credit is re-
fundable, so it benefits even those who don’t earn enough money to have a Federal income tax liability by pro-viding them a cash payment. 
In 1996 Congress as a matter of policy 
determined that the earned income tax credit should be ‘‘denied to individuals not authorized to be employed in the United States.’’ That is the exact lan-guage used in the title of the relevant provision that was enacted in 1996. Congress carried this policy out by re-quiring those claiming the earned in-come tax credit to provide a Social Se-curity number for themselves, their spouse, and their children. 
From a policy perspective, this rule 
made a lot of sense to me and many of my colleagues, as it passed both the House and the Senate with broad sup-port. Obviously, if the object of the earned income tax credit is to encour-age work, it makes no sense to provide such an incentive to those who are not legally allowed to work. Why would we want to encourage individuals to break our immigration laws? 
What Congress didn’t know at the 
time was that at an unknown future date, a President, with the stroke of a pen, would essentially grant millions of undocumented workers amnesty. Under the President’s action, those pre-viously working illegally in the United States will be eligible for work author-ization and a Social Security number. 
Based on an IRS interpretation of the 
earned income tax credit eligibility re-quirements, those who obtain a Social Security number will be eligible to claim the earned income tax credit not only for future years but for previous years while they were living and work-ing in the United States undocu-mented. Based on the statute of limita-tions, those obtaining deferred action could then go back and amend or file returns for up to 3 previous tax years to take advantage of a credit that can be worth several thousands of dollars each year. 
The legislation I am introducing 
today with Senator E
NZIwill fix this 
loophole by making it clear that those granted deferred action are not eligible to claim the earned income tax credit for the years they worked in the United States as undocumented work-ers. This proposal is simply an exten-sion of current policy. Those granted deferred action will still be able to claim the earned income tax credit in years going forward for work they per-form legally. This proposal reflects the commonsense proposition that Amer-ican taxpayers should not subsidize 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MR6.044 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1387 March 10, 2015 
work they performed illegally in the 
United States. 
This bill should be a no-brainer for 
any of my colleagues who agree that we should not reward individuals for breaking our immigration laws and our employment laws. I encourage my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to support this commonsense piece of leg-islation. 
By Mr. REID (for himself and Mr. 
HELLER ): 
S. 691. A bill to require the Nuclear 
Regulatory Commission to obtain the consent of affected State and local gov-ernments before authorizing the con-struction of a nuclear waste repository; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 691 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Nuclear 
Waste Informed Consent Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act, the terms ‘‘affected Indian 
tribe’’, ‘‘Commission’’, ‘‘high-level radio-active waste’’, ‘‘repository’’, and ‘‘spent nu-clear fuel’’ have the meanings given the terms in section 2 of the Nuclear Waste Pol-icy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10101). 
SEC. 3. CONSENT BASED APPROVAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commission may not 
authorize construction of a repository unless the Secretary has entered into an agreement to host the repository with— 
(1) the Governor of the State in which the 
repository is proposed to be located; 
(2) each affected unit of local government; (3) any unit of general local government 
contiguous to the affected unit of local gov-ernment if spent nuclear fuel or high-level radioactive waste will be transported through that unit of general local govern-ment for disposal at the repository; and 
(4) each affected Indian tribe. 
(b) C
ONDITIONS ON AGREEMENT .—Any agree-
ment to host a repository under this Act— 
(1) shall be in writing and signed by all 
parties; 
(2) shall be binding on the parties; and (3) shall not be amended or revoked except 
by mutual agreement of the parties. 
SEC. 4. APPLICATION. 
This Act applies to any application sub-
mitted to the Commission for construction authorization for a repository that— 
(1) exists as of the date of enactment of 
this Act; or 
(2) is submitted on or after the date of en-
actment of this Act. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself and 
Mr. M ARKEY ): 
S. 700. A bill to amend the Asbestos 
Information Act of 1988 to establish a public database of asbestos-containing products, to require public disclosure of information pertaining to the manu-facture, processing, distribution, and use of asbestos-containing products in the United States, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 700 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Reducing 
Exposure to Asbestos Database Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘READ Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— 
(1) the Administrator of the Environ-
mental Protection Agency has classified as-bestos as a category A human carcinogen, the highest cancer hazard classification for a substance; 
(2) the International Agency for Research 
on Cancer has classified asbestos as a class 1 human carcinogen; 
(3) despite the enactment of the Asbestos 
Information Act of 1988 (15 U.S.C. 2607 note; Public Law 100–577), which sought to improve transparency and public awareness of the presence of asbestos in commercial materials and products, many people in the United States still incorrectly believe that— 
(A) asbestos has been banned in the United 
States; and 
(B) there is no risk of exposure to asbestos 
through the use of new commercial products; 
(4) asbestos is still being imported and 
used, and is otherwise present as a contami-nant, in some consumer and industrial prod-ucts in the United States; 
(5) according to the Environmental Protec-
tion Agency, the manufacture, importation, processing, and distribution in commerce of many asbestos-containing products are not banned in the United States, including— 
(A) cement corrugated sheet; (B) cement flat sheet; (C) clothing; (D) pipeline wrap; (E) roofing felt; (F) vinyl floor tile; (G) cement shingle; (H) millboard; (I) cement pipe; (J) automatic transmission components; (K) clutch facings; (L) friction materials; (M) disc brake pads; (N) drum brake linings; (O) brake blocks; (P) gaskets; (Q) non-roofing coatings; and (R) roof coatings; (6) consumers and workers are at risk of 
asbestos exposure, and families of workers 
are also put at risk because of asbestos brought home by the workers on the shoes, clothes, skin, and hair of the workers; 
(7) the Environmental Working Group esti-
mates that as many as 10,000 citizens of the United States die each year from mesothe-lioma and other asbestos-related diseases; 
(8) the National Institutes of Health re-
ported to Congress that mesothelioma is a difficult disease to detect, diagnose, and treat; 
(9) mesothelioma responds poorly to con-
ventional chemotherapy, and although new combination treatments for mesothelioma have demonstrated some benefits— 
(A) the median survival period for meso-
thelioma is only 1 year after diagnosis of the disease; and 
(B) the majority of mesothelioma patients 
die within 2 years of diagnosis of the disease; and 
(10) until asbestos is completely banned 
from being used in or imported into the United States, transparent and accessible in-
formation about the location and identity of asbestos and asbestos-containing products in the United States is necessary to better pro-tect consumers, workers, families, and the people of the United States. 
SEC. 3. ESTABLISHMENT OF ASBESTOS-CON-
TAINING PRODUCT DATABASE. 
The Asbestos Information Act of 1988 (15 
U.S.C. 2607 note; Public Law 100–577) is amended— 
(1) in section 4— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (3) 
through (7) as paragraphs (4) through (8), re-spectively; and 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) A
SBESTOS -CONTAINING PRODUCT .—The 
term ‘asbestos-containing product’ means any product (including any part) to which asbestos is deliberately or knowingly added or in which asbestos is deliberately used or knowingly present in any concentration.’’; 
(2) in section 2, by inserting ‘‘(referred to 
in this Act as the ‘Administrator’)’’ after ‘‘Administrator of the Environmental Pro-tection Agency’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 5. ASBESTOS-CONTAINING PRODUCT DATA-
BASE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Using funds otherwise 
made available to the Administrator, the Ad-ministrator shall, in accordance with this section, establish and maintain a database of asbestos-containing products (referred to in this Act as the ‘database’) that is— 
‘‘(1) publicly available; ‘‘(2) searchable; and ‘‘(3) accessible through the website of the 
Administrator. 
‘‘(b) S
UBMISSION OF DETAILED IMPLEMENTA -
TION PLAN TO CONGRESS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a detailed plan for establishing and maintaining the database, including plans for the operation, content, maintenance, and functionality of the database. 
‘‘(2) I
NTEGRATION .—The plan described in 
paragraph (1) shall detail the integration of the database into the overall information technology improvement objectives and plans of the Administrator. 
‘‘(3) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The plan described 
in paragraph (1) shall include— 
‘‘(A) a detailed implementation schedule 
for the database; and 
‘‘(B) plans for a public awareness campaign 
conducted by the Administrator to increase awareness of the database. 
‘‘(c) D
ATE OF INITIAL AVAILABILITY .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date on which the Administrator submits the plan under subsection (b)(1), the Administrator shall es-
tablish the database. 
‘‘(d) S
UBMISSION OF INFORMATION ON ASBES-
TOS-CONTAINING PRODUCTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Beginning on the date 
that is 270 days after the date of enactment of this section, and not less frequently than annually thereafter, any person who manu-factured, processed, distributed, sold, im-ported, transported, or stored an asbestos- containing product in the immediately pre-ceding calendar year shall submit to the Ad-ministrator a written report, in a form to be determined by the Administrator, containing information sufficient to identify the char-acteristics and location of the asbestos-con-taining products. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report under para-
graph (1) shall include— 
‘‘(A) the type or class of asbestos-con-
taining product; 
‘‘(B) the manufacturer of the asbestos-con-
taining product; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10MR6.020 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1388 March 10, 2015 
‘‘(C) any applicable import history of the 
asbestos-containing product; 
‘‘(D) the name and street address of any lo-
cation accessible by the public in which the person has reasonable knowledge that the as-bestos-containing product has been present within the immediately preceding calendar year; and 
‘‘(E) any additional information the Ad-
ministrator determines is appropriate to en-able consumers and workers to avoid expo-sure to asbestos-containing products. 
‘‘(e) O
RGANIZATION OF DATABASE .—The Ad-
ministrator shall— 
‘‘(1) categorize the information available 
on the database— 
‘‘(A) in a manner consistent with the pub-
lic interest; and 
‘‘(B) in such manner as the Administrator 
determines will facilitate easy use by con-sumers; and 
‘‘(2) ensure, to the maximum extent prac-
ticable, that the database is sortable and ac-cessible by— 
‘‘(A) the date on which information is sub-
mitted for inclusion in the database; 
‘‘(B) the name of the asbestos-containing 
product; 
‘‘(C) the model name; ‘‘(D) the name of the manufacturer; ‘‘(E) the name of the importer, if applica-
ble; 
‘‘(F) the name of the reporting person; ‘‘(G) the name and street address of any lo-
cation in which an asbestos-containing prod-uct is reported to have been present; and 
‘‘(H) any other element the Administrator 
considers to be in the public interest. 
‘‘SEC. 6. PENALTIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Any person who know-
ingly manufactured, processed, distributed, sold, imported, transported, or stored an as-bestos-containing product in the imme-diately preceding calendar year and who did not submit a report to the Administrator under section 5 shall be liable for a civil pen-alty of $10,000 for each day after the deadline under section 5(d)(1) the report has not been submitted. 
‘‘(b) F
ALSE OR INACCURATE INFORMATION .— 
Any person who knowingly provides false or inaccurate information in a report under sec-tion 5 or who knowingly fails to provide in-
formation required in a report under section 5 shall be liable for a civil penalty of $10,000 for each violation of this paragraph.’’. 
SEC. 4. GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE 
REPORT. 
Not later than 2 years after the Adminis-
trator of the Environmental Protection Agency establishes the database of asbestos- containing products under section 5(a) of the Asbestos Information Act of 1988 (15 U.S.C. 2607 note; Public Law 100–577) (referred to in this section as the ‘‘database’’), the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that contains— 
(1) an analysis of the utility of the data-
base, including— 
(A) an assessment of the extent of use of 
the database by consumers, including— 
(i) whether the database is accessed by a 
broad range of the public; and 
(ii) whether consumers find the database to 
be useful; and 
(B) efforts by the Administrator to inform 
the public about the database; 
(2) recommendations for measures to in-
crease use of the database by consumers; and 
(3) recommendations for measures to fur-
ther reduce the harm caused by exposure to asbestos, including bans on the importation and use of asbestos-containing products. SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 99—CALLING 
ON THE GOVERNMENT OF IRAN TO FULFILL ITS PROMISES OF ASSISTANCE IN THE CASE OF ROBERT LEVINSON, THE LONG-EST HELD UNITED STATES CI-VILIAN IN OUR NATION’S HIS-TORY 
Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. 
R
UBIO) submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 99 
Whereas United States citizen Robert 
Levinson is a retired agent of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), a resident of Coral Springs, Florida, the husband of Chris-tine Levinson, and father of their seven chil-dren; 
Whereas Robert Levinson traveled from 
Dubai, United Arab Emirates, to Kish Island, Iran, on March 8, 2007; 
Whereas, after traveling to Kish Island and 
checking into the Hotel Maryam, Robert Levinson disappeared on March 9, 2007; 
Whereas, in December 2007, Robert 
Levinson’s wife, Christine, traveled to Kish Island to retrace Mr. Levinson’s steps and met with officials of the Government of Iran who pledged to help in the investigation; 
Whereas, for more than eight years, the 
United States Government has continually pressed the Government of Iran to provide any information on the whereabouts of Rob-ert Levinson and to help ensure his prompt and safe return to his family; 
Whereas officials of the Government of 
Iran promised their continued assistance to the relatives of Robert Levinson during the visit of the family to the Islamic Republic of Iran in December 2007; 
Whereas, in November 2010, the Levinson 
family received a video of Mr. Levinson in captivity, representing the first proof of life since his disappearance and providing some initial indications that he was being held somewhere in southwest Asia; 
Whereas, in April 2011, the Levinson family 
received a series of pictures of Mr. Levinson, which provided further indications that he was being held somewhere in southwest Asia; 
Whereas Secretary of State John Kerry 
stated on August 28, 2013, ‘‘The United States respectfully asks the Government of the Is-lamic Republic of Iran to work cooperatively with us in our efforts to help U.S. citizen Robert Levinson.’’; 
Whereas, on September 28, 2013, during the 
first direct phone conversation between the leaders of the United States and Iran since 1979, President Barack Obama raised the case of Robert Levinson to President of Iran Has-san Rouhani and urged the President of Iran to help locate Mr. Levinson and reunite him with his family; 
Whereas, on August 29, 2014, Secretary of 
State Kerry again stated that the United States ‘‘respectfully request the Government of the Islamic Republic of Iran work coop-eratively with us to find Mr. Levinson and bring him home’’; 
Whereas the United States Government is 
currently engaged in regular, direct negotia-tions with the Government of Iran over its 
nuclear program; 
Whereas March 9, 2015, marks the 2,922nd 
day since Mr. Levinson’s disappearance, and he is now the longest held United States ci-vilian in our Nation’s history; and 
Whereas the Federal Bureau of Investiga-
tion has announced a $5,000,000 reward for in-formation leading to Mr. Levinson’s safe re-turn: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) recognizes that Robert Levinson is the 
longest held United States civilian in our Nation’s history; 
(2) notes the pledges by current officials of 
the Government of Iran to provide their Gov-ernment’s assistance in the case of Robert Levinson; 
(3) urges the Government of Iran, as a hu-
manitarian gesture, to intensify its coopera-tion on the case of Robert Levinson and to immediately share the results of its inves-tigation into the disappearance of Robert Levinson with the United States Govern-ment; 
(4) urges the President and the allies of the 
United States to continue to raise with offi-cials of the Government of Iran the case of Robert Levinson at every opportunity, not-withstanding serious disagreements the United States Government has with the Gov-ernment of Iran on a broad array of issues, including human rights, the nuclear program of Iran, the Middle East peace process, re-gional stability, and international terrorism; and 
(5) expresses sympathy to the family of 
Robert Levinson for their anguish and ex-presses hope that their ordeal can be brought to an end in the near future. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 273. Mr. KIRK submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 274. Mr. VITTER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 275. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 276. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 277. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 278. Mr. CASSIDY (for himself and Mr. 
P
ETERS ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 279. Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself, Ms. 
H
EITKAMP , and Ms. A YOTTE ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 280. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. 
B
ROWN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 281. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mrs. 
G
ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 282. Ms. AYOTTE (for herself and Mr. 
D
ONNELLY ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 283. Mr. HELLER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 284. Mr. VITTER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MR6.022 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1389 March 10, 2015 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 273. Mr. KIRK submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, add the fol-
lowing: 
SECTION ll. SAVE ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Stop Advertising Victims of Exploitation Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘SAVE Act of 2015’’. 
(b) A
DVERTISING THAT OFFERS CERTAIN  
COMMERCIAL ACTS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 1591(a)(1) of title 
18, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by inserting ‘‘adver-tises,’’ after ‘‘obtains,’’. 
(2) M
ENS REA REQUIREMENT .—Section 
1591(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended in the undesignated matter fol-lowing paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, except where, in an offense under paragraph (2), the act constituting the violation of paragraph (1) is advertising,’’ after ‘‘knowing, or’’. 
(3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 
1591(b) of title 18, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘adver-
tised,’’ after ‘‘obtained,’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘adver-
tised,’’ after ‘‘obtained,’’. 
SA 274. Mr. VITTER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. l. CITIZENSHIP AT BIRTH FOR CERTAIN 
PERSONS BORN IN THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 301 of the Immi-
gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1401) is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’ before 
‘‘The following’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsections (a) 
through (h) as paragraphs (1) through (8), re-spectively, and indenting such paragraphs, as redesignated, an additional 2 ems to the right; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITION .—Acknowledging the right 
of birthright citizenship established by sec-tion 1 of the 14th Amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States, a person born 
in the United States shall be considered ‘sub-ject to the jurisdiction’ of the United States for purposes of subsection (a)(1) only if the person is born in the United States and at least 1 of the person’s parents is— 
‘‘(1) a citizen or national of the United 
States; 
‘‘(2) an alien lawfully admitted for perma-
nent residence in the United States whose residence is in the United States; or 
‘‘(3) an alien performing active service in 
the armed forces (as defined in section 101 of title 10, United States Code).’’. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendment made 
by subsection (a)(3) may not be construed to affect the citizenship or nationality status of any person born before the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SA 275. Mr. INHOFE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: At the end of the bill, add the following: 
TITLE II—SAFE COMMUNITIES 
SEC. 21. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Keep Our 
Communities Safe Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 22. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) Constitutional rights should be upheld 
and protected; 
(2) Congress intends to uphold the Con-
stitutional principle of due process; and 
(3) due process of the law is a right af-
forded to everyone in the United States. 
SEC. 23. DETENTION OF DANGEROUS ALIENS 
DURING REMOVAL PROCEEDINGS. 
Section 236 of the Immigration and Nation-
ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each 
place such term appears (except in the sec-ond place it appears in subsection (a)) and in-serting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; 
(2) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by inserting ‘‘the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity or’’ before ‘‘the Attorney General—’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘condi-
tional parole’’ and inserting ‘‘recognizance’’; 
(3) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘P
AROLE ’’ and inserting ‘‘R ECOGNIZANCE ’’; 
and 
(B) by striking ‘‘parole’’ and inserting ‘‘re-
cognizance’’; 
(4) in subsection (c)(1), by striking the un-
designated matter following subparagraph (D) and inserting the following: 
‘‘any time after the alien is released, with-
out regard to whether an alien is released re-lated to any activity, offense, or conviction described in this paragraph; to whether the alien is released on parole, supervised re-lease, or probation; or to whether the alien may be arrested or imprisoned again for the same offense. If the activity described in this paragraph does not result in the alien being taken into custody by any person other than the Secretary, then when the alien is brought to the attention of the Secretary or when the Secretary determines it is prac-tical to take such alien into custody, the Secretary shall take such alien into cus-tody.’’; 
(5) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘Attorney 
General’s’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’s’’; and 
(6) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) L
ENGTH OF DETENTION .— 
‘‘(1) Notwithstanding any other provision 
of this section, an alien may be detained under this section for any period, without limitation, except as provided in subsection (i), until the alien is subject to a final order of removal. 
‘‘(2) The length of detention under this sec-
tion shall not affect a detention under sec-tion 241. 
‘‘(h) A
DMINISTRATIVE REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) L IMITATION .—The Attorney General’s 
review of the Secretary’s custody determina-tions under subsection (a) shall be limited to whether the alien may be detained, released on bond (of at least $1,500 with security ap-proved by the Secretary), or released with no bond. Any review involving an alien de-scribed in paragraph (2)(D) shall be limited to a determination of whether the alien is properly included in such category. 
‘‘(2) C
LASSES OF ALIENS .—The Attorney 
General shall review the Secretary’s custody determinations for the following classes of aliens: 
‘‘(A) Aliens in exclusion proceedings. ‘‘(B) Aliens described in sections 212(a)(3) 
and 237(a)(4). 
‘‘(C) Aliens described in subsection (c). ‘‘(D) Aliens in deportation proceedings sub-
ject to section 242(a)(2) (as in effect between April 24, 1996 and April 1, 1997). 
‘‘(i) R
ELEASE ON BOND.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An alien detained under 
subsection (a) may seek release on bond. No bond may be granted except to an alien who establishes by clear and convincing evidence that the alien is not a flight risk or a risk to another person or the community. 
‘‘(2) C
ERTAIN ALIENS INELIGIBLE .—No alien 
detained under subsection (c) may seek re-lease on bond.’’. 
SEC. 24. ALIENS ORDERED REMOVED. 
Section 241(a) of the Immigration and Na-
tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(a)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each 
place it appears, except for the first place it appears in paragraph (4)(B)(i), and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1)— (A) by amending subparagraphs (B) and (C) 
to read as follows: 
‘‘(B) B
EGINNING OF PERIOD .—The removal 
period begins on the latest of— 
‘‘(i) the date on which the order of removal 
becomes administratively final; 
‘‘(ii) the date on which the alien is taken 
into such custody if the alien is not in the custody of the Secretary on the date on which the order of removal becomes adminis-tratively final; and 
‘‘(iii) the date on which the alien is taken 
into the custody of the Secretary after the alien is released from detention or confine-ment if the alien is detained or confined (ex-cept for an immigration process) on the date on which the order of removal becomes ad-ministratively final. 
‘‘(C) S
USPENSION OF PERIOD .— 
‘‘(i) E XTENSION .—The removal period shall 
be extended beyond a period of 90 days and the Secretary may, in the Secretary’s sole discretion, keep the alien in detention dur-ing such extended period, if— 
‘‘(I) the alien fails or refuses to make all 
reasonable efforts to comply with the re-moval order, or to fully cooperate with the Secretary’s efforts to establish the alien’s identity and carry out the removal order, in-cluding making timely application in good faith for travel or other documents nec-essary to the alien’s departure or conspires or acts to prevent the alien’s removal that is subject to an order of removal; 
‘‘(II) a court, the Board of Immigration Ap-
peals, or an immigration judge orders a stay of removal of an alien who is subject to an administratively final order of removal; 
‘‘(III) the Secretary transfers custody of 
the alien pursuant to law to another Federal agency or a State or local government agen-cy in connection with the official duties of such agency; or 
‘‘(IV) a court or the Board of Immigration 
Appeals orders a remand to an immigration judge or the Board of Immigration Appeals, during the time period when the case is pending a decision on remand (with the re-moval period beginning anew on the date that the alien is ordered removed on re-mand). 
‘‘(ii) R
ENEWAL .—If the removal period has 
been extended under clause (i), a new re-moval period shall be deemed to have begun on the date on which— 
‘‘(I) the alien makes all reasonable efforts 
to comply with the removal order, or to fully cooperate with the Secretary’s efforts to es-tablish the alien’s identity and carry out the removal order; 
‘‘(II) the stay of removal is no longer in ef-
fect; or 
‘‘(III) the alien is returned to the custody 
of the Secretary. 
‘‘(iii) M
ANDATORY DETENTION FOR CERTAIN  
ALIENS .—The Secretary shall keep an alien 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MR6.024 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1390 March 10, 2015 
described in subparagraphs (A) through (D) 
of section 236(c)(1) in detention during the extended period described in clause (i). 
‘‘(iv) S
OLE FORM OF RELIEF .—An alien may 
only seek relief from detention under this subparagraph by filing an application for a writ of habeas corpus in accordance with chapter 153 of title 28, United States Code. No alien whose period of detention is ex-tended under this subparagraph shall have the right to seek release on bond.’’; 
(3) in paragraph (3)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by inserting ‘‘or is not detained pursu-ant to paragraph (6)’’ after ‘‘the removal pe-riod’’; and 
(B) by amending subparagraph (D) to read 
as follows: 
‘‘(D) to obey reasonable restrictions on the 
alien’s conduct or activities that the Sec-retary prescribes for the alien— 
‘‘(i) to prevent the alien from absconding; ‘‘(ii) for the protection of the community; 
or 
‘‘(iii) for other purposes related to the en-
forcement of Federal immigration laws.’’; 
(4) in paragraph (4)(A), by striking ‘‘para-
graph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’; and 
(5) by amending paragraph (6) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(6) A
DDITIONAL RULES FOR DETENTION OR  
RELEASE OF CERTAIN ALIENS .— 
‘‘(A) D ETENTION REVIEW PROCESS FOR COOP -
ERATIVE ALIENS ESTABLISHED .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish an administrative review process to determine whether an alien who is not other-wise subject to mandatory detention, who has made all reasonable efforts to comply with a removal order and to cooperate fully with the Secretary of Homeland Security’s efforts to establish the alien’s identity and carry out the removal order, including mak-ing timely application in good faith for trav-el or other documents necessary to the alien’s departure, and who has not conspired or acted to prevent removal should be de-tained or released on conditions. 
‘‘(ii) D
ETERMINATION .—The Secretary shall 
make a determination whether to release an alien after the removal period in accordance with subparagraph (B), which— 
‘‘(I) shall include consideration of any evi-
dence submitted by the alien; and 
‘‘(II) may include consideration of any 
other evidence, including— 
‘‘(aa) any information or assistance pro-
vided by the Secretary of State or other Fed-eral official; and 
‘‘(bb) any other information available to 
the Secretary of Homeland Security per-taining to the ability to remove the alien. 
‘‘(B) A
UTHORITY TO DETAIN BEYOND RE -
MOVAL PERIOD .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-
land Security may continue to detain an alien for 90 days beyond the removal period (including any extension of the removal pe-riod under paragraph (1)(C)). An alien whose detention is extended under this subpara-graph shall not have the right to seek re-lease on bond. 
‘‘(ii) S
PECIFIC CIRCUMSTANCES .—The Sec-
retary of Homeland Security may continue to detain an alien beyond the 90 days author-ized under clause (i)— 
‘‘(I) until the alien is removed, if the Sec-
retary determines that there is a significant likelihood that the alien— 
‘‘(aa) will be removed in the reasonably 
foreseeable future; 
‘‘(bb) would be removed in the reasonably 
foreseeable future; or 
‘‘(cc) would have been removed if the alien 
had not— ‘‘(AA) failed or refused to make all reason-
able efforts to comply with the removal order; 
‘‘(BB) failed or refused to cooperate fully 
with the Secretary’s efforts to establish the alien’s identity and carry out the removal order, including making timely application in good faith for travel or other documents necessary to the alien’s departure; or 
‘‘(CC) conspired or acted to prevent re-
moval; 
‘‘(II) until the alien is removed, if the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security certifies in writing— 
‘‘(aa) in consultation with the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services, that the alien has a highly contagious disease that poses a threat to public safety; 
‘‘(bb) after receipt of a written rec-
ommendation from the Secretary of State, that release of the alien is likely to have se-rious adverse foreign policy consequences for the United States; 
‘‘(cc) based on information available to the 
Secretary of Homeland Security (including classified, sensitive, or national security in-formation, and without regard to the grounds upon which the alien was ordered re-moved), that there is reason to believe that the release of the alien would threaten the national security of the United States; or 
‘‘(dd) that the release of the alien will 
threaten the safety of the community or any person, conditions of release cannot reason-ably be expected to ensure the safety of the community or of any person; and 
‘‘(AA) the alien has been convicted of 1 or 
more aggravated felonies (as defined in sec-tion 101(a)(43)(A)) or of 1 or more crimes identified by the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity by regulation, or of 1 or more at-tempts or conspiracies to commit any such aggravated felonies or such identified crimes, if the aggregate term of imprison-ment for such attempts or conspiracies is at least 5 years; or 
‘‘(BB) the alien has committed 1 or more 
crimes of violence (as defined in section 16 of title 18, United States Code, but not includ-ing a purely political offense) and, because of a mental condition or personality disorder and behavior associated with that condition or disorder, the alien is likely to engage in acts of violence in the future; or 
‘‘(III) pending a certification under sub-
clause (II), if the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity has initiated the administrative re-view process not later than 30 days after the expiration of the removal period (including any extension of the removal period under paragraph (1)(C)). 
‘‘(iii) N
O RIGHT TO BOND HEARING .—An alien 
whose detention is extended under this sub-paragraph shall not have a right to seek re-lease on bond, including by reason of a cer-tification under clause (ii)(II). 
‘‘(C) R
ENEWAL AND DELEGATION OF CERTIFI -
CATION .— 
‘‘(i) R ENEWAL .—The Secretary of Homeland 
Security may renew a certification under subparagraph (B)(ii)(II) every 6 months after providing an opportunity for the alien to re-quest reconsideration of the certification and to submit documents or other evidence in support of that request. If the Secretary does not renew a certification, the Secretary may not continue to detain the alien under subparagraph (B)(ii)(II). 
‘‘(ii) D
ELEGATION .—Notwithstanding sec-
tion 103, the Secretary of Homeland Security may not delegate the authority to make or renew a certification described in item (bb), (cc), or (dd) of subparagraph (B)(ii)(II) below the level of the Assistant Secretary for Im-migration and Customs Enforcement. 
‘‘(iii) H
EARING .—The Secretary of Home-
land Security may request that the Attorney General or the Attorney General’s designee provide for a hearing to make the determina-
tion described in subparagraph (B)(ii)(II)(dd)(BB). 
‘‘(D) R
ELEASE ON CONDITIONS .—If it is deter-
mined that an alien should be released from detention by a Federal court, the Board of Immigration Appeals, or if an immigration judge orders a stay of removal, the Secretary of Homeland Security may impose condi-tions on release as provided under paragraph (3). 
‘‘(E) R
EDETENTION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-
land Security, without any limitations other than those specified in this section, may de-tain any alien subject to a final removal order who is released from custody if— 
‘‘(I) removal becomes likely in the reason-
ably foreseeable future; 
‘‘(II) the alien fails to comply with the con-
ditions of release or to continue to satisfy the conditions described in subparagraph (A); or 
‘‘(III) upon reconsideration, the Secretary 
determines that the alien can be detained under subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(ii) A
PPLICABILITY .—This section shall 
apply to any alien returned to custody pur-suant to this subparagraph as if the removal period terminated on the day of the redeten-tion. 
‘‘(F) R
EVIEW OF DETERMINATIONS BY SEC -
RETARY .—A determination by the Secretary 
under this paragraph shall not be subject to review by any other agency.’’. 
SEC. 25. SEVERABILITY. 
If any of the provisions of this title, any 
amendment made by this title, or the appli-cation of any such provision to any person or circumstance, is held to be invalid for any reason, the remainder of this title, the amendments made by this title, and the ap-plication of the provisions and amendments made by this title to any other person or cir-cumstance shall not be affected by such holding. 
SEC. 26. EFFECTIVE DATES. 
(a) A PPREHENSION AND DETENTION OF  
ALIENS .—The amendments made by section 
23 shall take effect on the date of the enact-ment of this Act. Section 236 of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act, as amended by sec-tion 23, shall apply to any alien in detention under the provisions of such section on or after such date of enactment. 
(b) A
LIENS ORDERED REMOVED .—The 
amendments made by section 24 shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. Section 241 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act, as amended by section 24, shall apply to— 
(1) all aliens subject to a final administra-
tive removal, deportation, or exclusion order that was issued before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and 
(2) acts and conditions occurring or exist-
ing before, on, or after such date of enact-ment. 
SA 276. Mr. INHOFE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which 
was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. TREATMENT OF UNACCOMPANIED 
ALIEN CHILDREN. 
Section 235(a) of the William Wilberforce 
Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2008 (8 U.S.C. 1232(a)) is amend-ed— 
(1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking the paragraph heading and 
inserting ‘‘S
PECIAL RULES FOR UNACCOM -
PANIED ALIEN CHILDREN .—’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MR6.026 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1391 March 10, 2015 
(B) in subparagraph (A), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘who is a na-tional or habitual resident of a country that is contiguous with the United States’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (C)— (i) by striking the subparagraph heading 
and inserting ‘‘A
GREEMENTS WITH FOREIGN  
COUNTRIES .’’; and 
(ii) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘contiguous to the United States’’ and inserting ‘‘contiguous to the United States, Belize, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Gua-temala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Panama, and other any foreign country that the Secretary determines appropriate’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (5)(D), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘, except for an unaccompanied alien child from a contig-uous country subject to the exceptions under subsection (a)(2),’’ and inserting ‘‘who does not meet the criteria listed in paragraph (2)(A)’’. 
SA 277. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE ll—HUMAN TRAFFICKING SURVIVORS 
RELIEF AND EMPOWERMENT ACT 
SECTION l01. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Human 
Trafficking Survivors Relief and Empower-ment Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. l02. PROTECTIONS FOR HUMAN TRAF-
FICKING SURVIVORS. 
Section 1701(c) of title I of the Omnibus 
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 
(42 U.S.C. 3796dd(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘where feasible’’ and all that follows, and in-serting the following: ‘‘where feasible, to an application— 
‘‘(1) for hiring and rehiring additional ca-
reer law enforcement officers that involves a non-Federal contribution exceeding the 25 percent minimum under subsection (g); or 
‘‘(2) from an applicant in a State that has 
in effect a law— 
‘‘(A) that— ‘‘(i) provides a process by which an indi-
vidual who is human trafficking survivor can move to vacate any arrest or conviction records for prostitution or any other non- violent offense committed as a direct result of human trafficking; 
‘‘(ii) establishes a rebuttable presumption 
that any arrest or conviction of an indi-vidual for an offense associated with human trafficking is a result of being trafficked, if the individual— 
‘‘(I) is a person granted nonimmigrant sta-
tus pursuant to section 101(a)(15)(T)(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(T)(i)); 
‘‘(II) is the subject of a certification by the 
Secretary of Health and Human Services under section 107(b)(1)(E) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(b)(1)(E)); or 
‘‘(III) has other similar documentation of 
trafficking, which has been issued by a Fed-eral agency; and 
‘‘(iii) protects the identity of individuals 
who are human trafficking survivors in pub-lic and court records; and 
‘‘(B) that does not require an individual 
who is a human trafficking survivor to pro-vide official documentation as described in subclause (I), (II), or (III) of subparagraph (A)(ii) in order to receive protection under the law.’’. 
SA 278. Mr. CASSIDY (for himself 
and Mr. P ETERS ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for 
the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
TITLE ll—TRAFFICKING AWARENESS TRAINING 
FOR HEALTH CARE 
SEC. ll01. TRAFFICKING AWARENESS TRAINING 
FOR HEALTH CARE. 
(a) D EVELOPMENT OF BESTPRACTICES .— 
(1) G RANT FOR DEVELOPMENT OF BEST PRAC -
TICES .—Not later than 1 year after the date 
of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Director of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality and in consultation with the Administrator of the Health Re-sources and Services Administration, shall award, on a competitive basis, a grant to an eligible school under which such school will— 
(A) not later than 6 months after receipt of 
the award, develop best practices for health care professionals— 
(i) to recognize victims of a severe form of 
trafficking; and 
(ii) to respond appropriately to such indi-
viduals; 
(B) in developing best practices under sub-
paragraph (A), survey, analyze, and evaluate, in consultation with law enforcement per-sonnel, social service providers, and other experts in the field of human trafficking, ex-isting best practices that foster the practice of interprofessional collaboration, including those used by industries other than the health care industry, to determine the ex-tent to which such existing best practices may be adapted for use as part of the best practices under subparagraph (A); 
(C) develop curricula, training modules, or 
materials to train health care professionals on the best practices developed under sub-paragraph (A); 
(D) not later than 12 months after the re-
ceipt of the award, make a subgrant to one entity located near an established anti- human trafficking task force initiative in each of the 10 administrative regions of the Department of Health and Human Services— 
(i) to design, implement, and evaluate a 
pilot program using the best practices devel-oped under subparagraph (A) and the cur-ricula, training modules, or materials devel-oped under subparagraph (C); 
(ii) to conduct the pilot program at one or 
more eligible sites within the respective re-gion, which may include an eligible site that is a school-based health center; and 
(iii) to complete the implementation and 
evaluation of such pilot program within a pe-riod of 6 months; 
(E) not later than 24 months after the re-
ceipt of the award, analyze the results of the pilot programs conducted through subgrants under subparagraph (D), including ana-lyzing— 
(i) changes in the skills, knowledge, and 
attitude of health care professionals result-ing from the implementation of the pro-
grams; 
(ii) the number of victims of a severe form 
of trafficking who are recognized under the programs; 
(iii) of those recognized, the number who 
received information or referrals for services offered through the programs; and 
(iv) of those who received such information 
or referrals— 
(I) the number who participated in fol-
lowup services; and 
(II) the type of followup services received; (F) determine, using the results of the 
analysis under subparagraph (E), the extent to which the best practices developed under subparagraph (A) are evidence-based; and 
(G) submit a comprehensive assessment of 
the pilot programs conducted through sub-grants under subparagraph (D) to the Sec-
retary of Health and Human Services, in-cluding an identification of— 
(i) the best practices that are determined 
pursuant to subparagraph (F) to be evidence- based; and 
(ii) the best practices that are determined 
pursuant to such paragraph to require fur-ther review in order to determine whether they are evidence-based. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The best practices devel-
oped through the grant awarded under para-graph (1)— 
(A) shall address— (i) risk factors and indicators to recognize 
victims of a severe form of trafficking; 
(ii) application of Federal and State law, 
including reporting requirements, with re-spect to victims of a severe form of traf-ficking; 
(iii) patient safety and security, including 
the requirements of HIPAA privacy and se-curity law as applied to victims of a severe form of trafficking; 
(iv) the management of medical records of 
patients who are victims of a severe form of trafficking; 
(v) public and private social services avail-
able for rescue, food, clothing, and shelter referrals; 
(vi) the hotlines for reporting human traf-
ficking maintained by the National Human Trafficking Resource Center and the Depart-ment of Homeland Security; 
(vii) validated assessment tools for the 
identification of victims of a severe form of trafficking; and 
(viii) referral options and procedures for 
sharing information on human trafficking with a patient and making referrals for legal and social service assistance related to human trafficking when indicated and appro-priate; and 
(B) shall not address patient medical treat-
ment. 
(3) D
ISSEMINATION .—Not later than 24 
months after the award of a grant to a school under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Ad-ministrator of the Agency for Healthcare Re-search and Quality, shall— 
(A) post on the public website of the De-
partment of Health and Human Services the best practices that are identified by the school under clauses (i) and (ii) of paragraph (1)(G); and 
(B) disseminate to health care profession 
schools the best practices identified by the school under paragraph (1)(G)(i) and evalua-tion results. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘eligible site’’ means a health 
center that is receiving assistance under sec-tion 330, 399Z–1, or 1001 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254b, 300). 
(2) The term ‘‘eligible school’’ means an 
accredited school of medicine or nursing with experience in the study or treatment of victims of a severe form of trafficking. 
(3) The term ‘‘health care professional’’ 
means a person employed by a health care provider who provides to patients informa-tion (including information not related to medical treatment), scheduling, services, or referrals. 
(4) The term ‘‘HIPAA privacy and security 
law’’ has the meaning given to such term in section 3009 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300jj–19). 
(5) The term ‘‘victim of a severe form of 
trafficking’’ has the meaning given to such term in section 103 of the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
(c) N
OADDITIONAL AUTHORIZATION OF AP-
PROPRIATIONS .—No additional funds are au-
thorized to be appropriated to carry out this section, and this section shall be carried out 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MR6.029 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1392 March 10, 2015 
using amounts otherwise available for such 
purpose. 
SA 279. Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself, 
Ms. H EITKAMP , and Ms. A YOTTE ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of traf-ficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
SEC. lll . TRANSPORTATION FOR ILLEGAL SEX-
UAL ACTIVITY AND RELATED CRIMES. 
Chapter 117 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended by striking section 2421 and in-serting the following: 
‘‘§ 2421. Transportation generally 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Whoever knowingly 
transports any individual in interstate or foreign commerce, or in any Territory or Possession of the United States, with intent that such individual engage in prostitution, or in any sexual activity for which any per-son can be charged with a criminal offense, or attempts to do so, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both. 
‘‘(b) R
EQUESTS TO PROSECUTE VIOLATIONS  
BYSTATE ATTORNEYS GENERAL .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Attorney General 
shall grant a request by a State attorney general that a State or local attorney be cross designated to prosecute a violation of this section unless the Attorney General de-termines that granting the request would undermine the administration of justice. 
‘‘(2) R
EASON FOR DENIAL .—If the Attorney 
General denies a request under paragraph (1), the Attorney General shall submit to the State attorney general a detailed reason for the denial not later than 60 days after the date on which a request is received.’’. 
SA 280. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and 
Mr. B ROWN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
TITLE IV—PREVENTING DEMAND FOR 
CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING 
SEC. 401. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Inter-
national Megan’s Law to Prevent Demand for Child Sex Trafficking’’. 
SEC. 402. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Megan Nicole Kanka, who was 7 years 
old, was abducted, sexually assaulted, and murdered in 1994, in the State of New Jersey by a violent predator living across the street from her home. Unbeknownst to Megan Kanka and her family, her attacker had been convicted previously of a sex offense against a child. 
(2) In 1996, Congress adopted Megan’s Law 
(Public Law 104–145) as a means to encourage States to protect children by identifying the whereabouts of sex offenders and providing the means to monitor their activities. 
(3) In 2006, Congress passed the Adam 
Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–248) to protect children and the public at large by establishing a comprehensive national system for the reg-istration and notification to the public and law enforcement officers of convicted sex of-fenders. 
(4) Law enforcement reports indicate that 
known child-sex offenders are traveling internationally, and that the criminal back-ground of such individuals may not be known to local law enforcement prior to 
their arrival. 
(5) The commercial sexual exploitation of 
minors in child sex trafficking and pornog-raphy is a global phenomenon. The Inter-national Labour Organization has estimated that 1,800,000 children worldwide are victims of child sex trafficking and pornography each year. 
(6) Child sex tourism, where an individual 
travels to a foreign country and engages in sexual activity with a child in that country, is a form of child exploitation and, where commercial, child sex trafficking. 
(7) According to research conducted by The 
Protection Project of The Johns Hopkins University Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies, sex tourists from the United States who target children form a significant percentage of child sex tourists in some of the most significant destination countries for child sex tourism. 
(8) In order to protect children, it is essen-
tial that United States law enforcement be able to identify child-sex offenders in the United States who are traveling abroad and child-sex offenders from other countries en-tering the United States. Such identification requires cooperative efforts between the United States and foreign governments. In exchange for providing notice of child-sex of-fenders traveling to the United States, for-eign authorities will expect United States authorities to provide reciprocal notice of child-sex offenders traveling to their coun-tries. 
SEC. 403. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) C
ENTER .—The term ‘‘Center’’ means the 
Angel Watch Center established pursuant to section 404(a). 
(2) C
HILD-SEX OFFENDER .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘child-sex of-
fender’’ means an individual who is a sex of-fender described in paragraph (3) or (4) of section 111 of the Adam Walsh Child Protec-tion and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16911) by reason of being convicted of a child-sex offense. 
(B) D
EFINITION OF CONVICTED .—In this para-
graph, the term ‘‘convicted’’ has the mean-ing given the term in paragraph (8) of section 111 of such Act. 
(3) C
HILD-SEX OFFENSE .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘child-sex of-
fense’’ means a specified offense against a minor, as defined in paragraph (7) of section 111 of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16911), includ-ing— 
(i) an offense (unless committed by a par-
ent or guardian) involving kidnapping; 
(ii) an offense (unless committed by a par-
ent or guardian) involving false imprison-ment; 
(iii) solicitation to engage in sexual con-
duct; 
(iv) use in a sexual performance; (v) solicitation to practice prostitution; (vi) video voyeurism as described in sec-
tion 1801 of title 18, United States Code; 
(vii) possession, production, or distribution 
of child pornography; 
(viii) criminal sexual conduct involving a 
minor, or the use of the Internet to facilitate or attempt such conduct; and 
(ix) any conduct that by its nature is a sex 
offense against a minor. 
(B) O
THER OFFENSES .—The term ‘‘child-sex 
offense’’ includes a sex offense described in paragraph (5)(A) of section 111 of such Act that is a specified offense against a minor, as defined in paragraph (7) of such section. 
(C) F
OREIGN CONVICTIONS ; OFFENSES INVOLV -
ING CONSENSUAL SEXUAL CONDUCT .—The limi-
tations contained in subparagraphs (B) and (C) of section 111(5) of such Act shall apply with respect to a child-sex offense for pur-
poses of this title to the same extent and in the same manner as such limitations apply with respect to a sex offense for purposes of such Act. 
(4) J
URISDICTION .—The term ‘‘jurisdiction’’ 
means any of the following: 
(A) A State. (B) The District of Columbia. (C) The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. (D) Guam. (E) American Samoa. (F) The Northern Mariana Islands. (G) The United States Virgin Islands. (H) To the extent provided in, and subject 
to the requirements of, section 127 of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16927), a federally recog-nized Indian tribe. 
(5) M
INOR.—The term ‘‘minor’’ means an 
individual who has not attained 18 years of age. 
SEC. 404. ANGEL WATCH CENTER. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall es-tablish, within the Child Exploitation Inves-tigations Unit of U.S. Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement (referred to in this sec-tion as ‘‘ICE’’), a Center, to be known as the ‘‘Angel Watch Center’’, to carry out the ac-tivities specified in subsection (d). 
(b) L
EADERSHIP .—The Center shall be head-
ed by the Director of ICE, in collaboration with the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection (referred to in this section as ‘‘CBP’’) and in consultation with the At-torney General. 
(c) M
EMBERS .—The Center shall consist 
of— 
(1) the Director of ICE; (2) the Commissioner of CBP; (3) individuals who are designated as ana-
lysts in ICE or CBP; and 
(4) individuals who are designated as pro-
gram managers in ICE or CBP. 
(d) A
CTIVITIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Center shall— 
(A) receive information on travel by child- 
sex offenders; 
(B) establish a system to maintain and ar-
chive all relevant information, including the response of destination countries to notifica-tions under subsection (e), to the extent available, and decisions not to transmit noti-fication abroad; and 
(C) establish an annual review process to 
ensure that the Center is consistent in proce-dures to provide notification to destination countries or not to provide notification to destination countries, as appropriate. 
(2) I
NFORMATION REQUIRED .—The United 
States Marshals Service’s National Sex Of-fender Targeting Office shall make available to the Center information on travel by child- sex offenders in a timely manner for pur-poses of carrying out the activities described in paragraph (1) and subsection (e). 
(e) N
OTIFICATION .— 
(1) T O COUNTRIES OF DESTINATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Center may transmit 
notice of impending or current international travel of a child-sex offender to the country or countries of destination of the child-sex offender, including to the visa-issuing agent or agents in the United States of the country or countries. 
(B) F
ORM.—The notice under this para-
graph may be transmitted through such means as determined appropriate by the Cen-ter, including through an ICE attache ´. 
(2) T
O OFFENDERS .— 
(A) G ENERAL NOTIFICATION .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—If the Center transmits 
notice under paragraph (1) of impending international travel of a child-sex offender to the country or countries of destination of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MR6.029 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1393 March 10, 2015 
the child-sex offender, the Secretary of 
Homeland Security, in conjunction with any appropriate agency, shall make reasonable efforts to provide constructive notice through electronic or telephonic commu-nication to the child-sex offender prior to the child-sex offender’s arrival in the coun-try or countries. 
(ii) E
XCEPTION .—The requirement to pro-
vide constructive notice under clause (i) shall not apply in the case of impending international travel of a child-sex offender to the country or countries of destination of the child-sex offender if such constructive notice would conflict with an existing inves-tigation involving the child-sex offender. 
(B) S
PECIFIC NOTIFICATION REGARDING RISK  
TO LIFE OR WELL -BEING OF OFFENDER .—If the 
Center has reason to believe that to transmit notice under paragraph (1) poses a risk to the life or well-being of the child-sex offender, the Center shall make reasonable efforts to provide constructive notice through elec-tronic or telephonic communication to the child-sex offender of such risk. 
(C) S
PECIFIC NOTIFICATION REGARDING PROB -
ABLE DENIAL OF ENTRY TO OFFENDER .—If the 
Center has reason to believe that a country of destination of the child-sex offender is highly likely to deny entry to the child-sex offender due to transmission of notice under paragraph (1), the Center shall make reason-able efforts to provide constructive notice through electronic or telephonic commu-nication to the child-sex offender of such probable denial. 
(3) S
UNSET .—The authority of paragraph (1) 
shall terminate with respect to a child-sex offender beginning as of the close of the last day of the registration period of such child- sex offender under section 115 of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16915). 
(f) C
OMPLAINT REVIEW .—The Center shall 
establish a mechanism to receive complaints from child-sex offenders affected by notifica-tions of destination countries of such child- sex offenders under subsection (e). 
(g) C
ONSULTATIONS .—The Center shall seek 
to engage in ongoing consultations with— 
(1) nongovernmental organizations, includ-
ing faith-based organizations, that have ex-perience and expertise in identifying and preventing child sex tourism and rescuing and rehabilitating minor victims of inter-national sexual exploitation and trafficking; 
(2) the governments of countries interested 
in cooperating in the creation of an inter-national sex offender travel notification sys-tem or that are primary destination or source countries for international sex tour-ism; and 
(3) Internet service and software providers 
regarding available and potential technology to facilitate the implementation of an inter-national sex offender travel notification sys-tem, both in the United States and in other countries. 
(h) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary 
of Homeland Security and the Secretary of State may provide technical assistance to foreign authorities in order to enable such authorities to participate more effectively in the notification program system established under this section. 
SEC. 405. SENSE OF CONGRESS PROVISIONS. 
(a) B ILATERAL AGREEMENTS .—It is the 
sense of Congress that the President should negotiate memoranda of understanding or other bilateral agreements with foreign gov-ernments to further the purposes of this title and the amendments made by this title, in-cluding— 
(1) by establishing systems to receive and 
transmit notices required under title I of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16901 et seq.); and (2) by establishing mechanisms for private 
companies and nongovernmental organiza-tions to report on a voluntary basis sus-pected child pornography or exploitation to foreign governments, the nearest United States embassy in cases in which a possible United States citizen may be involved, or other appropriate entities. 
(b) N
OTIFICATION TO THE UNITED STATES OF  
CHILD-SEXOFFENSES COMMITTED ABROAD .—It 
is the sense of Congress that the President should formally request foreign governments to notify the United States when a United States citizen has been arrested, convicted, sentenced, or completed a prison sentence for a child-sex offense in the foreign country. 
SEC. 406. ENHANCING THE MINIMUM STANDARDS 
FOR THE ELIMINATION OF TRAF-FICKING. 
Section 108(b)(4) of the Trafficking Victims 
Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7106(b)(4)) is amended by adding at the end before the pe-riod the following: ‘‘, including severe forms of trafficking in persons related to sex tour-ism’’. 
SEC. 407. ASSISTANCE TO FOREIGN COUNTRIES 
TO MEET MINIMUM STANDARDS FOR THE ELIMINATION OF TRAFFICKING. 
The President is strongly encouraged to 
exercise the authorities of section 134 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2152d) to provide assistance to foreign coun-tries directly, or through nongovernmental and multilateral organizations, for pro-grams, projects, and activities, including training of law enforcement entities and offi-cials, designed to establish systems to iden-tify sex offenders and provide and receive no-tification of child sex offender international travel. 
SEC. 408. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. 
(a) D EPARTMENT OF JUSTICE .—Nothing in 
this title may be construed to preclude or alter the jurisdiction or authority of the De-partment of Justice under the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16901 et seq.), including section 113(d) of such Act, or any other provision of law, or to affect the work of the United States Mar-shals Service with INTERPOL. 
(b) A
NGEL WATCH CENTER .—Nothing in this 
title may be construed to preclude the Angel Watch Center from transmitting notice with respect to any sex offender described in para-graph (3) or (4) of section 111 of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16911) or with respect to any sex offense described in paragraph (5) of such section. 
(c) D
EPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY IN-
VESTIGATIONS .—Activities carried out under 
this title shall not impede, hinder, or other-wise impact negatively any investigations of the Department of Homeland Security. 
SA 281. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and 
Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II, add the following: 
Subtitle D—Strengthening Child Welfare 
Response to Trafficking 
SECTION 231. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the 
‘‘Strengthening Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 232. CAPTA AMENDMENTS. 
Section 106 of the Child Abuse Prevention 
and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5106a) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2)(B)— (i) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause 
(xxii); and (ii) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(xxiv) provisions and procedures to iden-
tify and assess reports involving children who are sex trafficking victims or labor traf-ficking victims; 
‘‘(xxv) provisions and procedures for train-
ing representatives of the State child protec-tive services systems about identifying and assessing children who are sex trafficking victims or labor trafficking victims; and 
‘‘(xxvi) provisions and procedures for iden-
tifying services (including the services pro-vided by State law enforcement officials, the State juvenile justice system, and social service agencies, such as runaway and home-less youth shelters) and procedures for ap-propriate referral to address the needs of children who are sex trafficking victims or labor trafficking victims;’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)(D)— (i) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause 
(v); 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause 
(vi); and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vii) the provisions and procedures de-
scribed in clauses (xxiv) and (xxvi) of sub-paragraph (B);’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (4)— (i) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subpara-
graph (A); 
(ii) by striking the period at the end of 
subparagraph (B) and inserting a semicolon; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) the term ‘sex trafficking victim’ 
means a victim of— 
‘‘(i) sex trafficking (as defined in section 
103(10) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(10))); or 
‘‘(ii) a severe form of trafficking in persons 
described in section 103(9)(A) of such Act (22 U.S.C. 7102(9)(A)); and 
‘‘(D) the term ‘labor trafficking victim’ 
means a victim of a severe form of traf-ficking in persons described in section 103(9)(B) of the Trafficking Victims Protec-tion Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9)(B)).’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(17) The number of children identified 
under clause (xxiv) of subsection (b)(2)(B), and of such children, the number identified as sex trafficking victims (as defined in sub-section (b)(4)(C)) and the number identified as labor trafficking victims (as defined in subsection (b)(4)(D)).’’. 
SEC. 233. REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pension of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives, a report that— 
(1) describes the specific type and preva-
lence of any severe form of trafficking in persons to which children who are identified for services or intervention under the place-ment, care, or supervision of State, Indian tribe, or tribal organization child welfare agencies have been subjected as of the date of enactment of this Act; 
(2) summarizes the practices and protocols 
utilized by States to identify and serve— 
(A) under section 106(b)(2)(B) of the Child 
Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5106a(b)(2)(B)), children who are vic-tims of trafficking; and 
(B) children who are at risk of becoming 
victims of trafficking; and 
(3) specifies any barriers in Federal laws or 
regulations that may prevent identification and assessment of children who are victims of trafficking, including an evaluation of the extent to which States are able to address 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MR6.027 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1394 March 10, 2015 
the needs of such trafficked children without 
altering the definition of child abuse and ne-glect under section 3 of the Child Abuse Pre-vention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5101 note). 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-
tion: 
(1) S EVERE FORM OF TRAFFICKING IN PER -
SONS.—The term ‘‘severe form of trafficking 
in persons’’ has the meaning given the term in section 103(9) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9)). 
(2) V
ICTIM OF TRAFFICKING .—The term ‘‘vic-
tim of trafficking’’ has the meaning given the term in section 103(15) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(15)). 
SA 282. Ms. AYOTTE (for herself and 
Mr. D ONNELLY ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEVELOPMENT OF BEST PRE-
SCRIBING PRACTICES. 
(a) I NTER -AGENCY TASK FORCE .—Not later 
than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’), in cooperation with the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs, the Secretary of Defense, and the Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration, shall convene a Pain Management Best Practices Inter- Agency Task Force (referred to in this sec-tion as the ‘‘task force’’). 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The task force shall be 
comprised of— 
(1) representatives of— (A) the Department of Health and Human 
Services; 
(B) the Department of Veterans Affairs; (C) the Department of Defense; (D) the Drug Enforcement Administration; (E) the Centers for Disease Control and 
Prevention; 
(F) the Office of National Drug Control 
Policy; 
(G) the Institute of Medicine; (H) pain management professional organi-
zations; 
(I) the mental health treatment commu-
nity; 
(J) the addiction treatment community; 
and 
(K) pain advocacy groups; (2) the Director of the National Institutes 
of Health; 
(3) physicians, dentists, and non-physician 
prescribers; 
(4) pharmacists; (5) experts in the fields of pain research 
and addiction research; and 
(6) other stakeholders, as the Secretary de-
termines appropriate. 
(c) D
UTIES .—The task force shall— 
(1) not later than 180 days after the date on 
which the task force is convened, develop best practices for pain management and pre-scription pain medication prescribing prac-tices, taking into consideration— 
(A) existing pain management research; (B) recommendations from relevant con-
ferences; and 
(C) ongoing efforts at the State and local 
levels and by medical professional organiza-tions to develop improved pain management strategies; 
(2) solicit and take into consideration pub-
lic comment on the practices developed under paragraph (1), amending such best practices if appropriate; and 
(3) develop a strategy for disseminating in-
formation about the best practices developed under paragraphs (1) and (2) to prescribers, 
pharmacists, State medical boards, and other parties, as the Secretary determines appropriate. 
(d) L
IMITATION .—The task force shall not 
have rulemaking authority. 
(e) R EPORT .—Not later than 270 days after 
the date on which the task force is convened, the task force shall submit to Congress a re-port that includes— 
(1) the strategy for disseminating best 
practices developed under subsection (c); 
(2) the results of a feasibility study on 
linking best practices developed under para-graphs (1) and (2) of subsection (c) to receiv-ing and renewing registrations under section 303(f) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 823(f)); and 
(3) recommendations on how to apply such 
best practices to improve prescribing prac-tices at medical facilities, including medical facilities of the Veterans Health Administra-tion. 
SA 283. Mr. HELLER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE IV—ANTI-TRAFFICKING TRAINING 
FOR DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-CURITY PERSONNEL 
SEC. 401. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ 
means the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. 
(2) H
UMAN TRAFFICKING .—The term ‘‘human 
trafficking’’ means an act or practice de-scribed in paragraph (9) or (10) of section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
(3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Homeland Security. 
SEC. 402. TRAINING FOR DEPARTMENT PER-
SONNEL TO IDENTIFY HUMAN TRAF-FICKING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall implement a program to— 
(1) train and periodically retrain relevant 
Transportation Security Administration, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and other Department personnel that the Sec-retary considers appropriate, with respect to how to effectively deter, detect, and disrupt human trafficking, and, where appropriate, interdict a suspected perpetrator of human trafficking, during the course of their pri-mary roles and responsibilities; and 
(2) ensure that the personnel referred to in 
paragraph (1) regularly receive current infor-mation on matters related to the detection of human trafficking, including information that becomes available outside of the De-partment’s initial or periodic retraining schedule, to the extent relevant to their offi-cial duties and consistent with applicable in-formation and privacy laws. 
(b) T
RAINING DESCRIBED .—The training re-
ferred to in subsection (a) may be conducted through in-class or virtual learning capabili-ties, and shall include— 
(1) methods for identifying suspected vic-
tims of human trafficking and, where appro-priate, perpetrators of human trafficking; 
(2) for appropriate personnel, methods to 
approach a suspected victim of human traf-ficking, where appropriate, in a manner that is sensitive to the suspected victim and is not likely to alert a suspected perpetrator of human trafficking; 
(3) training that is most appropriate for a 
particular location or environment in which the personnel receiving such training per-
form their official duties; 
(4) other topics determined by the Sec-
retary to be appropriate; and 
(5) a post-training evaluation for personnel 
receiving the training. 
(c) T
RAINING CURRICULUM REVIEW .—The 
Secretary shall annually reassess the train-ing program established under subsection (a) to ensure it is consistent with current tech-niques, patterns, and trends associated with human trafficking. 
SEC. 403. CERTIFICATION AND REPORT TO CON-
GRESS. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall certify to Congress that all personnel referred to in section 402(a) have successfully completed the training re-quired under that section. 
(b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall report to Congress with respect to the overall effectiveness of the program required by this title, the number of cases reported by Department personnel in which human traf-ficking was suspected, and, of those cases, the number of cases that were confirmed cases of human trafficking. 
SEC. 404. ASSISTANCE TO NON-FEDERAL ENTI-
TIES. 
The Secretary may provide training cur-
ricula to any State, local, or tribal govern-ment or private organization to assist the government or organization in establishing a program of training to identify human traf-ficking, upon request from the government or organization. 
SA 284. Mr. VITTER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. l. CITIZENSHIP AT BIRTH FOR CERTAIN 
PERSONS BORN IN THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 301 of the Immi-
gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1401) is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’ before 
‘‘The following’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsections (a) 
through (h) as paragraphs (1) through (8), re-spectively, and indenting such paragraphs, as redesignated, an additional 2 ems to the right; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITION .—Acknowledging the right 
of birthright citizenship established by sec-tion 1 of the 14th Amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States, a person born in the United States shall be considered ‘sub-ject to the jurisdiction’ of the United States for purposes of subsection (a)(1) only if the person is born in the United States and at least 1 of the person’s parents is— 
‘‘(1) a citizen or national of the United 
States; 
‘‘(2) an alien lawfully admitted for perma-
nent residence in the United States whose residence is in the United States; or 
‘‘(3) an alien performing active service in 
the armed forces (as defined in section 101 of title 10, United States Code).’’. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendment made 
by subsection (a)(3) may not be construed to affect the citizenship or nationality status of any person born before the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
(c) S
EVERABILITY .—If any provision of this 
section or any amendment made by this sec-tion, or any application of such provision or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MR6.030 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1395 March 10, 2015 
amendment to any person or circumstance, 
is held to be unconstitutional, the remainder of the provisions of this Act and the amend-ments made by this Act and the application of the provision or amendment to any other person or circumstance shall not be affected. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 10, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 10, 2015, at 10:15 a.m., in room SD–215 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Tax Complexity, Compliance, and Ad-ministration: The Merits of Simplifica-tion in Tax Reform.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 10, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Policy in Ukraine: Countering Russia and Driving Reform.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 10, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Nomina-tions.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 10, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD– 430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Con-tinuing America’s Leadership in Med-ical Innovation for Patients.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 10, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON ANTITRUST , COMPETITION  
POLICY , AND CONSUMER RIGHTS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, Sub-
committee on Antitrust, Competition Policy, and Consumer Rights be au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 10, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘How Much For A Song?: The Antitrust Decrees that Govern the Market for Music.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON EMERGING THREATS AND  
CAPABILITIES  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities of the Committee on Armed Services be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 10, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON SECURITIES , INSURANCE , AND 
INVESTMENT  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Subcommittee on Secu-rities, Insurance, and Investment be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 10, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Venture Exchange and Small Cap Companies.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the following staff members of the Judiciary Com-mittee be granted floor privileges throughout the consideration of S. 178, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act: Tristan Dunford, Matt Piant, Arielle Giordano, Christopher Boden, and Mary Futcher. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that floor privi-leges be granted to Steve Curtis, mili-tary fellow, with Senator B
URR’s office 
during the consideration of S. 178. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
APPOINTMENT 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Chair announces, on behalf of the ma-jority leader, a clarification of the ini-tial appointment rather than re-appointment, made on March 9, 2015, pursuant to Public Law 101–509, of the following individual to serve as a mem-ber of the Advisory Committee on the Records of Congress: Deborah Skaggs Speth of Kentucky. 
f 
EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF THE 
SENATE REGARDING THE COU-RAGEOUS WORK AND LIFE OF BORIS NEMTSOV 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be dis-
charged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the con-sideration of S. Res. 93. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the resolution 
by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 93) expressing the 
sense of the Senate regarding the courageous work and life of Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov, and calling for a swift and transparent investigation into his tragic murder in Moscow on February 27, 2015. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 93) was agreed 
to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in the R
ECORD of March 2, 2015, 
under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
MARCH 11, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, March 11; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, and that the time be equally divided, with the Democrats controlling the first half and the ma-jority controlling the final half; fi-nally, that following morning business the Senate resume consideration of S. 178. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROGRAM 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, it is 
my hope the logjam on this bill, which seems to have developed today, will be broken tomorrow and that we can begin to consider amendments under a fair and open process, which is what we would like to do on this measure that came out of the Judiciary Committee unanimously. 
Chairman G
RASSLEY and Senator 
CORNYN have been here all day trying 
to work through amendments, and there are a number on our side in the queue and ready to go. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10MR6.030 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1396 March 10, 2015 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:03 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, March 11, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED 
STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. ROBERT J. BECKLUND 
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED 
STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. MICHAEL J. FEELEY 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
AS THE CHIEF OF CHAPLAINS, UNITED STATES ARMY, AND APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 3036: 
To be major general 
COL. PAUL K. HURLEY 
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. DAVID S. BALDWIN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF 
THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS THE DIRECTOR, ARMY NATIONAL GUARD, AND FOR AP-POINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 10506 AND 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. TIMOTHY J. KADAVY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. STEPHEN J. TOWNSEND 
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. TAMMY L. MIRACLE 
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. MARIA C. POWERS 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
AS DEPUTY JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL OF THE NAVY AND FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 5149: 
To be rear admiral 
CAPT. JOHN G. HANNINK 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) RON. J. MACLAREN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) JOHN D. ALEXANDER 
REAR ADM. (LH) RONALD A. BOXALL REAR ADM. (LH) ROBERT P. BURKE REAR ADM. (LH) MATTHEW J. CARTER REAR ADM. (LH) CHRISTOPHER W. GRADY REAR ADM. (LH) MICHAEL E. JABALEY, JR. REAR ADM. (LH) COLIN J. KILRAIN REAR ADM. (LH) ANDREW L. LEWIS REAR ADM. (LH) DEWOLFE H. MILLER REAR ADM. (LH) JOHN P. NEAGLEY REAR ADM. (LH) PATRICK A. PIERCEY REAR ADM. (LH) CHARLES A. RICHARD REAR ADM. (LH) HUGH D. WETHERALD REAR ADM. (LH) RICKY L. WILLIAMSON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) BRIAN K. ANTONIO REAR ADM. (LH) MARK R. WHITNEY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) PAUL A. SOHL 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) NANCY A. NORTON REAR ADM. (LH) ROBERT D. SHARP 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) TERRY J. MOULTON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) BRET J. MUILENBURG 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G10MR6.055 S10MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E319 March 10, 2015 
HONORING THE POOLESVILLE 
SWIM AND DIVE TEAMS 
HON. JOHN K. DELANEY 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 10, 2015 
Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Poolesville High School’s Girls and Boys Swim and Dive Teams, which last month became 2015 Class 3A/2A/1A State Cham-pions in Maryland. This year’s win is the fourth consecutive state championship for the Poolesville Boys Team and the second cham-pionship in three years for the Poolesville Girls Team. 
Both team members and Poolesville Coach 
Jon Leong deserve recognition for their out-standing performance, their ability to work as a team, and their athletic talent. This year’s championship will make the Poolesville Boys Swim and Dive Team the first high school team in Maryland to win more than three state swimming titles. Throughout their work, mem-bers of the Boys and Girls Swim and Dive Teams have acted as role models for their peers, and they should be proud of their ac-complishments. 
I ask that you and my other distinguished 
colleagues help me in honoring the significant occasion of this year’s Swim and Dive State Championship victories for Poolesville High School. The boys and girls teams are model organizations and are an inspiration in our community. 
f 
IN HONOR OF DR. SIMON W. 
CHANG 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 10, 2015 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the remarkable public service career of Dr. Simon W. Chang, who is retiring as the Superintendent of the Naval Research Labora-tory (NRL) Marine Meteorology Division in Monterey, CA following a 32-year career with the Federal Government. During that time, Dr. Chang built an unparalleled reputation for sci-entific excellence and insightful leadership through overseeing the development of state of the art weather prediction systems to sup-port U.S. military operations. Dr. Chang’s in-sightful leadership was recognized in 2007 with the Presidential Rank Award of Meri-torious Executive, and in 2009 with his elec-tion as a Fellow of the American Meteorology Society. 
A native of Nanjing, China, Dr. Chang 
earned his Bachelor of Science Degree in Me-teorology from the National Taiwan University. After immigrating to the United States he earned his Master of Science Degree in At-mospheric Sciences from the South Dakota School of Mines and Technology and his PhD in Meteorology from Pennsylvania State Uni-
versity. Dr. Chang joined NRL in 1983, and has led the Monterey Meteorology Division since 2003. His work has advanced the science of meteorology and, in particular, the study of tropical cyclones, air-sea interactions, numerical weather prediction, satellite data as-similation, and mesoscale meteorology. He authored the definitive mesoscale meteorolog-ical analysis for the 1991 Gulf War Illness study that determined the extent to which our deployed military forces could have been ex-posed to dangerous contaminants in the after-math of Operation Desert Storm. 
As the NRL Monterey Division Super-
intendent, Dr. Chang was in charge of devel-oping several key Navy global and regional scale weather models, tropical cyclone pre-diction models, highly accurate data assimila-tion systems to bring millions of observations per day into those models, and user-friendly tactical-scale tools to translate raw weather data into actionable military information. He established close collaborations with other re-gional scientific organizations; such as the Fleet Numerical Meteorology and Oceanog-raphy Center, the Naval Postgraduate School, the Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Insti-tute, and the Central and Northern California Ocean Observing System, to put the Monterey Bay Area at the forefront of atmospheric and oceanographic research. For my part, I had the great pleasure of working with Dr. Chang to secure funding for a new state of the art lab building for the Monterey Division. 
Mr. Speaker, I know that I speak for the 
whole House in sharing our gratitude to Dr. Chang for a job well done and extend our best wishes to Simon and his family in this next chapter of life. I know that even in retirement, he will still find himself involved in the commu-nity and helping people in need and will con-tinue to stand as an example for others. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BASKETBALL 
LEGEND SAM JONES 
HON. G.K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 10, 2015 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, today it is 
with great pleasure that I rise to commemorate the contributions of Sam Jones. Mr. Jones was a star Guard in college and went on to play professionally for the Boston Celtics. On March 5, 2015, Mr. Jones’ alma mater of North Carolina Central University will retire his jersey inside McDougald-McLendon Gym-nasium. 
Sam Jones was born June 24, 1933 in Wil-
mington, North Carolina and attended Laurinburg Institute located in Scotland Coun-ty, North Carolina. After, Mr. Jones went to Durham where he attended what was then known as North Carolina College and quickly became a breakout star on the basketball court. Mr. Jones played at North Carolina Col-lege from 1951 until 1954 and again from 
1956 until 1957. While there, he amassed 1,745 career points under head coaches John McLendon and Floyd Brown. Nearly 60 years after leaving North Carolina College, Mr. Jones is still the school’s second-leading scor-er. 
In 1957, Mr. Jones entered the NBA draft 
and was selected by the Boston Celtics in the first round as the eighth overall pick. During his remarkable 12 year career with the Celtics, Mr. Jones scored 15,411 points and averaged 17.7 points per game and also had 4,305 ca-reer rebounds and 2,209 career assists. Im-pressively, Mr. Jones led the Boston Celtics to 10 NBA championship wins—the second most of any NBA player—behind his then team-mate—Bill Russell. He also played in five All Star games and is widely regarded as one of the greatest NBA players of all time. 
Mr. Jones was inducted into the North Caro-
lina Sports Hall of Fame in 1969 and both the North Carolina Central University Hall of Fame and the prestigious Naismith Memorial Basket-ball Hall of Fame in 1984. In 1970, Mr. Jones was selected as part of the NBA 25th Anniver-sary All-Time Team and was later honored by being named among the top 50 players in the history of the NBA as a member of the 50th Anniversary All-Time Team in 1996. 
Throughout his career, Sam Jones never 
lost sight of what was most important—his family. He is married to Gladys Jones and to-gether they have five adult children—Aubrey, Phyllis, Michael, Terri, and Ashley and many grandchildren. 
Mr. Speaker, Sam Jones has served as in-
spiration to generations of young men and women both here and around the world who are drawn to the game of basketball. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Mr. Sam Jones on the high honor bestowed upon him by our shared alma mater of North Caro-lina Central University. 
f 
ABINGTON HIGH SCHOOL DIVISION 
V 2014 SUPERBOWL CHAMPIONS; ETIENNE BOURGOIN 2014 DIVI-SION 3 2014 MASSACHUSETTS STATE GOLFING CHAMPION 
HON. STEPHEN F. LYNCH 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 10, 2015 
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to 
honor and congratulate the administration, coaches, and players of the Abington, MA high school football team. On December 6, 2014, the Green Wave won the Massachu-setts Interscholastic Athletic Association Divi-sion V Superbowl, defeating the Northbridge High School Rams, 36–6, earning them the title, State Champions. 
Abington High School has a long tradition of 
excellence in high school football. The Green Wave has earned the state-best overall three year record of 35–3 from 2012–2014. Since 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10MR8.001 E10MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E320 March 10, 2015 
the year 2000, they have won nine South 
Shore League Championships (2001, 02, 05, 06, 07, 08, 09, 12, 13), three Superbowl Championships (2002, 2005, 2012), one South Sectional Championship (2013), and one State Championship (2014). 
Mr. Speaker, the young men on this football 
team conducted themselves in such a way as to bring honor, pride, and recognition to the Town of Abington. They represent what is truly best about high school student-athletes. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to join with the 
families, friends, and residents of Abington, MA, to congratulate the high school football team on their remarkable achievement. 
Administration: Superintendent Peter 
Schafer, Principal Teresa Sullivan, Athletic Di-rector Peter Serino, Head Coach Jim Kelliher, Assistant Coaches Ed Reilly, Jim Daly, Scott Pifer, Mike Bruning, Brian McSharry, Tim Wells. Freshmen Coaches: Jay Brown, Tim O’Brien, Keith Faxon, Kalonji Kabongo, Mbela Kabongo. Water Boys: Eddie Reilly, Michael Reilly, Jack Reilly, Chris Lussier, Drew Dono-van. 
Players: Owen Leary, Bryan Dwyer, Javin 
Vincellette, Aidan Cawley, Evan Fanara, Nate Riordan, James Landers, Jake Tosone, Josh Riordan, John Kearns, Dave Lyons, Brendan Glavin, Christian Bermudez, Owen Kearney, Ryan Landers, Shawn Donovan, Donnell Leon, Josh McCabe, Will Curtin, Josh Martin, Ray Emery, Dexter Chevallier, Sam Malafronte, Cole McMahon, Ryan Paris, Cole Jansen, Luca Cerasani, Josh Rix, Shane Sul-livan, Joe Hankins, Matt Dalton, Danny Ma-lone, George Cellini, Brian O’Donovan, Alex Freeman, Colbey MacLeod, Jared Aprile, Rob Toomey, Chris Chevalier, Dennis Cummins. 
Further, Mr. Speaker, I am proud to note the 
accomplishments of Abington High School senior, golfer Etienne Bourgoin. He fired a 74 under difficult conditions to win the Division Three State Golfing Championship in October, 2014. He was also honored by the Boston Globe as the Division Three Golfer of the Year for 2014. In addition, he was the co-medalist at the sectional tournament and at the South Shore League Championship. He was the number one golfer for four straight years at Abington High School. Etienne is the first indi-
vidual state champion in Abington High School history. 
Please join me in congratulating Etienne 
Bourgoin on his historic victory. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE NEWTOWN FIRE 
ASSOCIATION 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 10, 2015 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, the New-
town Fire Association celebrates 125 years of continuous service to the Newtown community this year and I congratulate the volunteers for the dedication and commitment that tran-scends the generations. The association was formed in the aftermath of a local mill fire in October 1889 when a group of citizen-re-sponders saw the need for local fire protection and met the following month to create the all- volunteer Newtown Fire Association. This company continuously provided high level pro-tective services to the community and con-tinues the tradition today with a 21st century staff of certified firefighters and state-of-the-art fire and rescue equipment. This special anni-versary acknowledges a century of selfless volunteer, first-responders who are honored for their courage and service. Congratulations to the Newtown Fire Association on this mile-
stone with the gratitude of the community for demonstrating the dedication of your founders and an ongoing commitment to the protection of your neighbors, their lives, their homes and their properties. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF ROSE 
TOREN 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 10, 2015 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to celebrate the life of Rose Toren—moth-er, wife, grandmother, successful business 
woman, author, and Holocaust survivor—who passed away on February 2, 2015, at the age of 91. 
Rose’s favorite saying, ‘‘Never give up,’’ 
which she passed along to her family, dictated the way she lived her life. Born into a tradi-tional Jewish family in Poland as Rosalia Orenstein, she was the sole member of her family to survive the Holocaust. 
On an otherwise ordinary evening in 1939, 
Nazi soldiers pounded on her door and or-dered the family of seven to gather in a field. Her younger sister, Eda, decided to escape and was never seen again. At her father’s urg-ing, Rose also ran, never to see her family again. 
With the help of classmate Urszula Grande, 
Rose obtained forged paperwork and as-sumed the identity of a displaced Christian Pole, Kazimiera Lukashuk. She clung to her new identity but was plagued by feelings of anger and isolation in denying her Jewish her-itage. In a moment of despair, she admitted her true identity to someone whom she be-lieved was a friend. 
Rose quickly found herself in the walls of 
Auschwitz, where she was spared the gas chamber and worked knitting sweaters. She escaped Auschwitz shortly before the end of the war. 
Like many Jewish survivors of the Holo-
caust, Rose fled Europe to Israel, where she met her husband, Jack Toren. The young cou-ple later moved to New York, where their daughter Lili was born. When Lili was 9, the Toren family moved to Beverly Hills to provide the best life possible to their daughter. 
Rose was quick to laugh and lived a life of 
defiance, thriving and bringing joy to countless others, against all odds. She is survived by her daughter, Mayor Lili Bosse, her son-in-law, John Bosse, and her grandchildren, whom I hope take comfort in the way Rose lived her 
life as a resilient and astounding woman. May her memory be a blessing to us all. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10MR8.002 E10MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D256 Tuesday, March 10, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1343–S1396. 
Measures Introduced: Twenty bills and one resolu-
tion were introduced, as follows: S. 682–701, and S. Res. 99.
                                                                  Pages S1383–84 
Measures Passed: 
Work and Life of Boris Nemtsov: Committee on 
Foreign Relations was discharged from further con-sideration of S. Res. 93, expressing the sense of the Senate regarding the courageous work and life of Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov, and call-ing for a swift and transparent investigation into his tragic murder in Moscow on February 27, 2015, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                    Page S1395 
Measures Considered: 
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act—Agree-
ment: Senate began consideration of S. 178, to pro-
vide justice for the victims of trafficking, taking ac-tion on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                   Pages S1349–61, S1366–78, S1395 
Pending: 
Portman Amendment No. 270, to amend the 
Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to en-able State child protective services systems to im-prove the identification and assessment of child vic-tims of sex trafficking.
                                            Page S1369 
Portman Amendment No. 271, to amend the def-
inition of ‘‘homeless person’’ under the McKinney- Vento Homeless Assistance Act to include certain homeless children and youth.
                      Pages S1369–78 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 10:30 a.m., on Wednesday, March 11, 2015.
                                                                                Page S1395 
Appointments: 
Advisory Committee on the Records of Congress: 
The Chair announced, on behalf of the Majority Leader, a clarification of the initial appointment rather than reappointment, made on March 9, 2015, pursuant to Public Law 101–509, of the following individual to serve as a member of the Advisory Committee on the Records of Congress: Deborah Skaggs Speth of Kentucky vice Thomas Mackey of 
Kentucky.
                                                                      Page S1395 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
2 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 6 Army nominations in the rank of general. 23 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. 
                                                                                            Page S1396 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S1382–83 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S1384–85 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S1385–88 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S1380–81 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S1388–95 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S1395 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S1395 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 6:03 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, March 11, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S1395.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: VETERANS HEALTH 
ADMINISTRATION 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Mili-
tary Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Veterans Health Administration, after receiving testimony from Carolyn Clancy, Interim Under Secretary for Health, and James Tuchschmidt, Acting Principal Deputy Under Secretary for Health, both of the Veterans Health Administration, Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10MR5.REC D10MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D257 March 10, 2015 
APPROPRIATIONS: CONGRESSIONAL 
BUDGET OFFICE AND THE GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Legisla-
tive Branch concluded a hearing to examine pro-
posed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Congressional Budget Office and the Government Accountability Office, after receiv-ing testimony from Douglas W. Elmendorf, Direc-tor, Congressional Budget Office; and Gene L. Dodaro, Comptroller General of the United States, Government Accountability Office. 
DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND 
FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the posture of the Department of the Navy in review of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years De-fense Program, after receiving testimony from Ray-mond E. Mabus, Jr., Secretary of the Navy, Admiral John W. Greenert, USN, Chief of Naval Operations, and General Joseph F. Dunford, Jr., USMC, Com-mandant of the Marine Corps, all of the Department of Defense. 
IRAN’S MILITARY AND INTELLIGENCE 
ACTIVITIES AND IMPACT ON REGIONAL SECURITY 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerg-
ing Threats and Capabilities received a closed brief-ing on Iran’s military and intelligence activities and impact on regional security from Matthew Spence, Deputy Assistant Secretary for Middle East Policy, and Colonel Mark W. Visconi, USAF, Director of Regional Operations for the Deputy Director for Special Operations (J–37), Joint Staff, both of the Department of Defense; and an official from the in-telligence community. 
VENTURE EXCHANGES AND SMALL-CAP 
COMPANIES 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
Subcommittee on Securities, Insurance, and Invest-ment concluded a hearing to examine venture ex-changes and small-cap companies, after receiving tes-timony from Stephen Luparello, Director, Division of Trading and Markets, Securities and Exchange Com-mission; Thomas W. Farley, New York Stock Ex-change Group, and Nelson Griggs, Nasdaq, both of New York, New York; and Scott Kupor, Andreessen Horowitz, Menlo Park, California. 
TAX COMPLEXITY, COMPLIANCE, AND 
ADMINISTRATION 
Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing 
to examine tax complexity, compliance, and adminis-tration, focusing on the merits of simplification in 
tax reform, after receiving testimony from Bruce Bartlett, former Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Economic Policy, Great Falls, Virginia; Carol Markman, EP Caine and Associates, CPA LLC, Westbury, New York; Mihir A. Desai, Harvard Uni-versity, Boston, Massachusetts; and Keith Fogg, Villanova Law School Low Income Tax Clinic, Villanova, Pennsylvania. 
UNITED STATES POLICY IN UKRAINE 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine United States policy in Ukraine, focusing on countering Russia and driving reform, after receiving testimony from Victoria Nuland, Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian Affairs; Brian P. McKeon, Principal Deputy Under Secretary, and Vice Admiral Frank Pandolfe, Director for Strategic Plans and Policy (J5), Joint Staff Pentagon, both of the Department of Defense; Ramin Toloui, Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for International Finance; John E. Herbst, former Ambassador to Ukraine, Atlantic Council, Washington, D.C.; and John Kornblum, former As-sistant Secretary of State for European Affairs and former Ambassador to Germany, Berlin, Germany. 
NOMINATIONS 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine the nominations of Stafford Fitzgerald Haney, of New Jersey, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Costa Rica, Gentry O. Smith, of North Carolina, to be Director of the Office of For-eign Missions, and to have the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service, and Charles C. Adams, Jr., of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Finland, all of the Department of State, and Mat-thew T. McGuire, of the District of Columbia, to be United States Executive Director of the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. 
LEADERSHIP IN MEDICAL INNOVATION 
FOR PATIENTS 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine con-tinuing America’s leadership in medical innovation for patients, after receiving testimony from Francis S. Collins, Director, National Institutes of Health, and Margaret A. Hamburg, Commissioner of Food and Drugs, Food and Drug Administration, both of the Department of Health and Human Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10MR5.REC D10MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D258 March 10, 2015 
ANTITRUST DECREES THAT GOVERN THE 
MARKET FOR MUSIC 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Anti-
trust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights con-cluded a hearing to examine the antitrust decrees 
that govern the market for music, after receiving tes-timony from Mike Dowdle, Bonneville International Corporation, Salt Lake City, Utah, on behalf of the National Association of Broadcasters; Jodie Griffin, Public Knowledge, Washington, D.C.; Christopher S. Harrison, Pandora Media, Inc., Austin, Texas; Elizabeth Matthews, American Society of Composers, 
Authors and Publishers, and Matt Pincus, SONGS Music Publishing, both of New York, New York; and Lee Thomas Miller, Broadcast Music, Inc. Song-writer Affiliate, Nashville, Tennessee, on behalf of the Nashville Songwriters Association International. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in 
closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 10 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 1343–1352; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 148 were introduced.
                                       Pages H1625–26 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H1626–27 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Harris to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H1625 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the 
Guest Chaplain, Reverend Scott Sina, St. John the Beloved Catholic Church, McLean, Virginia. 
                                                                                            Page H1625 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yea-and-nay 
votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-
journed at 12:02 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
MARCH 11, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy 
and Water Development, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the National Nuclear Safety Administration, 9 
a.m., SD–138. 
Subcommittee on Department of the Interior, Environ-
ment, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for Indian Health Service, 10 a.m., SD–124. 
Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban 
Development, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Housing and Urban Development, 10 a.m., SD–562. 
Subcommittee on Department of Defense, to hold hear-
ings to examine proposed budget estimates and justifica-tion for fiscal year 2016 for the Army, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. 
Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Re-
lated Programs, to hold hearings to examine protecting religious freedom abroad, 2 p.m., SD–124. 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on SeaPower, 
to hold hearings to examine Marine Corps ground mod-ernization in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Pro-gram, 9:30 a.m., SR–222. 
Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support, 
to hold hearings to examine military construction, envi-ronmental, energy, and base closure programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SH–216. 
Committee on the Budget: to hold hearings to examine 
benefits of a balanced budget, 10:30 a.m., SD–608. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to 
hold hearings to examine a nationwide public safety wire-less broadband network, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-
ings to examine state regulators’ perspectives on the clean power plan, 10 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-
ine the President’s request for authorization to use force against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), focusing on military and diplomatic efforts, 9:30 a.m., SD–106. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10MR5.REC D10MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D259 March 10, 2015 
Committee on Indian Affairs: to hold hearings to examine 
the nomination of Jonodev Osceola Chaudhuri, of Ari-zona, to be Chairman of the National Indian Gaming Commission, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine 
certain nominations, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10MR5.REC D10MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD260 March 10, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Wednesday, March 11 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond one hour), Senate will continue consideration of S. 178, Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
11 a.m., Friday, March 13 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma ses-
sion at 11 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Butterfield, G.K., N.C., E319 
Delaney, John K., Md., E319 Farr, Sam, Calif., E319 Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E320 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E320 Lynch, Stephen F., Mass., E319 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Mar 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D10MR5.REC D10MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST