Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H6791 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 2, 2015 No. 144 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, October 5, 2015, at 4 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
FRIDAY , OCTOBER 2, 2015 
The House met at 1 p.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
October 2, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable M AC 
THORNBERRY to act as Speaker pro tempore 
on this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PRAYER 
Reverend Cara Spaccarelli, Christ 
Church, Washington, D.C. offered the following prayer: 
O God, Creator of all, lover of life, 
inspirer of hope even amidst tremen-dous pain and powerful obstacles, we know that You are as tired of hearing our cries in the face of another gun tragedy as we are tired of witnessing it. 
As You comfort the community of 
Roseburg, Oregon, may we open our-selves to change, may we confess that what we are doing is not working, and that we can do better. 
Inspire us out of complacency, out of 
inertia, out of fear that we might work toward becoming a nation that so hon-ors life that it will do everything in its power to protect it. 
Amen. THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, October 1, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on Oc-tober 1, 2015 at 5:11 p.m.: 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 1624. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 4 of rule I, the following enrolled bills were signed by Speaker pro tempore U
PTON on Thursday, Octo-
ber 1, 2015: 
H.R. 1020, to define STEM education 
to include computer science, and to support existing STEM education pro-grams at the National Science Founda-tion; 
H.R. 2617, to amend the Fair Min-
imum Wage Act of 2007 to reduce a scheduled increase in the minimum wage applicable to American Samoa. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
DEMOCRATIC LEADER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Honorable N
ANCY  
PELOSI , Democratic Leader: 
OCTOBER 1, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. 
D
EARSPEAKER BOEHNER : Pursuant to sec-
tion 202(a) of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146), I am pleased to recommend the fol-lowing individual to the Commission on Care. 
Ms. Charlene Taylor, Elk Grove, Cali-
fornia. 
Best regards, 
N
ANCY PELOSI , 
Democratic Leader. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:01 Oct 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02OC7.000 H02OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6792 October 2, 2015 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, OC-
TOBER 2, 2015, TO MONDAY, OC-TOBER 5, 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, when the House adjourns today, it shall adjourn to meet on Mon-day next, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, regarding morning- hour debate shall not apply on that day. 
There was no objection. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker pro tempore, Mr. U
PTON , on 
Thursday, October 1, 2015: 
H.R. 1020. An act to define STEM education 
to include computer science, and to support existing STEM education programs at the National Science Foundation. 
H.R. 2617. An act to amend the Fair Min-
imum Wage Act of 2007 to reduce a scheduled increase in the minimum wage applicable to American Samoa. 
On Friday, October 2, 2015: 
H.R. 1624. An act to amend title I of the 
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act to revise the definition of small em-ployer. 
f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE 
PRESIDENT 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported that on September 30, 2015, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bills: 
H.R. 719. To require the Transportation Se-
curity Administration to conform to existing Federal law and regulations regarding crimi-nal investigator positions, and for other pur-poses. 
H.R. 3614. To amend title 49, United States 
Code, to extend authorizations for the air-port improvement program, to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the funding and expenditure authority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
further reported that on October 1, 2015, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 1020. To define STEM education to in-
clude computer science, and to support exist-ing STEM education programs at the Na-tional Science Foundation. 
H.R. 2617. To amend the Fair Minimum 
Wage Act of 2007 to reduce a scheduled in-crease in the minimum wage applicable to American Samoa. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the House stands adjourned until 2 p.m. on Monday, October 5, 2015. 
There was no objection. Thereupon (at 1 o’clock and 4 min-
utes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, Octo-ber 5, 2015, at 2 p.m. EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3016. A letter from the Acting Director, 
Program Development and Regulatory Anal-ysis, Rural Utilities Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Section 306D Water Systems for Rural and Native Villages in Alaska (RIN: 0572-AC28) received October 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Agri-culture. 
3017. A letter from the Comptroller, Under 
Secretary of Defense, Department of De-fense, transmitting the Department’s semi-annual Defense Cooperation Account report, period ending March 31, 2015, and semiannual Coalition Contributions: Personal Property report period ending March 31, 2015, as re-quired by 10 U.S.C. 2608; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
3018. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s report to Congress entitled ‘‘Federal Traumatic Brain Injury Program’’ for fiscal years 2011-2013, in accordance with 42 U.S.C. 300d-52; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3019. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s Determina-tion Under Sec. 506(a)(1) of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 for Benin, Cameroon, Chad, Niger, and Nigeria to Support their Ef-forts Against Boko Haram; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3020. A letter from the Director, External 
Affairs, Federal Retirement Thrift Invest-ment Board, transmitting the Board’s final rule — Default Investment Fund Errors re-ceived October 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana (for her-
self and Mr. S ARBANES ): 
H.R. 3681. A bill to extend and expand the 
Medicaid emergency psychiatric demonstra-tion project; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. GUTHRIE: 
H.R. 3682. A bill to increase the competi-
tiveness of American manufacturing by re-ducing regulatory and other burdens, encour-aging greater innovation and investment, and developing a stronger workforce for the twenty-first century, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Nat-ural Resources, Ways and Means, Education and the Workforce, the Judiciary, House Ad-ministration, Rules, Appropriations, Foreign Affairs, Science, Space, and Technology, and Armed Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. MENG: 
H. Res. 460. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of the International Day of Non-Violence; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
140. The SPEAKER presented a memorial 
of the Legislature of the State of California, relative to Senate Joint Resolution 12, stat-ing that the Legislature supports the nomi-nation of Mitsuye Endo Tsutsumi for the Presidential Medal of Freedom; which was referred to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana: 
H.R. 3681. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. GUTHRIE: 
H.R. 3682. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1—The Con-
gress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common De-fense and general Welfare of the United States; 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3—To regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 583: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. 
H.R. 1233: Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mrs. C OM-
STOCK , and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 1288: Mr. F ITZPATRICK and Ms. B ASS. 
H.R. 1309: Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN . 
H.R. 1610: Mr. F OSTER . 
H.R. 1726: Mr. R ICHMOND . 
H.R. 1767: Mr. S HIMKUS . 
H.R. 1786: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. 
H.R. 1986: Mr. R USSELL . 
H.R. 2126: Mr. F LEMING . 
H.R. 2646: Mr. F INCHER . 
H.R. 2663: Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 2849: Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 3225: Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 3339: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. 
H.R. 3520: Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 3535: Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 3632: Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 3666: Mr. E NGEL . 
H. Res. 12: Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H. Res. 354: Mr. B URGESS and Mr. C HABOT . 
H. Res. 429: Mr. G ARAMENDI and Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN . 
H. Res. 451: Mr. L ANCE , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. 
JOLLY , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. R OUZER , and Mr. 
WESTMORELAND . 
H. Res. 458: Ms. S INEMA , Ms. B ASS, Mrs. 
BLACKBURN , and Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:39 Oct 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02OC7.004 H02OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1415 October 2, 2015 
HONORING SUBWAY FOUNDER 
FRED D ELUCA 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 2, 2015 
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, it is with the 
heaviest of hearts that I rise today to pay trib-ute to one of Connecticut’s and this nation’s most successful entrepreneurs and my dear friend, Fred DeLuca, who recently lost his bat-tle with leukemia. 
Born in Brooklyn in 1947 to Salvatore and 
Carmela Ombres DeLuca, Fred watched his father, a factory worker, work tirelessly to pro-vide for his family. The family later moved to Bridgeport, Connecticut where Fred graduated from Central High School in 1965. Hoping to pursue a career in medicine, Fred enrolled at the University of Bridgeport. Though working at a local hardware store, his wages would not cover all of his college expenses. Fred knew he had to do something more and that’s when he decided to open a sandwich shop and use his earnings to pay his college expenses. 
So, with a loan from a family friend, he 
rented a small store for $165 a month in downtown Bridgeport, built a takeout counter and opened his first sandwich shop on August 28, 1965. He called it Pete’s Submarines in honor of his backer, but on their radio adver-tisements listeners misheard the name as Pizza Marines, so he changed it to Pete’s Subway before settling on the simpler Subway in 1968. Though the first two shops were not a great success, the third, which opened in a better location, changed their fortunes forever. 
As the growing operation gained traction, 
Fred received a degree in psychology but gave up plans for a medical career. The busi-ness was incorporated and in 1974, halfway to the goal of owning 32 stores in the company’s first decade, the partners adopted franchises as the key to growth—and it worked. In 1978 Subway opened its 100th outlet and in 1987 its 1,000th. Since then, it has averaged 1,500 new restaurants a year, and in recent years it surpassed all competitors, establishing res-taurants not only across America but through-out Europe, Asia, and Oceania. 
Fred was a reflection of what we all define 
as the American Dream. What began as a small business to pay his way through college became one of our nation’s most beloved fast food chains. Fred never forgot from where it was he started. Whether through scholarships to help young students realize their dreams, grants to local non-profit organizations, or sharing his experiences and inspiring a new generation of young entrepreneurs, Fred gave back to his community and fellow man in so many ways. 
Fred DeLuca was many things—a brilliant 
entrepreneur, a savvy businessman, a gen-erous philanthropist. I am grateful to have had the opportunity to know and work with him and I consider myself fortunate to call him my friend. I extend my deepest sympathies to Fred’s wife, Elisabeth and his son, Jonathan, 
as well as his many family and friends. He will be deeply missed and leaves a legacy that is certain to inspire many. 
f 
CELEBRATING 55 YEARS OF 
NIGERIA’S INDEPENDENCE 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 2, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as found-
er and Co-Chair of the Congressional Caucus on Nigeria, I rise in joyful celebration of 55 years of Nigeria’s Independence. 
I continue to have a deep appreciation of 
the patriotism, resilience, and commitment of the Nigerian people under the leadership of their newly elected President Muhammadu Buhari. 
As an emerging democracy, Nigeria is a 
country that has faced its set of challenges, conflicts, and contradictions analogous to the human condition itself. 
From the civil war from 1967 to 1970 that 
almost ripped the country apart to the current state of violent extremists’ terror wreaked on the Nigerian people. 
Setbacks and challenges seek to keep this 
bulwark of a country down. 
But Nigeria has always proven itself a capa-
ble leader in the region, notwithstanding its challenges. 
For example: Nigeria was instrumental in fa-
cilitating the peace process in Liberia. 
Nigeria played a seminal role in reener-
gizing and repositioning the African Union. 
Nigeria facilitated the establishment of the 
New Partnership for Africa’s Development (NEPAD) and the African Peer Review Mecha-nism (APRM), designed to promote democ-racy and good governance in Africa. 
Nigeria was instrumental in empowering the 
Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) and the Co-prosperity Alliance Zone incorporating Benin, Ghana, Nigeria and Togo. 
Nigeria helped mediate conflict in the con-
tinent from Angola to Burundi to Namibia to Mozambique to South Africa and the eastern Democratic Republic of Congo, to name a few. 
In 2014, in the wake of the Ebola virus, ac-
cording to the Centers for Disease Control (CDC), Nigeria was instrumental in containing the spread of the virus—preventing a serious public health epidemic which could have had catastrophic implications in the over 180 mil-lion person country. 
Indeed, in Nigeria and in the Diaspora, we 
have seen Nigerians contribute enormously to the economy of the United States and across the globe. 
The Nigerian economy is $573 billion—the 
largest in Africa and ranked 21 in world ac-cording to 2014 GDP reports. 
Nigeria is the ninth most populated country 
on the planet with arable land, water, forests, oil and gas, coastline, and solid minerals, just 
to name a few resources. 
As the most populous nation in Africa, ac-
cording to archeologists, human habitation in Nigeria dates back to 9000 BC. 
Nigerians have innovated in various dis-
ciplines, from the arts to the sciences and ev-erything in between. 
Nigerians are very hardworking people who 
through their hard work have been instru-mental in helping to champion innovations, like Sulaiman Bolarinde Famro who found Farmking Mobile Multi-crop Processor to re-duce both the time it takes to process tuber food such as cassava, sweet potatoes, soy, shea nuts, grains and cereals, and the amount of waste produced in processing—helping to promote food security while addressing envi-ronmental waste. 
Then there is Okwui Enwezor, the first black 
and Nigerian curator of the 56th International Art Exhibition entitled All the World’s Futures, at the Giardini della Biennale and at the Arsenale in Italy. 
Resiliency flows through the veins and into 
the hearts of the Nigerian people. 
That is why Nigeria has emerged from so 
many trials and tribulations stronger, more united, more focused, and committed to rees-tablishing the stability, peace, security, growth, and development of the country. 
Indeed, October 1 is a day for joy and cele-
bration for Nigerians. 
In my view, Nigeria as the regional giant in 
Africa has the attributes of a great nation and with unity of purpose Nigeria’s fullest potential will be achieved. 
This is proven by the recent year’s demo-
cratic development of free and fair elections— which is reflective of the Nigerian people’s commitment to cohesion and unity of purpose. 
Market women, college students, business 
men, teachers, doctors, and lawyers flocked to the polls to exercise their right to vote. 
Notwithstanding the security issues that per-
sisted, the citizens of Nigeria showed up to the polls because they understood what was at stake: the economic, social and political empowerment of the children, women and men of Nigeria. 
With this, the country elected President 
Buhari who assumed power without incident— owing to his predecessor’s graceful transfer of power. 
Having inherited a country facing insecurity, 
I commend President Buhari’s effort to double down on efforts to restore peace and security in Nigeria. 
He hit the ground running visiting us here in 
the United States—an important ally of Nige-ria. 
He met with President Obama and Mem-
bers of Congress who have been doing impor-tant work in Nigeria—myself included. 
He also visited neighbors of Nigeria with the 
eye towards marshalling a coalition of armed forces of the five nations in the Lake Chad Basin to confront, degrade and defeat Boko Haram. 
President Buhari also reached out to and 
met with the G–7 leaders and other friendly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Oct 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02OC8.001 E02OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1416 October 2, 2015 
presidents with the eye towards building an 
international coalition against Boko Haram. 
President Buhari has moved swiftly to com-
bat Boko Haram, commenced efforts to re-cover the Chibok girls and address the issue of the growing number of Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs). 
To succeed at these objectives, Nigeria 
must have continued U.S. support in technical training, logistical and infrastructural capabili-ties and professionalizing its military force to battle Boko Haram. 
And we can see substantial gains thus far, 
with the regional military task force and the Ni-gerian military closing in and killing members of Boko Haram and rescuing innocent Nige-rians and other Africans who have been kid-napped and terrorized by Boko Haram. 
I commend President Buhari’s commitment 
to Nigerian security and his directive to local authorities to tighten vigilance in vulnerable places. 
With oil being one of the greatest resource 
and cause of harm and corruption in the coun-try, I commend President Buhari’s directive to sanitize the Nigerian National Petroleum Cor-poration (NNPC) in order to obliterate ineffi-ciency and corruption in that industry and in Nigeria. 
I also commend President Buhari’s directive 
of a complete audit of the country’s revenue generating agencies such as the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), the Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS), Customs, and the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC). 
With all of President Buhari’s initiatives to 
help get Nigeria’s house in order, I implore the people of Nigeria to bear with the President even as he works to appoint his cabinet, im-plement the rule of law, facilitate security in the country, move the country’s economy for-ward and empower the youth of Nigeria. 
In the words of President Buhari, I encour-
age the people of Nigeria to ‘‘value order over speed’’ and precision over mediocrity, unity over division, inclusion over alienation and above all, I ask the Nigerian people to be their brother’s and sister’s keepers. 
I urge the Nigerian people to support Presi-
dent Buhari in his careful strategic and delib-erate decision making approach, which hope-fully will have positive results on the future of Nigeria and the Nigerian people. 
Mr. Speaker, looking ahead of the future of 
Nigeria, I encourage the Nigerian people to re-main committed to visionary change, progress and empowerment of Nigeria at the backdrop of successful democratic elections, under the leadership of a President committed to trans-parency, peace, coalition building, addressing grievances, negotiations, clear communication, infrastructure building and political intellectual capital building. 
Happy Independence Day Celebration to Ni-
geria and my congratulations to the people of Nigeria. 
Long live the Federal Republic of Nigeria! 
f 
HAPPY DOUBLE TEN DAY 
HON. DENNIS A. ROSS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 2, 2015 
Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to note 
the upcoming Double Ten Day, the Republic of China’s (Taiwan’s) national day, and to ex-
tend my very best wishes to the people of Tai-wan. 
With population of over 23 million, Taiwan 
has demonstrated its commitment to democ-racy and is one of Asia’s economic engines. Last year, Taiwan went from being our 12th- largest trading partner to our 10th, a position it continues to hold in 2015. Taiwan trans-formed itself into a vibrant and lively democ-racy, contributing not only to the global econ-omy, but also to global culture, the exchange of ideas, and the meeting of global challenges, from fighting Ebola to helping to combat ISIS. 
I believe a strong Taiwan is an important 
factor in the peace and security of the region, and I am proud of the role our country has played, through the Taiwan Relations Act, in making it possible for the people of Taiwan to build their strong, prosperous, and democratic society. Our relationship is as strong as ever, as I believe it will continue to be in the years and decades ahead. 
Taiwan will remain one of our most impor-
tant partners in the Asia-Pacific. As a friend of Taiwan, I wish its people a Happy Double Ten Day. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE FRANKLIN 
COUNTY HEAD START PROGRAM ON THE OCCASION OF THE NA-TIONAL HEAD START ASSOCIA-TION’S 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 2, 2015 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the Franklin County Head Start Pro-gram on the 50th Anniversary of the National Head Start Association. 
Since it began as a summer program in 
1965, the Head Start Program has grown and developed into an innovative early childhood experience offered to children in over 1,500 communities, including those in Franklin Coun-ty. Thanks to the Franklin County Head Start, countless children and their families in our area have been empowered to reach their full potential. 
As of 2013, more than 31 million preschool 
aged children have participated in Head Start. The continued success of the Head Start Pro-gram has been made possible by the dedi-cated staff and community members like those in Franklin County, who have put an inspiring amount of work into growing and improving its positive impact. 
I am privileged to congratulate the National 
Head Start Association for achieving 50 years of service and to highlight the Franklin County Head Start Program for its commitment to im-proving the greater Chambersburg area. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 100TH AN-
NIVERSARY OF THE PLYMOUTH PHILHARMONIC ORCHESTRA 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 2, 2015 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the Plymouth Philharmonic Orches-tra’s contributions as a major cultural influence 
in Southeastern Massachusetts for over one hundred years. 
Established in 1913 and pausing only for 
World War II, the Plymouth Philharmonic Or-chestra is now playing its 100th season. This fully professional orchestra owes its humble beginnings to G. Herbert Clarke, a violin teacher from Kingston. Mr. Clarke served as both conductor and manager of the orchestra until his death in 1932. It was not until 1973 under the conductor and former Boston Sym-phony Orchestra violinist Victor Yampolsky that the orchestra was chartered as a non- profit corporation and began its transition from an amateur to a fully professional orchestra. 
Affectionately known as the Phil, the Plym-
outh Philharmonic Orchestra has inspired America’s Hometown and the greater Massa-chusetts community with its commitment to ar-tistic excellence and music education. It is dedicated to serving the wider community and expanding its repertoire to range from clas-sical to popular music and family-oriented con-certs. 
To celebrate this historic event, Christopher 
Theofanidis, a world-class American sym-phonic composer, wrote a piece specifically for this occasion. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratulating the Plymouth Philharmonic Or-chestra on its 100th anniversary. May this his-toric Massachusetts orchestra continue to flourish for another hundred years. 
f 
CONCERN FOR CRITICAL NA-
TIONAL SECURITY SPACE PRO-GRAMS UNDER A CONTINUING RESOLUTION 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 2, 2015 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to express my concern that funding for critical national security space programs will be disrupted under a continuing resolution. 
Disrupting funding for essential warfighting 
capabilities for space protection, assured ac-cess to space, satellite communications and missile warning will weaken our national secu-rity and risk significant delays in development of these important missions. 
General John Hyten, commander of U.S. Air 
Force Space Command, recently stated that a continuing resolution would delay several new classified and unclassified programs aimed at U.S. space protection. 
He also expressed concern that failure to 
pass a budget would delay the development of a new rocket propulsion system prototype in-tended to end our dependence on the Rus-sian-made RD–180 rocket engine. 
Additionally, due to the uncertainty created 
by the absence of a full-year appropriations bill for the Department of Defense, the Air Force is purportedly prepared to issue stop work orders on two essential satellite commu-nications and missile warning programs under the Space Modernization Initiative (SMI). 
The overall SMI strategy is to invest in cre-
ating trade space for future decisions through investments to sustain or improve existing ca-pabilities by exploring technology alternatives and architectures. These efforts ensure afford-ability, capability and resiliency of our space systems. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Oct 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02OC8.002 E02OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1417 October 2, 2015 
For example, the Wide Field of View 
(WFOV) testbed initiative supports affordability and risk reduction efforts for the nation’s crit-ical overhead missile warning capability. 
Cuts or delays to funding would risk the 
ability for the WFOV initiative to support cur-rent data exploitation efforts and could delay a commercial launch opportunity. A stop work order under a CR places the WFOV effort and other SMI efforts at significant risk despite full support from the Senate Appropriations Com-mittee for the program. 
Unfortunately, our inability to pass a budget 
has created uncertainty that endangers our national security space programs. 
I urge the Department of Defense and the 
Air Force to leverage the funding levels au-thorized by law under a continuing resolution to sustain development of these critical na-tional security space systems. 
f 
HONORING THE GESELL INSTI-
TUTE OF CHILD DEVELOPMENT ON THE OCCASION OF ITS 65TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 2, 2015 
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, it gives me 
great pleasure to rise today to join the New Haven community in extending my heartfelt congratulations to the Gesell Institute of Child Development as they celebrate their 65th An-niversary—a remarkable milestone for this wonderful organization! 
Dr. Arnold Gesell, a professor at Yale Uni-
versity at the turn of the 20th Century, was a pioneer in the study of early childhood devel-opment. Founder of what today is the nation-ally renowned Yale Child Study Center, he dedicated his life to studying the verbal, motor, social, emotional and cognitive growth of chil-dren. Perhaps best known for his use of the cinematographic technologies that were revo-lutionary for his time to document the develop-mental stages of 10,000 children, Dr. Gesell’s legacy is the extensive archive he created throughout his life-long research that would later enable parents and teachers to better un-derstand children’s ages and stages of devel-opment. 
Dr. Gesell was both a researcher and an 
educator, training physicians, nurses, and re-search scholars alike. In 1950 two of his former students and colleagues, Drs. Frances Ilg and Louise Bates Ames, along with Janet Learned, purchased two properties on Pros-pect Street in New Haven and opened a re-search institute and nursery school aimed at exploring child development through adoles-cence. Named in honor of their mentor and re-spected colleague, the Gesell Institute for Child Development was officially incorporated in March of 1950. In fact, Dr. Gesell served as a research consultant at the Institute until his death in 1961. 
Over the course of its sixty-five year history, 
the Gesell Institute has made several invalu-able contributions to the field of child develop-ment. The Nursery School served as both a training ground for early childhood educators and pediatricians, as well as a basis for some of the earliest research and investigation into school readiness. Perhaps the most enduring of its contributions to the field is the develop-
ment of Gesell Developmental Observation (GDO)—a comprehensive multidimensional assessment system that assists educators, and other professionals in understanding char-acteristics of child behavior in relation to typ-ical growth patterns. One of Dr. Ilg’s most im-portant legacies was the formation of the Na-tional Lecture Staff, a nation-wide network of educators that, today, work together to provide a comprehensive program for staff profes-sional development, in-service trainings, and workshops across the country on how to ad-minister the newly updated Gesell Develop-mental Observation-Revised. 
Sixty-five years later, the Gesell Institute 
continues to be one of the most respected in-stitutions for child development in the nation. Serving as a resource for educators, parents and others as well as an advocate for our young people, it is an extraordinary organiza-tion whose work has touched countless lives and helped to shape how we look at childhood development. I am honored to have this op-portunity to extend my sincere congratulations to everyone at the Gesell Institute as they mark this very special occasion. 
f 
CONGRATULATING LAURETTE 
KITTLER ON HER INDUCTION INTO ST. BENEDICT PRE-PARATORY SCHOOL ALUMNI HALL OF FAME 
HON. MIKE QUIGLEY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 2, 2015 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Mrs. Laurette Kittler, retired Drama Teacher, St. Benedict Preparatory School, on her induction into their Alumni Hall of Fame. 
From the 1950’s to the mid 1990’s, Mrs. 
Laurette Kittler not only taught several genera-tions of St. Benedict High School students, but inspired them to be better people. In teaching drama, Mrs. Kittler was able to marry her love of theater with her love of teaching, and be-cause of this she was able to bring a strong dedication to the classroom. Mrs. Kittler was always willing to put in the extra effort, staying after hours to help her students flourish. Mrs. Kittler played a big part in her students’ lives, instilling them with a dynamism and con-fidence that would help them succeed in their future undertakings. 
Respected by her peers and students alike 
her classrooms were always full of passion and admiration. The hallmark of a great teach-er is the lasting influence they leave on their students, and Mrs. Kittler’s legacy is one of distinction. Mrs. Kittler was described by her former students as, a ‘‘Guiding light’’, ‘‘a strong positive force’’, and ‘‘the best [teacher] I ever had’’. 
The importance of great teachers cannot be 
over stated, and so for her decades of service Mrs. Kittler will be inducted in to the St. Bene-dict’s Alumni Hall of Fame on October 24th. She will also have a scholarship set up in her honor that will be given out to a St. Benedict high school drama student. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud Mrs. Laurette Kittler 
for her invaluable and exemplary leadership to the many students she has taught. I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating Mrs. 
Kittler on an accomplished career and a well- deserved honor. 
f 
IN TRIBUTE TO JUSTICE SHIRLEY 
ABRAHAMSON 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 2, 2015 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Justice Shirley Abrahamson, former Chief Justice of the Wisconsin Supreme Court. After nearly four decades of service on the Wisconsin Supreme Court, Justice Abraham-son will be receiving the National Association of Women Judges’ Joan Dempsey Klein Award next week. This prestigious award hon-ors members of the association who have ‘‘as-sisted women judges to become more pro-ficient in their profession, helped to solve the legal, social and ethical problems associated with the judiciary, and worked to increase the number of women serving as judges.’’ 
A trailblazer for Wisconsin women, Justice 
Abrahamson was first appointed to the Wis-consin Supreme Court by Governor Patrick Lucey in 1976. She served as the only woman on the Court until 1993, and in 1996 she be-came the first female Chief Justice in Wis-consin history. In her time on the Court, Jus-tice Abrahamson has been a true power-house, serving longer than any other justice in Wisconsin history and authoring over 450 ma-jority opinions. Those who know her best de-scribe her not only as tough as nails, but also as a deeply kind and compassionate person. 
In her long and distinguished career, Justice 
Abrahamson has received countless honors. She serves as an elected fellow of the Amer-ican Academy of Arts and Sciences and was elected by her peers as both President of the Conference of Chief Justices and Chair of the Board of Directors of the National Center of State Courts, a testament to her judicial acu-men. Justice Abrahamson is a past president of the National Conference of Chief Justices and past chair of the board of directors of the National Center for State Courts. She also has served as chair of the National Institute of Jus-tice’s National Commission on the Future of DNA Evidence. She is a member of the Coun-cil of the American Law Institute and the New York University School of Law Institute of Judi-cial Administration. 
The daughter of immigrants, Justice 
Abrahamson was born Shirley Schlanger in New York City. She grew up across the street from her family’s grocery store, dreaming from the age of five of becoming a lawyer. After re-ceiving her bachelor’s degree from New York University, she achieved this dream when she earned her J.D. with high distinction from Indi-ana University Law School in 1956, one of just two women in her class. She then moved to Madison, Wisconsin where she practiced law for 14 years and taught law at both the Uni-versity of Wisconsin Madison and my alma mater, Marquette University. Over the course of her career, she has received 15 honorary Doctor of Law degrees as well as the Distin-guished Alumni Award from UW-Madison. Jus-tice Abrahamson has been married to her hus-band Seymour for over fifty years, and they have one son, Daniel. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Oct 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02OC8.006 E02OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1418 October 2, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Justice 
Shirley Abrahamson and congratulate her for being this year’s recipient of the Joan Dempsey Klein Award. The citizens of the state of Wisconsin are privileged to have someone of her intellect and commitment to public service working on their behalf for so many years. Justice Abrahamson, I thank you for all that you have done. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RANDY NEUGEBAUER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 2, 2015 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I was not 
able to be present for a vote on September 10, 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted: On Roll Call No. 491, I would have voted AYE. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BRIGADIER GENERAL 
HAROLD H. DUNWOODY 
HON. TOM REED 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 2, 2015 
Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize the life and service of Brigadier Gen-eral Harold H. Dunwoody, who passed away last month at the age of 96. 
General Dunwoody was a longtime resident 
of Randolph, New York. He graduated from the United States Military Academy at West Point in 1943 and served in the U.S. Army for 31 years. During his distinguished career, he fought in World War II, the Korean War, and the Vietnam War. In recognition of his exem-plary service to our country, General Dunwoody was awarded numerous medals and commendations, including the Purple Heart, Silver Star, and Distinguished Service Cross. 
General Dunwoody hails from a family that 
has proudly served our country for genera-tions. From the Revolutionary War to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, the Dunwoody family has fought to preserve our freedom in virtually every armed conflict in our nation’s history. This commitment to service was carried on by Mr. Dunwoody’s children: his daughter Ann Dunwoody became the first woman to achieve the rank of four-star general in the United States military; his daughter Susan Schoeck became a helicopter pilot in the Army; his son Harold Dunwoody, Jr. graduated from West Point and achieved the rank of first lieutenant in the Army. 
General Dunwoody dedicated his life to 
serving our country. He leaves behind a proud legacy of military service, which will have a positive impact for generations to come. I ask all of my colleagues to join me in honoring and remembering the life of this great Amer-ican. HONORING ALBERTUS MAGNUS 
COLLEGE ON THE OCCASION OF ITS 90TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 2, 2015 
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, it is with great 
pleasure that I rise today to join the New Haven community in extending my heartfelt congratulations to President Julia McNamara and the entire Albertus Magnus family as they mark the 90th Anniversary of Albertus Magnus College. What a remarkable milestone for this outstanding institution of learning! 
In 1924, the Dominican Sisters of Saint 
Mary of the Springs, who are now known as the Dominican Sisters of Peace, purchased an estate in New Haven, Connecticut, in an effort to found a women’s college. A charter was signed on July 13, 1925 and the first classes were held on September 24th of that year. Named for St. Albert the Great—Albertus Magnus—the 13th century bishop, theologian and scholar described by a contemporary as a man ‘‘so superior in every science that he can fittingly be called the wonder and miracle of our time,’’ it was the first Catholic, liberal arts, residential college for women in New England and remained such for its first 60 years. 
Julia McNamara, the current President of 
Albertus, having served in that role since 1982, has guided the College through a myr-iad of transitions which have expanded the in-stitution in countless ways. Albertus became coeducational in 1985 and today boasts an enrollment of 1,550 students. Albertus offers its students a wide-range of programs and services. They currently have 550 students enrolled in the traditional undergraduate pro-gram; 720 in accelerated undergraduate pro-grams for working adults; and 280 in graduate degree programs, including the only Master of Arts in Art Therapy degree in the state of Con-necticut. At this past spring’s commencement ceremony Albertus Magnus College conferred 537 degrees. 
Ahead of its time, in the 1970’s Albertus 
Magnus recognized the need for continuing education for working adults. They created a program called ‘‘Begin Again’’ for women who had started college but never completed a de-gree. In 1985 ‘‘Begin Again’’ became the inspi-ration for a broader, accelerated evening pro-gram serving working adults; evening pro-grams expanded again in 1994 with the addi-tion of business-focused offerings. In 1992 Albertus offered its first graduate degree pro-gram: the Master of Arts in Liberal Studies; today there are 10 graduate programs, rang-ing from accounting to human services and criminal justice, from leadership to writing and education. The College has awarded 2,848 master’s degrees. Albertus is also dedicated to assisting our community’s veterans in their pursuit of higher education. A participant in the Post 9/11 G.I. Bill Yellow Ribbon Program, Albertus works closely with veterans to help them succeed in accelerated programs. There are Veterans Centers on the New Haven and East Hartford campuses and the Albertus Stu-dent Veterans Association is an approved chapter of Student Veterans of America. 
Among its 14,255 alumni, Albertus Magnus 
can claim the first woman named to the Fed-eral bench in Connecticut; the first woman ap-pointed to the trial court in Connecticut; an 
eight-term member of the United States House of Representatives, a Secretary of the United States Department of Health and Human Services and a United States Ambassador to Ireland; the first woman vice president at Mer-rill Lynch; and a pioneering pediatric cardiolo-gist whose research has saved countless young lives. On a personal note, I have fond memories of the year I spent teaching Inter-national Politics at Albertus—it was a learning experience for me as well as the students! 
Over the course of the last 90 years, 
Albertus Magnus College has helped thou-sands of students realize their dreams through higher education. By providing both traditional and non-traditional programs and services, Albertus has opened the doors of opportunity to their students and enabled them to pursue their career goals. I am honored to have this opportunity to stand to extend my heartfelt congratulations to Albertus Magnus College, President Julia McNamara, students, alumnae, faculty and staff as they mark this very special occasion. Happy 90th Anniversary and best wishes for many more years of success! 
f 
IN HONOR OF LONE STAR COL-
LEGE MONTGOMERY’S 20 YEARS OF SERVICE 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 2, 2015 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I stand 
to recognize Lone Star College-Montgomery for 20 years of turning today’s students into to-morrow’s leaders. From opening day in 1995, this Montgomery County college has been changing lives and enriching our community on its beautiful 210 acre campus amid the tall Texas pines. 
LSC-Montgomery has come a long way 
from 1991 when Conroe Independent School District voters approved joining the Lone Star College System. Enrollment for the inaugural fall 1995 semester was approximately 3,200 students. Today, the college is educating four times that number and growing. 
The rich history of this college starts before 
it even opened the doors of opportunity to stu-dents throughout Montgomery County. It began with the vision of community leaders like George Mitchell, Dan Hauser, Jon Weisner, Mary Matteson and a host of others who stood as champions, working to gain community support and ultimately the passage of the bond referendum to build the college. 
As the Chamber of the Commerce President 
I had the privilege of working with local lead-ers to establish the Community College in Montgomery County and as a State Legislator secured $6 million to fund the startup of the campus. 
The commitment of higher education lead-
ers such as former North Harris Community College Chancellor John Pickelman and Mont-gomery College founding President Dr. Bill Law saw the college through its construction at its current location—a crossroads of east and west, of north and south. 
Montgomery College presidents would con-
tinue to build upon the early legacy of the school. Dr. Tom Butler oversaw the addition of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Oct 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02OC8.009 E02OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1419 October 2, 2015 
a new 72,000 square foot library and class-
room building. New programs were added along with expansion of the school’s nursing program including a registered nurse program. 
In 2008, Montgomery College became Lone 
Star College-Montgomery. The name had changed but the dedication to students con-tinues. 
Dr. Austin Lane’s leadership saw the cam-
pus through continued rapid growth and its most significant expansion including three new campus buildings and construction of the Con-roe Center. 
Today, under Dr. Rebecca Riley’s leader-
ship, the college offers over 13,000 students the opportunity to pursue 40 different career programs as well as academic transfer class-
es in a variety of disciplines. On the Lone Star College-Montgomery campus, students can pursue bachelors, masters and specialized de-grees that give them a start on a bright future. 
The past has been exciting, but the future is 
even more so. 
The construction of a new Student Services 
building and a state-of-the-art lab building, ex-pansion of the workforce programs space at LSC-Conroe Center, and a new satellite cen-ter in the rapid-growth area of Magnolia point toward a bright future for LSC-Montgomery. 
And I look forward to LSC-Montgomery add-
ing to its multiple honors including being named a ‘‘Showcase College’’ by the Consor-tium for Community College Development, a 
‘‘Best Practice’’ college by the MetLife Foun-dation, a ‘‘Hometown Hero’’ by The Wood-lands Development Company and the pres-tigious ‘‘Drum Major Award’’ sponsored by the Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Cele-bration. And finally, being named to the Presi-dent’s Higher Education Community Service Honor Roll, the highest federal recognition a college can receive for its commitment to vol-unteering, service-learning, and civic engage-ment. 
These achievements and more will be cele-
brated Saturday, October 3, 2015 as a new campus space is dedicated in Maverick Square. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Oct 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02OC8.013 E02OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1049 Friday, October 2, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-
journed until 4 p.m., on Monday, October 5, 2015. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 3 public 
bills, H.R. 3681–3682; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 460, were introduced.
                                             Page H6792 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H6792 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Thornberry to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H6791 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the 
Guest Chaplain, Reverend Cara Spaccarelli, Christ Church, Washington, DC.
                                    Page H6791 
Commission on Care—Minority Leader Appoint-ment: The Chair announced the Minority Leader’s 
reappointment of the following individual on the part of the House to the Commission on Care: Ms. Charlene Taylor, Elk Grove, California.
         Page H6791 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 2 p.m. on Monday, October 5th, and that the order of the House of January 6, 2015, regarding morning-hour debate not apply on that day. 
                                                                                            Page H6792 Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on page 6791. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yea-and-nay 
votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 1 p.m. and ad-
journed at 1:04 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, 
OCTOBER 5, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise scheduled) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Oct 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02OC5.REC D02OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1050 October 2, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
4 p.m., Monday, October 5 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond one hour), Senate will begin consideration of the nomination of Dale A. Drozd, of California, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of California, with a vote on con-firmation thereon, at approximately 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
2 p.m., Monday, October 5 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: House will meet in pro forma 
session at 2 p.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Brady, Kevin, Tex., E1418 
DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E1415, E1417, E1418 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1415 Keating, William R., Mass., E1416 
Lieu, Ted, Calif., E1416 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E1417 Neugebauer, Randy, Tex., E1418 Quigley, Mike, Ill., E1417 Reed, Tom, N.Y., E1418 
Ross, Dennis A., Fla., E1416 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E1416 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Oct 03, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D02OC5.REC D02OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST