Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H859 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 2015 No. 21 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 1 p.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. H
ARRIS ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
February 9, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable A NDYHAR-
RISto act as Speaker pro tempore on this 
day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Gracious God, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. 
In this Chamber, where the people’s 
House gathers, we pause to offer You gratitude for the gift of this good land on which we live, for this great Nation which You have inspired in developing over so many years. Continue to in-spire the American people that through the difficulties of these days we might keep liberty and justice alive in our Nation and in the world. 
Give to us and all people a vivid 
sense of Your presence, that we may learn to understand each other, to re-spect each other, to work with each other, to live with each other, and to do good to each other. So shall we make our Nation great in goodness, and good in its greatness. 
On this day we also ask Your blessing 
of peace and consolation upon the fam-ily of Representative A
LAN NUNNELEE  
of the First District of Mississippi, who is being laid to rest this day. Bless as well the Members of this House, his staff, and all who mourn him. May he rest in peace. May all that is done this day be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, February 3, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representa-
tives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on February 3, 2015 at 11:07 a.m.: 
Appointment: National Council on Disability. With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON THE EVENTS SURROUNDING THE 2012 TERRORIST ATTACK IN BENGHAZI 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to section 4(a) of House Resolution 5, 114th Congress, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Members to the Select Committee on the Events Sur-rounding the 2012 Terrorist Attack in Benghazi: 
Mr. C
UMMINGS , Maryland 
Mr. S MITH, Washington 
Mr. S CHIFF , California 
Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ , California 
Ms. D UCKWORTH , Illinois 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
clause 5(d) of rule XX, the Chair an-nounces to the House that, in light of the passing of the gentleman from the State of Mississippi, Mr. N
UNNELEE , the 
whole number of the House is 433. 
f 
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE 
RULES 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON HOUSE  
ADMINISTRATION FOR THE 114TH CONGRESS  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON HOUSE ADMINISTRATION , 
Washington, DC, February 6, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR SPEAKER BOEHNER : Pursuant to 
clause 2(a)(2) of House Rule XI, I hereby sub-mit the Rules of the Committee on House Administration for publication in the Con-gressional Record. The Rules were adopted by the Committee in its organizational meeting. 
Sincerely, 
C
ANDICE S. M ILLER , 
Chairman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09FE7.000 H09FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H860 February 9, 2015 
RULE NO . 1 
GENERAL PROVISIONS  
(a) The Rules of the House are the rules of 
the Committee so far as applicable, except that a motion to recess from day to day is a privileged motion in the Committee. 
(b) The Committee is authorized at any 
time to conduct such investigations and studies as it may consider necessary or ap-propriate in the exercise of its responsibil-ities under House Rule X and, subject to the adoption of expense resolutions as required by House Rule X, clause 6, to incur expenses (including travel expenses) in connection therewith. 
(c) The Committee is authorized to have 
printed and bound testimony and other data presented at hearings held by the Com-mittee, and to make such information avail-able to the public. All costs of stenographic services and transcripts in connection with any meeting or hearing of the Committee shall be paid from the appropriate House ac-count. 
(d) The Committee shall submit to the 
House, not later than January 2 of each odd- numbered year, a report on the activities of the committee under House Rules X and XI. 
(e) The Committee’s rules shall be made 
publicly available in electronic form and published in the Congressional Record not later than 30 days after the Committee is elected in each odd-numbered year. 
RULE NO . 2 
REGULAR AND SPECIAL MEETINGS  
(a) The regular meeting date of the Com-
mittee on House Administration shall be the second Wednesday of every month when the 
House is in session in accordance with Clause 2(b) of House Rule XI. If the House is not in session on the second Wednesday of a month, the regular meeting date shall be the third Wednesday of that month. Additional meet-ings may be called by the Chair of the Com-mittee as she or he may deem necessary or at the request of a majority of the members of the Committee in accordance with Clause 2(c) of House Rule XI. The determination of the business to be considered at each meet-ing shall be made by the Chair subject to Clause 2(c) of House Rule XI. A regularly scheduled meeting may be dispensed with if, in the judgment of the Chair, there is no need for the meeting. 
(b) If the Chair is not present at any meet-
ing of the Committee, the ranking member of the majority party who is present shall preside at the meeting. 
(c) The Chair, in the case of meetings to be 
conducted by the Committee shall make public announcement of the date, place, and subject matter of any meeting to be con-ducted on any measure or matter. Such meeting shall not commence earlier than the third day on which members have notice thereof. If the Chair, with the concurrence of the ranking minority member, determines that there is good cause to begin the meeting sooner, or if the Committee so determines by majority vote, a quorum being present, the Chair shall make the announcement at the earliest possible date. The announcement shall promptly be made publicly available in electronic form and published in the Daily Digest. 
(d) The Chair, in the case of meetings to be 
conducted by the Committee shall make available on the Committee’s web site the text of any legislation to be marked up at a meeting at least 24 hours before such meet-ing (or at the time of an announcement made within 24 hours of such meeting). This re-quirement shall also apply to any resolution or regulation to be considered at a meeting. 
RULE NO . 3 
OPEN MEETINGS  
As required by Clause 2(g), of House Rule 
XI, each meeting for the transaction of busi-ness, including the markup of legislation of 
the Committee shall be open to the public except when the Committee in open session and with a quorum present determines by record vote that all or part of the remainder of the meeting on that day shall be closed to the public because disclosure of matters to be considered would endanger national secu-rity, would compromise sensitive law en-forcement information, or would tend to de-fame, degrade or incriminate any person, or otherwise would violate any law or rule of the House. Provided, however, that no person other than members of the Committee, and such congressional staff and such other per-sons as the Committee may authorize, shall be present in any business or markup session which has been closed to the public. To the maximum extent practicable, the Chair shall cause to be provided audio and video cov-erage of each hearing or meeting that allows the public to easily listen to and view the proceedings and maintain the recordings of such coverage in a manner that is easily ac-cessible to the public. 
RULE NO . 4 
RECORDS AND ROLLCALLS  
(a)(1) A record vote shall be held if re-
quested by any member of the Committee. 
(2) The result of each record vote in any 
meeting of the Committee shall be made available for inspection by the public at rea-sonable times at the Committee offices, in-cluding a description of the amendment, mo-tion, order or other proposition; the name of each member voting for and against; and the members present but not voting. 
(3) The Chairman shall make the record of 
the votes on any question on which a record vote is demanded available on the Commit-tee’s website not later than 48 hours after such vote is taken (excluding Saturdays, Sundays, and legal holidays). Such record shall include a description of the amend-ment, motion, order, or other proposition, the name of each member voting for and 
each member voting against such amend-ment, motion, order, or proposition, and the names of those members of the Committee present but not voting. 
(4) The Chairman shall make available on 
the Committee’s website not later than 24 hours (excluding Saturdays, Sundays, and legal holidays) after the adoption of any amendment to a measure or matter the text of such amendment. (b)(1) Subject to sub-paragraph (2), the Chairman may postpone further proceedings when a record vote is or-dered on the question of approving any meas-ure or matter or adopting an amendment. The Chair may resume proceedings on a postponed request at any time. 
(2) In exercising postponement authority 
under subparagraph (1), the Chairman shall take all reasonable steps necessary to notify members on the resumption of proceedings on any postponed record vote. 
(3) When proceedings resume on a post-
poned question, notwithstanding any inter-vening order for the previous question, an underlying proposition shall remain subject to further debate or amendment to the same extent as when the question was postponed. 
(c) All Committee hearings, records, data, 
charts, and files shall be kept separate and distinct from the congressional office records of the member serving as Chair; and such records shall be the property of the House and all members of the House shall have access thereto. 
(d) House records of the Committee which 
are at the National Archives shall be made available pursuant to House Rule VII. The Chairman shall notify the ranking minority member of any decision to withhold a record pursuant to the rule, and shall present the matter to the Committee upon written re-quest of any Committee member. (e) To the maximum extent feasible, the 
Committee shall make its publications avail-able in electronic form. 
RULE NO . 5 
PROXIES  
No vote by any member in the Committee 
may be cast by proxy. 
RULE NO . 6 
POWER TO SIT AND ACT ; SUBPOENA POWER  
(a) For the purpose of carrying out any of 
its functions and duties under House Rules X and XI, the Committee is authorized (subject to subparagraph (b)(1) of this paragraph)— 
(1) to sit and act at such times and places 
within the United States, whether the House is in session, has recessed, or has adjourned, and to hold such hearings; and 
(2) to require, by subpoena or otherwise, 
the attendance and testimony of such wit-nesses and the production of such books, records, correspondence, memorandums, pa-pers, documents and other materials as it deems necessary, including materials in elec-tronic form. The Chair, or any member des-ignated by the Chair, may administer oaths to any witness. 
(b)(1) A subpoena may be authorized and 
issued by the Committee in the conduct of any investigation or series of investigations or activities, only when authorized by a ma-jority of the members voting, a majority being present. The power to authorize and issue subpoenas under subparagraph (a)(2) may be delegated to the Chair pursuant to such rules and under such limitations as the Committee may prescribe. Authorized sub-poenas shall be signed by the Chair or by any member designated by the Committee, and may be served by any person designated by the Chair or such member. 
(2) Compliance with any subpoena issued 
by the Committee may be enforced only as authorized or directed by the House. 
RULE NO . 7 
QUORUMS  
No measure or recommendation shall be 
reported to the House unless a majority of the Committee is actually present. For the purposes of taking any action other than re-porting any measure, issuance of a subpoena, closing meetings, promulgating Committee orders, or changing the rules of the Com-mittee, one-third of the members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum. For purposes of taking testimony and receiving evidence, two members shall constitute a quorum. 
RULE NO . 8 
AMENDMENTS  
Any amendment offered to any pending 
legislation before the Committee must be made available in written form when re-quested by any member of the Committee. If such amendment is not available in written form when requested, the Chair will allow an appropriate period of time for the provision thereof. 
RULE NO . 9 
HEARING PROCEDURES  
(a) The Chair, in the case of hearings to be 
conducted by the Committee shall make public announcement of the date, place, and subject matter of any hearing to be con-ducted on any measure or matter at least one (1) week before the commencement of that hearing. If the Chair, with the concur-rence of the ranking minority member, de-termines that there is good cause to begin the hearing sooner, or if the Committee so determines by majority vote, a quorum being present, the Chair shall make the announce-ment at the earliest possible date. The clerk of the Committee shall promptly notify the Daily Digest Clerk of the Congressional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09FE7.003 H09FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H861 February 9, 2015 
Record as soon as possible after such public 
announcement is made. 
(b) Unless excused by the Chair, each wit-
ness who is to appear before the Committee shall file with the clerk of the Committee, at least 48 hours in advance of his or her ap-
pearance, a written statement of his or her proposed testimony and shall limit his or her oral presentation to a summary of his or her statement. 
(c) When any hearing is conducted by the 
Committee upon any measure or matter, the minority party members on the Committee shall be entitled, upon request to the Chair by a majority of those minority members be-fore the completion of such hearing, to call witnesses selected by the minority to testify with respect to that measure or matter dur-ing at least one day of hearings thereon. 
(d) Reserved. (e) Committee members may question wit-
nesses only when they have been recognized by the Chair for that purpose, and only for a 5–minute period until all members present have had an opportunity to question a wit-ness. The 5–minute period for questioning a witness by any one member can be extended as provided by House Rules. The questioning of a witness in Committee hearings shall be initiated by the Chair, followed by the rank-ing minority member and all other members alternating between the majority and minor-ity. In recognizing members to question wit-nesses in this fashion, the Chair shall take into consideration the ratio of the majority to minority members present and shall es-tablish the order of recognition for ques-tioning in such a manner as not to disadvan-tage the members of the majority. The Chair may accomplish this by recognizing two ma-jority members for each minority member recognized. 
(f) The following additional rules shall 
apply to hearings of the Committee as appli-cable: 
(1) The Chair at a hearing shall announce 
in an opening statement the subject of the investigation. 
(2) A copy of the Committee rules and this 
clause shall be made available to each wit-ness as provided by clause 2(k)(2) of Rule XI. 
(3) Witnesses at hearings may be accom-
panied by their own counsel for the purpose of advising them concerning their constitu-tional rights. 
(4) The Chair may punish breaches of order 
and decorum, and of professional ethics on the part of counsel, by censure and exclusion from the hearings; and the Committee may cite the offender to the House for contempt. 
(5) If the Committee determines that evi-
dence or testimony at a hearing may tend to defame, degrade, or incriminate any person, it shall— 
(A) afford such person an opportunity vol-
untarily to appear as a witness; 
(B) receive such evidence or testimony in 
executive session; and 
(C) receive and dispose of requests from 
such person to subpoena additional wit-nesses. 
(6) Except as provided in subparagraph 
(f)(5), the Chair shall receive and the Com-mittee shall dispose of requests to subpoena additional witnesses. 
(7) No evidence or testimony taken in exec-
utive session may be released or used in pub-lic sessions without the consent of the Com-mittee. 
(8) In the discretion of the Committee, wit-
nesses may submit brief and pertinent sworn statements in writing for inclusion in the record. The Committee is the sole judge of the pertinence of testimony and evidence ad-duced at its hearing. 
(9) A witness may obtain a transcript copy 
of his testimony given at a public session or, if given at an executive session, when au-thorized by the Committee. RULE NO . 10 
PROCEDURES FOR REPORTING MEASURES OR  
MATTERS  
(a)(1) It shall be the duty of the Chair to 
report or cause to be reported promptly to the House any measure approved by the Committee and to take or cause to be taken necessary steps to bring the matter to a vote. 
(2) In any event, the report of the Com-
mittee on a measure which has been ap-proved by the Committee shall be filed with-in 7 calendar days (exclusive of days on which the House is not in session) after the day on which there has been filed with the clerk of the Committee a written request, signed by a majority of the members of the Committee, for the reporting of that meas-ure. Upon the filing of any such request, the clerk of the Committee shall transmit imme-diately to the Chair notice of the filing of that request. 
(b)(1) No measure or recommendation shall 
be reported to the House unless a majority of the Committee is actually present. 
(2) With respect to each record vote on a 
motion to report any measure or matter of a public character, and on any amendment of-fered to the measure or matter, the total number of votes cast for and against, and the names of those members voting for and against, shall be included in the Committee report on the measure or matter. 
(c) The report of the Committee on a meas-
ure or matter which has been approved by the Committee shall include the matters re-quired by Clause 3(c) of Rule XIII of the Rules of the House. 
(d) If, at the time any measure or matter 
is ordered reported by the Committee, any member of the Committee gives notice of in-tention to file supplemental, minority, addi-tional, or dissenting views, that member shall be entitled to not less than two addi-tional calendar days after the day of such notice, commencing on the day on which the measure or matter(s) was approved, exclud-ing Saturdays, Sundays, and legal holidays, in which to file such views, in writing and signed by that member, with the clerk of the Committee. All such views so filed by one or more members of the Committee shall be in-cluded within, and shall be a part of, the re-port filed by the Committee with respect to that measure or matter. The report of the Committee upon that measure or matter shall be printed in a single volume which— 
(1) shall include all supplemental, minor-
ity, additional or dissenting views, in the form submitted, by the time of the filing of the report, and 
(2) shall bear upon its cover a recital that 
any such supplemental, minority, additional, or dissenting views (and any material sub-mitted under subparagraph (c)) are included as part of the report. This subparagraph does not preclude— 
(A) the immediate filing or printing of a 
Committee report unless timely request for the opportunity to file supplemental, minor-ity, additional, or dissenting views has been made as provided by paragraph (c); or 
(B) the filing of any supplemental report 
upon any measure or matter which may be required for the correction of any technical error in a previous report made by the Com-mittee upon that measure or matter. 
(3) shall, when appropriate, contain the 
documents required by Clause 3(e) of Rule XIII of the Rules of the House. 
(e) The Chair, following consultation with 
the ranking minority member, is directed to offer a motion under clause 1 of Rule XXII of the Rules of the House, relating to going to conference with the Senate, whenever the Chair considers it appropriate. 
(f) If hearings have been held on any such 
measure or matter so reported, the Com-mittee shall make every reasonable effort to 
have such hearings published and available to the members of the House prior to the consideration of such measure or matter in the House. 
(g) The Chair may designate any majority 
member of the Committee to act as ‘‘floor manager’’ of a bill or resolution during its consideration in the House. 
RULE NO . 11 
COMMITTEE OVERSIGHT  
The Committee shall conduct oversight of 
matters within the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee in accordance with House Rule X, clause 2 and clause 4. Not later than Feb-ruary 15 of the first session of a Congress, the Committee shall, in a meeting that is open to the public and with a quorum present, adopt its oversight plan for that Congress in accordance with House Rule X, clause 2(d). 
RULE NO . 12 
REVIEW OF CONTINUING PROGRAMS ; BUDGET ACT  
PROVISIONS  
(a) The Committee shall, in its consider-
ation of all bills and joint resolutions of a public character within its jurisdiction, en-sure that appropriation for continuing pro-grams and activities of the Federal Govern-ment will be made annually to the maximum extent feasible and consistent with the na-ture, requirement, and objectives of the pro-grams and activities involved. For the pur-poses of this paragraph a Government agen-cy includes the organizational units of gov-ernment listed in Clause 4(e) of Rule X of House Rules. 
(b) The Committee shall review, from time 
to time, each continuing program within its jurisdiction for which appropriations are not made annually in order to ascertain whether such program could be modified so that ap-propriations therefore would be made annu-ally. 
(c) The Committee shall, on or before Feb-
ruary 25 of each year, submit to the Com-mittee on the Budget (1) its views and esti-mates with respect to all matters to be set forth in the concurrent resolution on the budget for the ensuing fiscal year which are within its jurisdiction or functions, and (2) an estimate of the total amounts of new budget authority, and budget outlays result-ing there from, to be provided or authorized in all bills and resolutions within its juris-diction which it intends to be effective dur-ing that fiscal year. 
(d) As soon as practicable after a concur-
rent resolution on the budget for any fiscal year is agreed to, the Committee (after con-
sulting with the appropriate committee or committees of the Senate) shall subdivide any allocation made to it in the joint explan-atory statement accompanying the con-ference report on such resolution, and promptly report such subdivisions to the House, in the manner provided by section 302 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. 
(e) Whenever the Committee is directed in 
a concurrent resolution on the budget to de-termine and recommend changes in laws, bills, or resolutions under the reconciliation process it shall promptly make such deter-mination and recommendations, and report a reconciliation bill or resolution (or both) to the House or submit such recommendations to the Committee on the Budget, in accord-ance with the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. 
RULE NO . 13 
BROADCASTING OF COMMITTEE HEARINGS AND  
MEETINGS  
Whenever any hearing or meeting con-
ducted by the Committee is open to the pub-lic, those proceedings shall be open to cov-erage by television, radio, and still photog-raphy, as provided in Clause 4 of House Rule 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:45 Feb 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09FE7.004 H09FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H862 February 9, 2015 
XI, subject to the limitations therein. Oper-
ation and use of any Committee Internet broadcast system shall be fair and non-partisan and in accordance with Clause 4(b) of rule XI and all other applicable rules of the Committee and the House. 
RULE NO . 14 
COMMITTEE STAFF  
The staff of the Committee on House Ad-
ministration shall be appointed as follows: 
(a) The staff shall be appointed by the 
Chair except as provided in paragraph (b), and may be removed by the Chair, and shall work under the general supervision and di-rection of the Chair; 
(b) All staff provided to the minority party 
members of the Committee shall be ap-pointed by the ranking minority member, and may be removed by the ranking minor-ity member of the Committee, and shall work under the general supervision and di-rection of such member; 
(c) The appointment of all professional 
staff shall be subject to the approval of the Committee as provided by, and subject to the provisions of, clause 9 of Rule X of the Rules of the House; 
(d) The Chair shall fix the compensation of 
all staff of the Committee, after consulta-tion with the ranking minority member re-garding any minority party staff, within the budget approved for such purposes for the Committee. 
RULE NO . 15 
TRAVEL OF MEMBERS AND STAFF  
(a) Consistent with the primary expense 
resolution and such additional expense reso-lutions as may have been approved, the pro-visions of this rule shall govern travel of Committee members and staff. Travel for any member or any staff member shall be paid only upon the prior authorization of the Chair or her or his designee. Travel may be authorized by the Chair for any member and any staff member in connection with the at-tendance at hearings conducted by the Com-mittee and meetings, conferences, and inves-tigations which involve activities or subject matter under the general jurisdiction of the Committee. Before such authorization is given there shall be submitted to the Chair in writing the following: 
(1) The purpose of the travel; (2) The dates during which the travel will 
occur; 
(3) The locations to be visited and the 
length of time to be spent in each; and 
(4) The names of members and staff seek-
ing authorization. 
(b)(1) In the case of travel outside the 
United States of members and staff of the Committee for the purpose of conducting hearings, investigations, studies, or attend-ing meetings and conferences involving ac-tivities or subject matter under the legisla-tive assignment of the committee, prior au-thorization must be obtained from the Chair. Before such authorization is given, there shall be submitted to the Chair, in writing, a request for such authorization. Each request, which shall be filed in a manner that allows for a reasonable period of time for review be-fore such travel is scheduled to begin, shall include the following: 
(A) the purpose of the travel; (B) the dates during which the travel will 
occur; 
(C) the names of the countries to be visited 
and the length of time to be spent in each; 
(D) an agenda of anticipated activities for 
each country for which travel is authorized together with a description of the purpose to be served and the areas of committee juris-diction involved; and 
(E) the names of members and staff for 
whom authorization is sought. (2) At the conclusion of any hearing, inves-
tigation, study, meeting or conference for which travel outside the United States has been authorized pursuant to this rule, mem-bers and staff attending meetings or con-ferences shall submit a written report to the Chair covering the activities and other perti-nent observations or information gained as a result of such travel. 
(c) Members and staff of the Committee 
performing authorized travel on official busi-ness shall be governed by applicable laws, resolutions, or regulations of the House and of the Committee on House Administration pertaining to such travel. 
RULE NO . 16 
Reserved. 
RULE NO . 17 
Reserved. 
RULE NO . 18 
OTHER PROCEDURES AND REGULATIONS  
The Chair may establish such other proce-
dures and take such actions as may be nec-essary to carry out the foregoing rules or to facilitate the effective operation of the com-mittee. 
RULE NO . 19 
DESIGNATION OF CLERK OF THE COMMITTEE  
For the purposes of these rules and the 
Rules of the House of Representatives, the staff director of the Committee shall act as the clerk of the Committee. 
f 
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE 
RULES 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND  
GOVERNMENT REFORM FOR THE 114TH CONGRESS  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , 
Washington, DC, February 5, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives, Wash-
ington, DC. 
DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to clause 
2(a)(2) of House Rule XI, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform adopted its rules for the 114th Congress on January 27, 2015, and I submit them now for publica-tion in the Congressional Record. 
Sincerely, 
J
ASON CHAFFETZ , 
Chairman. 
RULE 1 —APPLICATION OF RULES  
Except where the terms ‘‘full committee’’ 
and ‘‘subcommittee’’ are specifically referred to, the following rules shall apply to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and its subcommittees as well as to the respective chairs and ranking minority members. 
RULE 2 —MEETINGS  
The regular meetings of the full committee 
shall be held on the second Thursday of each month at 10 a.m., when the House is in ses-sion. The chairman is authorized to dispense with a regular meeting or to change the date thereof, and to call and convene additional meetings, when circumstances warrant. A special meeting of the committee may be re-quested by members of the committee pursu-ant to the provisions of House Rule XI, clause 2(c)(2). Subcommittees shall meet at the call of the subcommittee chairs. Every member of the committee, unless prevented by unusual circumstances, shall be provided with a memorandum at least three calendar days before each meeting or hearing explain-ing: (1) the purpose of the meeting or hear-ing; and (2) the names, titles, background and reasons for appearance of any witnesses. The ranking minority member shall be re-
sponsible for providing the same information on witnesses whom the minority may re-quest. 
RULE 3 —QUORUMS  
(a) A majority of the members of the com-
mittee shall form a quorum, except that two members shall constitute a quorum for tak-ing testimony and receiving evidence, and one third of the members shall form a quorum for taking any action other than for which the presence of a majority of the com-mittee is otherwise required. If the chairman is not present at any meeting of the com-mittee or subcommittee, the ranking mem-
ber of the majority party on the committee who is present shall preside at that meeting. 
(b) The chairman of the full committee 
may, at the request of a subcommittee chair, make a temporary assignment of any mem-ber of the full committee to such sub-committee for the purpose of constituting a quorum at and participating in any public hearing by such subcommittee to be held outside of Washington, DC. Members ap-pointed to such temporary positions shall not be voting members. The chairman shall give reasonable notice of such temporary as-signment to the ranking minority members of the committee. 
RULE 4 —COMMITTEE REPORTS  
(a) Bills and resolutions approved by the 
full committee shall be reported by the chairman pursuant to House Rule XIII, clauses 2–4. 
(b) A proposed investigative or oversight 
report shall not be considered in the com-mittee unless the proposed report has been available to the members of the committee for at least three calendar days (excluding Saturdays, Sundays, and legal holidays, un-less the House is in session on such days) be-fore consideration of such proposed report in the committee. If hearings have been held on the matter reported upon, every reasonable effort shall be made to have such hearings printed and available to the members of the committee before the consideration of the proposed report in the committee. 
(c) Every investigative or oversight report 
shall be approved by a majority vote of the committee at a meeting at which a quorum is present. If at the time of approval of such a report a member of the committee gives notice of intent to file supplemental, minor-ity, additional, or dissenting views that member shall be entitled to file such views following House Rule XI, clause 2(1) and Rule XIII, clause 3(a)(1). 
(d) Only those investigative or oversight 
reports approved by a majority vote of the committee may be ordered printed, unless otherwise required by the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
RULE 5 —RECORD VOTES  
(a) A record vote of the members may be 
had upon the request of any member upon approval of a one-fifth vote of the members present. 
(b) Pursuant to House Rule XI, clause 2 
(h)(4), the chairman is authorized to post-pone further proceedings when a record vote is ordered on the question of approving a measure or matter or on adopting an amend-ment and to resume proceedings on a post-poned question at any time after reasonable notice. When proceedings resume on a post-poned question, notwithstanding any inter-vening order for the previous question, an underlying proposition shall remain subject to further debate or amendment to the same extent as when the question was postponed. After consultation with the ranking minor-ity member, the chairman shall take reason-able steps to notify members on the resump-tion of proceedings on any postponed record vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09FE7.005 H09FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H863 February 9, 2015 
RULE 6 —SUBCOMMITTEES ; REFERRALS  
(a) There shall be six standing subcommit-
tees with appropriate party ratios. The chairman shall assign members to the sub-committees. Minority party assignments shall be made only with the concurrence of the ranking minority member. The sub-committees shall have the following fixed ju-risdictions: 
(1) The Subcommittee on Government Op-
erations—Legislative and oversight jurisdic-tion over government management and ac-counting measures; the economy, efficiency, and management of government operations and activities; procurement; federal prop-erty; public information, including the Free-dom of Information Act and Federal Advi-sory Committee Act; federal records (includ-ing the National Archives and Records Ad-ministration and the Presidential Records Act); federal civil service; the U.S. Postal Service; the Census Bureau; and the District of Columbia. The Subcommittee also has leg-islative jurisdiction over drug policy and the Office of Information and Regulatory Af-fairs. 
(2) The Subcommittee on National Secu-
rity—Oversight jurisdiction over national se-curity, homeland security, foreign oper-ations, immigration, defense, and criminal justice. 
(3) The Subcommittee on Healthcare, Ben-
efits, and Administrative Rules—Oversight jurisdiction over health care policy, adminis-tration, and programs; regulatory affairs; government-wide rules and regulations; So-cial Security; and the administration and 
solvency of benefit and entitlement pro-grams. 
(4) The Subcommittee on the Interior— 
Oversight jurisdiction over food and drug safety, energy policy, public lands, the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency, and the De-partment of the Interior. 
(5) The Subcommittee on Information 
Technology—Oversight jurisdiction over in-formation security management, cybersecu-rity, information technology policy and pro-curement, emerging technologies, intellec-tual property, telecommunications, and pri-vacy. 
(6) The Subcommittee on Transportation 
and Public Assets—Oversight jurisdiction over federal real property, the General Serv-ices Administration, the Department of Housing and Urban Development, the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency, the Transportation Security Administration, and the Department of Transportation. 
(b) Bills, resolutions, and other matters 
shall be expeditiously referred by the chair-man to subcommittees for consideration or investigation in accordance with their fixed jurisdictions. Where the subject matter of the referral involves the jurisdiction of more than one subcommittee or does not fall with-in any previously assigned jurisdiction, the chairman shall refer the matter as he may deem advisable. Bills, resolutions, and other matters referred to subcommittees may be re-referred or discharged by the chairman when, in his judgment, the subcommittee is not able to complete its work or cannot reach agreement therein. 
(c) The chairman and the ranking minority 
member of the full committee shall be ex officio members of all subcommittees. They are authorized to vote on subcommittee mat-ters; but, unless they are regular members of the subcommittee, they shall not be counted in determining a subcommittee quorum other than a quorum for taking testimony. 
RULE 7 —SUBCOMMITTEE SCHEDULING  
(a) Each subcommittee is authorized to 
meet, hold hearings, receive testimony, mark up legislation, and report to the full committee on any measure or matter re-ferred to it. (b) No subcommittee may meet or hold a 
hearing at the same time as a meeting or hearing of the full committee. 
(c) The chair of each subcommittee shall 
set hearing and meeting dates only with the approval of the full committee chairman with a view toward assuring the availability of meeting rooms and avoiding simultaneous scheduling of committee meetings or hear-ings. 
(d) Each subcommittee chair shall notify 
the chairman of any hearing plans at least two weeks before the date of commencement of the hearings, including the date, place, subject matter, and the names of witnesses, willing and unwilling, who would be called to testify, including, to the extent the chair is advised thereof, witnesses whom the minor-ity members may request. 
RULE 8 —STAFF  
(a) Except as otherwise provided by House 
Rule X, clauses 6, 7 and 9, the chairman of the full committee shall have the authority to hire and discharge employees of the pro-fessional and clerical staff of the committee. 
(b) Except as otherwise provided by House 
Rule X, clauses 6, 7 and 9, the staff of the committee shall be subject to the direction of the chairman of the full committee and shall perform such duties as he or she may assign. 
RULE 9 —HEARINGS  
(a) A committee member may question 
witnesses only when recognized by the chair-man for that purpose. In accordance with House Rule XI, clause 2(j)(2), the five-minute rule shall apply during the questioning of witnesses in a hearing. The chairman shall, so far as practicable, recognize alternately based on seniority of those majority and mi-nority members present at the time the hearing was called to order and others based on their arrival at the hearing. After that, additional time may be extended at the di-rection of the chairman. 
(b) The chairman, or the committee by mo-
tion, may permit a specified number of ma-jority and minority members to question a witness for a specified, total period that is equal for each side and not longer than thir-ty minutes for each side. 
(c) The chairman, or the committee by mo-
tion, may permit committee staff of the ma-jority and minority to question a witness for a specified, total period that is equal for each side and not longer than thirty minutes for each side. 
(d) Nothing in paragraph (b) or (c) affects 
the rights of a member (other than a member designated under paragraph (b)) to question a witness for 5 minutes in accordance with paragraph (a). In any extended questioning permitted under paragraph (b) or (c), the chairman shall determine how to allocate the time permitted for extended questioning by majority members or majority committee staff, and the ranking minority member shall determine how to allocate the time permitted for extended questioning by mi-nority members or minority committee staff. 
(e) Hearings shall be conducted according 
to the procedures in House Rule XI, clause 2(k). All questions put to witnesses before the committee shall be relevant to the sub-ject matter before the Committee for consid-eration, and the chairman shall rule on the relevance of any questions put to the wit-nesses. 
(f) Witnesses appearing before the com-
mittee shall so far as practicable, submit written statements at least 24 hours before their appearance. Witnesses appearing in a non-governmental capacity shall include a curriculum vitae and a disclosure of the amount and source (by agency and program) of each federal grant (or subgrant thereof) or contract (or subcontract thereof), as well as 
the amount and source of payments or con-tracts originating from foreign governments, insofar as they relate to the subject matter of the hearing, received during the current fiscal year or either of the two previous fis-cal years, by the witness or by an entity rep-resented by the witness. 
(g) The chairman or any member des-
ignated by the chairman may administer oaths to any witness before the committee. All witnesses appearing in hearings may be administered the following oath by the chairman or his designee prior to receiving the testimony: ‘‘Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony that you are about to give is the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?’’. 
(h) To the maximum extent practicable, 
amendments to a measure or matter shall be submitted in writing or electronically to the designee of both the chairman and ranking minority member at least 24 hours prior to the consideration of the measure or matter. The chairman may use his discretion to give priority to amendments submitted in ad-vance. 
RULE 10 —COMMITTEE RECORDS , OPEN MEETINGS , 
TRANSPARENCY  
(a) The committee staff shall maintain in 
the committee offices a complete record of committee actions from the current Con-gress including a record of the roll call votes taken at committee business meetings. The original records, or true copies thereof, as appropriate, shall be available for public in-spection whenever the committee offices are open for public business. The staff shall as-sure that such original records are preserved with no unauthorized alteration, additions, or defacement. 
(b) A stenographic record of all testimony 
shall be kept of public hearings and shall be made available on such conditions as the chairman may prescribe. 
(c) Meetings for the transaction of business 
and hearings of the committee shall be open to the public or closed in accordance with the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
(d) The chairman of the full committee 
shall maintain an official website on behalf of the committee for the purpose of fur-thering the committee’s legislative and over-sight responsibilities, including commu-nicating information about the committee’s activities to committee members and other members of the House. To the greatest ex-tent practicable, the chairman shall ensure that committee records are made available on the committee’s official website in appro-priate formats. 
(e) The ranking minority member of the 
full committee is authorized to maintain a similar official website on behalf of the com-mittee minority for the same purpose, in-cluding communicating information about the activities of the minority to committee members and other members of the House. 
RULE 11 —AUDIO AND VISUAL COVERAGE OF  
COMMITTEE PROCEEDINGS  
(a) An open meeting or hearing of the com-
mittee may be covered, in whole or in part, by television broadcast, radio broadcast, internet broadcast, and still photography, unless closed subject to the provisions of House Rules. Any such coverage shall con-form to the provisions of House Rule XI, clause 4. 
(b) Use of the Committee Broadcast Sys-
tem shall be fair and nonpartisan, and in ac-cordance with House Rule XI, clause 4(b), and all other applicable rules of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. Members of the committee shall have prompt access to a copy of coverage by the Committee Broad-cast System, to the extent that such cov-erage is maintained. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:45 Feb 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09FE7.007 H09FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H864 February 9, 2015 
(c) Personnel providing coverage of an 
open meeting or hearing of the committee by internet broadcast, other than through the Committee Broadcast System shall be cur-rently accredited to the Radio and Tele-vision Correspondents’ Galleries. If the Com-mittee Broadcast System is not available, the chairman may, with the concurrence of the ranking minority member, direct staff to provide coverage in a manner that is fair and nonpartisan and in accordance with House Rule XI, clause 4. 
RULE 12 —ADDITIONAL DUTIES OF CHAIRMAN  
The chairman of the full committee shall: 
(a) Make available to other committees 
the findings and recommendations resulting from the investigations of the committee as required by House Rule X, clause 4(c)(2); 
(b) Direct such review and studies on the 
impact or probable impact of tax policies af-fecting subjects within the committee’s ju-risdiction as required by House Rule X, clause 2(c); 
(c) Submit to the Committee on the Budg-
et views and estimates required by House Rule X, clause 4(f), and to file reports with the House as required by the Congressional Budget Act; 
(d) Authorize and issue subpoenas as pro-
vided in House Rule XI, clause 2(m), in the conduct of any investigation or activity or series of investigations or activities within the jurisdiction of the Committee; 
(e) Prepare, after consultation with the 
ranking minority member, a budget for the Committee; 
(f) Make any necessary technical and con-
forming changes to legislation reported by the committee upon unanimous consent; and 
(g) Offer motions under clause 1 of Rule 
XXII of the Rules of the House (motion to re-quest or agree to a conference) whenever the chairman considers it appropriate. 
RULE 13 —CONSIDERATION OF CERTAIN BILLS AND  
RESOLUTIONS  
(a) The determination of the subject mat-
ter of commemorative stamps and new semi- postal issues is properly for consideration by the Postmaster General and the committee will not give consideration to legislative pro-posals specifying the subject matter of com-memorative stamps and new semi-postal issues. It is suggested that recommendations for the subject matter of stamps be sub-mitted to the Postmaster General. 
(b) The consideration of bills designating 
facilities of the United States Postal Service shall be conducted so as to minimize the time spent on such matters by the com-mittee and the House of Representatives. 
(c) The chairman shall not request to have 
scheduled any resolution for consideration under suspension of the Rules, which ex-presses appreciation, commends, congratu-lates, celebrates, recognizes the accomplish-ments of, or celebrates the anniversary of, an entity, event, group, individual, institu-tion, team or government program; or ac-knowledges or recognizes a period of time for such purposes. 
RULE 14 —PANELS AND TASK FORCES  
(a) The chairman of the full committee is 
authorized to appoint panels or task forces to carry out the duties and functions of the committee. 
(b) The chairman and ranking minority 
member of the full committee may serve as ex-officio members of each panel or task force. 
(c) The chairman of any panel or task force 
shall be appointed by the chairman of the full committee. The ranking minority mem-ber of the full committee shall select a rank-ing minority member for each panel or task force. 
(d) The House and committee rules appli-
cable to subcommittee meetings, hearings, recommendations, and reports shall apply to 
the meetings, hearings, recommendations, and reports of panels and task forces. 
(e) No panel or task force so appointed 
shall continue in existence for more than six months. A panel or task force so appointed may, upon the expiration of six months, be reappointed by the chairman. 
RULE 15 —DEPOSITION AUTHORITY  
(a) The chairman of the full committee, 
upon consultation with the ranking minority member of the full committee, may order the taking of depositions, under oath and pursuant to notice or subpoena. 
(b) Notices for the taking of depositions 
shall specify the date, time, and place of ex-amination (if other than within the com-mittee offices). Depositions shall be taken under oath administered by a member or a person otherwise authorized to administer oaths. 
(c) Consultation with the ranking minority 
member shall include three business days no-tice before any deposition is taken. All mem-bers shall also receive three business days notice that a deposition has been scheduled. 
(d) Witnesses may be accompanied at a 
deposition by counsel to advise them of their rights. No one may be present at depositions except members, committee staff designated by the chairman or ranking minority mem-ber of the full committee, an official re-porter, the witness, and the witness’s coun-sel. Observers or counsel for other persons, or for agencies under investigation, may not attend. 
(e) At least one member of the committee 
shall be present at each deposition taken by the committee, unless the witness to be de-posed agrees in writing to waive this require-ment. 
(f) A deposition shall be conducted by any 
member or staff attorney designated by the chairman or ranking minority member. When depositions are conducted by com-mittee staff attorneys, there shall be no more than two committee staff attorneys permitted to question a witness per round. One of the committee staff attorneys shall be designated by the chairman and the other by the ranking minority member. Other committee staff members designated by the chairman or ranking minority member may attend, but may not pose questions to the witness. 
(g) Questions in the deposition shall be 
propounded in rounds, alternating between the majority and minority. A single round shall not exceed 60 minutes per side, unless the members or staff attorneys conducting the deposition agree to a different length of questioning. In each round, a member or committee staff attorney designated by the chairman shall ask questions first, and the member or committee staff attorney des-ignated by the ranking minority member shall ask questions second. 
(h) Any objection made during a deposition 
must be stated concisely and in a non-argu-mentative and non-suggestive manner. The witness may refuse to answer a question only to preserve a privilege. When the wit-ness has objected and refused to answer a question to preserve a privilege, the full committee chairman may rule on any such objection after the deposition has adjourned. If the chairman overrules any such objection and thereby orders a witness to answer any question to which a privilege objection was lodged, such ruling shall be filed with the clerk of the committee and shall be provided to the members and the witness no less than three days before the reconvened deposition. If a member of the committee appeals in writing the ruling of the chairman, the ap-peal shall be preserved for committee consid-eration. A deponent who refuses to answer a question after being directed to answer by 
the chairman in writing may be subject to sanction, except that no sanctions may be imposed if the ruling of the chairman is re-versed on appeal. 
(i) Committee staff shall ensure that the 
testimony is either transcribed or electroni-cally recorded or both. If a witness’s testi-mony is transcribed, the witness or the witness’s counsel shall be afforded an oppor-tunity to review a copy. No later than five days thereafter, the witness may submit sug-gested changes to the chairman. Committee staff may make any typographical and tech-nical changes.. Substantive changes, modi-fications, clarifications, or amendments to the deposition transcript submitted by the witness must be accompanied by a letter signed by the witness requesting the changes and a statement of the witness’s reasons for each proposed change. Any substantive changes, modifications, clarifications, or amendments shall be included as an appen-dix to the transcript conditioned upon the witness signing the transcript. 
(j) The individual administering the oath, 
if other than a member, shall certify on the transcript that the witness was duly sworn. The transcriber shall certify that the tran-script is a true record of the testimony, and the transcript shall be filed, together with any electronic recording, with the clerk of the Committee in Washington, DC. Deposi-tions shall be considered to have been taken in Washington, DC, as well as the location actually taken once filed there with the clerk of the Committee for the Committee’s use. The chairman and the ranking minority member of the full committee shall be pro-vided with a copy of the transcripts of the deposition at the same time. 
(k) The chairman and ranking minority 
member of the full committee shall consult regarding the release of depositions. If either objects in writing to a proposed release of a deposition or a portion thereof, the matter shall be promptly referred to the full com-mittee for resolution. 
(l) A witness shall not be required to tes-
tify unless the witness has been provided with a copy of the committee’s rules. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the House stands adjourned until noon tomorrow for morning-hour debate. 
There was no objection. Thereupon (at 1 o’clock and 5 min-
utes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, February 10, 2015, at noon for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
353. A letter from the Acting Congressional 
Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Animal Welfare; Retail Pet Stores and Licensing Exemptions; Technical Amendment [Docket No.: APHIS-2011-0003] (RIN: 0579-AD57) received January 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 
354. A letter from the Under Secretary, 
Personnel and Readiness, Department of De-fense, transmitting authorization for Colonel 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:45 Feb 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09FE7.008 H09FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H865 February 9, 2015 
Michael J. Tarsa, United States Army, to 
wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
355. A letter from the Chief Counsel, 
FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Suspension of Community Eligibility (New Castle County, DE, et al.) [Docket ID: FEMA-2014-0002] [Internal Agency Docket No.: FEMA-8365] received February 2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
356. A letter from the Chief Counsel, 
FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Suspension of Community Eligibility (Anne Arundel County, MD, et al.) [Docket ID: FEMA-2014-0002] [Internal Agency Docket No.: FEMA-8367] received January 29, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
357. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Employee Benefits Security Administration, Department of Labor, transmitting the De-partment’s interim final rule — Revisions to Annual Return/Report — Multiple-Employer Plans (RIN: 1210-AB66) received January 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
358. A letter from the Assistant General 
Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Environment, Health, Safety and Security, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Technical Amendments: Transfer of Office Functions (RIN: 1992-AA47) received February 2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
359. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Financial Resources and Chief Financial Officer, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Fis-cal Year 2014 Agency Financial Report, pur-suant to the Federal Managers’ Financial In-tegrity Act (FMFIA) of 1982; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
360. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Commerce, transmitting consistent with the resolution of advice and consent to ratification of the Convention on the Prohi-bition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling, and Use of Chemical Weapons and on Their Destruction, adopted by the Senate of the United States on April 24, 1997, and Executive Order 13346 of July 8, 2004, a certification for calendar year 2014; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
361. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-
viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report concerning international agreements other than trea-ties, entered into by the United States, to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Za-blocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
362. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting as re-quired by section 401(c) of the National Emergencies Act, 50 U.S.C. 1641(c), and sec-tion 204(c) of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1703(c), a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Lebanon that was declared in Executive Order 13441 of August 1, 2007; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
363. A letter from the Chairman, Merit 
Systems Protection Board, transmitting the Board’s report ‘‘The Impact of Recruitment Strategy on Fair and Open Competition for Federal Jobs’’, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 1204(a)(3); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
364. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Government Ethics, transmitting the Of-fice’s Explanatory Notes, Annual Perform-ance Plan and Annual Performance Report 
for Fiscal Year 2016; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
365. A letter from the Chief Administrative 
Officer, transmitting a quarterly report of receipts and expenditures of appropriations and other funds for the period October 1, 2014, through December 31, 2014, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 104a; Public Law 88-454; (H. Doc. No. 114—8); to the Committee on House Adminis-tration and ordered to be printed. 
366. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Security Zones; Dignitary Ar-rival/Departure and United Nations Meet-ings, New York, NY [Docket No.: USCG-2013- 1009] (RIN: 1625-AA87) received January 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
367. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Blue Water Resort and Casino Southwest Show-down 4; Parker, AZ [Docket No.: USCG-2014- 0990] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received January 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
368. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone: Eastport Breakwater Terminal, Eastport, Maine [USCG-2014-1037] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived January 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
369. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Regulated Navigation Areas and Limited Access Areas; Waterway Manage-ment of Apra Harbor, Guam [Docket No.: USCG-2013-0935] (RIN: 1625-AA00, 1625-AA11, and 1625-AA87) received January 27, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
370. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Regulated Naviga-tion Area; Sarah Mildred Long Bridge Re-placement, Portsmouth, NH [Docket No.: USCG-2014-0554] (RIN: 1625-AA11) received January 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
371. A letter from the Chair, Aerospace 
Safety Advisory Panel, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, transmitting the Panel’s Annual Report for 2014, pursuant to Public Law 109-155, section 106(b); to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. 
372. A letter from the Assistant U.S. Trade 
Representative for WTO and Multilateral Af-fairs, Office of the United States Trade Rep-resentative, Executive Office of the Presi-dent, transmitting the Administration’s An-nual Report on Subsidies Enforcement, pur-suant to the Statement of Administrative Action of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 629. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make 
permanent the reduced recognition period for built-in gains of S corporations; with an amendment (Rept. 114–15). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 630. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent certain rules regarding basis ad-justments to stock of S corporations making charitable contributions of property; with an amendment (Rept. 114–16). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 641. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent special rule for contributions of qualified conservation contributions; with an amendment (Rept. 114–17). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 644. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to perma-nently extend and expand the charitable de-duction for contributions of food inventory; with an amendment (Rept. 114–18). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 640. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the tax rate for excise tax on investment in-come of private foundations; with an amend-ment (Rept. 114–19, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 637. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the rule allowing certain tax-free distributions from individual retirement ac-counts for charitable purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–20, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 636. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to perma-nently extend increased expensing limita-tions, and for other purposes; with an amend-ment (Rept. 114–21, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, 
Committee on the Budget discharged from further consideration. H.R. 636 re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, 
Committee on the Budget discharged from further consideration. H.R. 637 re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, 
Committee on the Budget discharged from further consideration. H.R. 640 re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following 
titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. PALAZZO (for himself, Ms. 
EDWARDS , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Ms. 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, and 
Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama): 
H.R. 810. A bill to authorize the programs 
of the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration, and for other purposes; to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L09FE7.000 H09FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H866 February 9, 2015 
Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-
nology. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana (for himself 
and Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia): 
H.R. 811. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide notice to char-ities and other nonprofit organizations be-fore their tax-exempt status is automati-
cally revoked; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SIMPSON (for himself, Mr. 
C
OLE, and Mr. H ECKof Washington): 
H.R. 812. A bill to provide for Indian trust 
asset management reform, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. HUFFMAN (for himself, Mr. 
G
ARAMENDI , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. S PEIER , 
Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. 
THOMPSON of California, Mr. B ERA, 
Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. M CNERNEY ): 
H.R. 813. A bill to supplement the Sec-
retary of the Army’s existing authorities to review the operations of reservoirs; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Mr. JOLLY: 
H.R. 814. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to provide additional aggra-vating factors for the imposition of the death penalty based on the status of the vic-tim; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. LONG (for himself, Mr. S
CHRA -
DER, Mr. B URGESS , Mrs. B ROOKS of In-
diana, Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. 
MURPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. O LSON , 
Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. P ETERS , 
Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. 
JOHNSON of Ohio, and Mrs. B LACK -
BURN ): 
H.R. 815. A bill to amend title XXVII of the 
Public Health Service Act to preserve con-sumer and employer access to licensed inde-pendent insurance producers; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia (for 
himself, Mr. J
ORDAN , Mrs. N OEM, Mrs. 
HARTZLER , Mrs. W AGNER , Mrs. B LACK , 
Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. 
JENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. K INGof 
Iowa, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, 
Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT , Mr. J ONES , Mr. 
HUELSKAMP , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. 
JOLLY , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. 
NEUGEBAUER , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. G OH-
MERT , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. 
BOUSTANY , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. J OHN-
SON of Ohio, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. 
WESTERMAN , Mr. B UCK, Mr. S ALMON , 
Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
PITTENGER , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. H AR-
PER, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. 
LOUDERMILK , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. O LSON , 
Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. S MITH of Mis-
souri, Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. L ATTA , 
Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. R OTHFUS , 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
RATCLIFFE , Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, 
Mrs. L OVE, and Mr. W EBER of Texas): 
H.R. 816. A bill to implement equal protec-
tion under the 14th article of amendment to the Constitution for the right to life of each born and preborn human person; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. NUNES (for himself, Mr. B
OU-
STANY , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, 
Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. C OOK, and 
Mr. D EFAZIO): 
H.R. 817. A bill to suspend the implementa-
tion of zip code reclassifications for Medi-care payment for ambulance services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ROSKAM (for himself, Mr. C
AR-
NEY, Mr. B ERA, Mrs. B LACK , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C OO-
PER, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. 
DELANEY , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. H IMES, Mr. 
HULTGREN , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. K IND, Mr. 
LIPINSKI , Mr. O LSON , Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R ENACCI , 
Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, 
Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , 
and Mr. W OMACK ): 
H.R. 818. A bill to amend titles XVIII and 
XIX of the Social Security Act to curb waste, fraud, and abuse in the Medicare and Medicaid programs; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 819. A bill to require the Adminis-
trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion to use the definitions in section 40125 of title 49, United States Code, in determining whether an unmanned aircraft conducting aeronautical research flights qualifies for public aircraft status under that section, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. KLINE (for himself and Mr. R
OE 
of Tennessee): 
H.J. Res. 29. A joint resolution providing 
for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the National Labor Relations Board relating to representation case proce-dures; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. CHAFFETZ: 
H. Res. 97. A resolution providing amounts 
for the expenses of the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress; to the Com-mittee on House Administration. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. PALAZZO: 
H.R. 810. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress 
shall have power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes; and Arti-cle I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: 
H.R. 811. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have the Power to lay 
and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Ex-cises, to pay the Debt and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the 
United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
By Mr. SIMPSON: 
H.R. 812. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, which grants Congress 
the power to regulate Commerce with the In-dian Tribes. 
By Mr. HUFFMAN: 
H.R. 813. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Office there-of. 
By Mr. JOLLY: 
H.R. 814. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1, Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
United States Constitution which reads: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts, and provide for the com-mon Defense and General Welfare of the United States; but all Duties and Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ 
By Mr. LONG: 
H.R. 815. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress 
shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States. Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution, which states ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: 
H.R. 816. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This legislation makes clear that human 
life begins at the moment of conception and, therefore, the unborn are entitled to the same rights and protections afforded to all American citizens under the U.S. Constitu-tion. In affirming human life begins at con-ception, the unborn are granted the right to due process under Section 1 of the 14th Amendment which explicitly states, ‘‘No state shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any state deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.’’ 
The Life at Conception Act allows for con-
stitutional protection for the unborn that they not ‘‘be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law’’ af-forded under the 5th Amendment. 
By Mr. NUNES: 
H.R. 817. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution 
By Mr. ROSKAM: 
H.R. 818. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 states The 
Congress shall have Power To provide . . . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L09FE7.100 H09FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H867 February 9, 2015 
for the . . . general Welfare of the United 
States. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 819. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. KLINE: 
H.J. Res. 29. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 3 of the Con-
stitution of the United States 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 24: Mr. T ROTT , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. 
JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illi-
nois, Mr. O LSON , and Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 91: Ms. A DAMS . 
H.R. 156: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. 
H.R. 167: Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia and 
Mr. T HOMPSON of California. 
H.R. 199: Mr. D ESAULNIER . H.R. 210: Mr. C URBELO of Florida and Mr. 
KATKO . 
H.R. 217: Mr. P OMPEO and Mr. R YANof Wis-
consin. 
H.R. 224: Ms. C LARKE of New York and Ms. 
ESTY. 
H.R. 230: Mr. N UGENT . 
H.R. 235: Mr. B RADY of Texas and Mr. H ECK 
of Nevada. 
H.R. 258: Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. H UFFMAN , 
and Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 270: Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. G RAVES of 
Missouri, Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. 
CHABOT , and Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. 
H.R. 284: Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. R ANGEL , and 
Mr. K INGof Iowa. 
H.R. 317: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 333: Ms. P INGREE , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. 
JOHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 381: Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia and Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 408: Mr. S CHRADER and Mr. 
DESAULNIER . 
H.R. 429: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 524: Mr. W OMACK , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , 
Mr. F ORBES , and Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 525: Mr. B ENISHEK . 
H.R. 528: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. 
KLINE. H.R. 539: Mr. P OLIS and Mr. D AVID SCOTT of 
Georgia. 
H.R. 555: Mr. S CHOCK , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. 
SMITH of Missouri, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. S MITH of 
Nebraska, Mr. B UCHANAN , and Mr. 
HUELSKAMP . 
H.R. 581: Mr. H IGGINS . 
H.R. 583: Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 599: Mr. S MITH of Nebraska. 
H.R. 609: Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 619: Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 636: Mr. E MMER . 
H.R. 654: Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. R OSS, 
Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, and Mr. S TEWART . 
H.R. 681: Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 699: Mr. B UTTERFIELD and Mr. B ISHOP  
of Georgia. 
H.R. 732: Mr. M EEKS . 
H.R. 763: Mr. C RAMER and Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 782: Mr. R ANGEL and Ms. M AXINE  
WATERS of California. 
H.R. 784: Mr. E NGEL , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
HONDA , Mr. R YANof Ohio, and Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 804: Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , 
Mr. D UFFY , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. P OCAN , and 
Ms. M OORE . 
H. Res. 15: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09FE7.013 H09FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S843 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 2015 No. 21 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Our Father, be with us not only in 
great moments of experience but also during life’s mundane tasks. 
Through the power of Your Spirit, 
may our Senators mount up with wings like eagles, running without weariness and walking without fainting. Lord, give them the wisdom to be patient with others, ever lenient to their faults and ever prompt to appreciate their virtues. Rule in their hearts, keeping them from sin and sustaining their loved ones in all of their tomorrows. Surround them with the shield of Your favor, as You provide them with a fu-ture and a hope, accomplishing in their lives more than they can ask or imag-ine. 
We pray in Your merciful Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE ACTING 
MAJORITY LEADER 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
majority whip is recognized. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015—MOTION TO PROCEED 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I move 
to proceed to H.R. 240. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
clerk will report the motion. The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 5, H.R. 
240, a bill making appropriations for the De-partment of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE CALENDAR —S. 405 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I under-
stand there is a bill at the desk that is due for a second reading. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. 
The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
A bill (S. 405) to protect and enhance op-
portunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, and for other purposes. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, in order 
to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objec-
tion having been heard, the bill will be placed on the calendar. 
Mr. CORNYN. I yield the floor. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, the Amer-
ican people can get their news in var-ious fashions, whether it is a blog, the nightly news or in a newspaper. They are very concerned. They are concerned about the threat of global terrorism. And why shouldn’t they be? Look at what they see. 
We see ISIS has murdered tens of 
thousands of people. One need only to look back at those thousands of Yazidi people who are trapped in the moun-tains in Iraq. We saw it play on day after day. These people were fleeing for their lives and many of them didn’t make it. 
We have watched not only tens of 
thousands murdered, but we have watched them behead people. Just a few days ago we watched them put a man in a cage, set the cage on fire, and burn him alive. They are so void of any respectability; they are so uncivilized. 
They filmed 22 minutes of that man suffering the utmost torture until he died—22 minutes of torture. 
We look around the world, and in 
Paris 20 people are dead of a terrorist attack. People are dead in Belgium thwarting that terrorist attack. In Ot-tawa, Canada, at the Parliament ter-rorists attacked. In Sydney, Australia, there was an attack in a restaurant. 
It seems that no matter what the day 
is, there is another act of terror that we have to be aware of. We have watched, with some dismay, at the ter-ror that is coming. ISIS has bragged that they are coming our way. 
We have our national security agen-
cies, including the Department of Homeland Security, which has pro-tected us from attacks to this point. Now we are 18 days away from having no money for the Department of Home-land Security—18 days. But that is a false number because we are out of ses-sion for about 10 of those 18 days. So really, after this week, we are down to less than 1 week to protect our home-land. 
Jeh Johnson, the Secretary of Home-
land Security, was on national TV yes-terday warning the American people of what we face. He went through what his agency does, what they do to pro-tect our homeland. That agency was established during the Presidency of George W. Bush. It happened after 9/11. We consolidated 22 different agencies into something that is more workable. Jeh Johnson has done a very, very good job. 
There is border protection, the Coast 
Guard, and they have responsibilities for preventing cyber attacks. There is rarely a day that goes by when there isn’t some cyber attack. Which one is big that day? We had Sony play out, and we had Anthem just a few days ago. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09FE6.000 S09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S844 February 9, 2015 
Republicans are hellbent on playing 
chicken with our national security. 
Jeh Johnson said yesterday he would 
have to furlough as many as 30,000 peo-ple if the Republicans decided to do a continuing resolution, which would be at last year’s numbers. It would pre-vent the Department of Homeland Se-curity from funding any new grants. These are grants that help our country, grants for dogs sniffing out all kinds of bad things. These grants fund counter-terrorism task force units. A very big one is waiting to be established in Ari-zona. 
In Las Vegas we have an urban area 
security initiative. We have 50 million people who come to Las Vegas each year. We need help to make sure local agencies can respond where they have to. 
Why are we concerned about these 
grants? We are concerned because it is what helps local government be ready for these attacks when and if they come. 
But the Republicans have come to 
the conclusion that they are far more afraid of these people—some of whom were here last week—the DREAMers. They dreamed of having a country they could relate to. They came to America as babies. It was the only country they even knew. It was a country where they saluted the flag for many years, and President Obama gave them re-spectability. 
A woman who was here and I talked 
about last week is a young woman from Las Vegas. Her name is Blanca Gamez. She is a wonderful, wonderful woman. She has two degrees, and she is going to law school next year. She works, and she pays taxes. But it ap-pears that the Republicans are more afraid of her than they are of ISIS— these people who behead people and they burn people in cages. 
We cannot allow this to go on the 
way it is headed. These grants help local firefighters. The DHS directives target criminals instead of families. Republicans, I guess, want us to target these families rather than criminals. 
Why are Republicans putting our 
country at risk? 
This isn’t some liberal cabal that is 
talking about this. Let’s take, for ex-ample, one of the most conservative publications in America, the Wall Street Journal. They wrote a featured opinion piece today about Republican Members of Congress. 
The Wall Street Journal says the Re-
publicans’ reckless strategy is doomed to fail. Even the very conservative edi-tors of that newspaper said today that Republicans’ reckless scheme is des-tined for—what is in their words—‘‘a spectacular crack-up.’’ These are a few things of what they say in the article. 
I ask unanimous consent to have 
printed in the R
ECORD the February 9, 
2015, opinion article from the Wall Street Journal entitled: ‘‘Can the GOP Change?’’ 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: [From the Wall Street Journal Editorial, 
Feb. 8, 2015] 
CAN THE GOP C HANGE ? 
The immigration defeat reveals a larger 
problem in Congress. 
Republicans in Congress are off to a less 
than flying start after a month in power, di-viding their own conference more than Democrats. Take the response to President Obama’s immigration order, which seems headed for failure if not a more spectacular crack-up. 
That decree last November awarded work 
permits and de facto legal status to millions of undocumented aliens and dismayed mem-bers of both parties, whatever their immigra-tion views. A Congressional resolution to vindicate the rule of law and the Constitu-tion’s limits on executive power was defen-sible, and even necessary, but this message has long ago been lost in translation. 
The Republican leadership funded the rest 
of the government in December’s budget deal but isolated the Department of Homeland Security that enforces immigration law. DHS funding runs out this month, and the GOP has now marched itself into another box canyon. 
The specific White House abuse was claim-
ing prosecutorial discretion to exempt whole classes of aliens from deportation, dumping the historical norm of case-by-case scrutiny. A GOP sniper shot at this legal overreach would have forced Democrats to go on record, picked up a few supporters, and per-haps even imposed some accountability on Mr. Obama. 
But that wasn’t enough for immigration 
restrictionists, who wanted a larger brawl, and they browbeat GOP leaders into adding needless policy amendments. The House reached back to rescind Mr. Obama’s en-forcement memos from 2011 that instructed Homeland Security to prioritize deporta-tions of illegals with criminal backgrounds. That is legitimate prosecutorial discretion, and in opposing it Republicans are under-mining their crime-fighting credentials. 
The House even adopted a provision to roll 
back Mr. Obama’s 2012 order deferring depor-tation for young adults brought to the U.S. illegally as children by their parents—the so- called dreamers. The GOP lost 26 of its own Members on that one, passing it with only 218 votes. 
The overall $40 billion DHS spending bill 
passed with these riders, 236–191, but with 10 Republicans joining all but two Democrats in opposition. This lack of GOP unity re-duced the chances that Senate Democrats would feel any political pressure to go along. 
And, lo, on Thursday the House bill failed 
for the third time to gain the 60 votes needed to overcome the third Democratic filibuster in three days. Swing-state Democrats like Indiana’s Joe Donnelly and North Dakota’s Heidi Heitkamp aren’t worried because they have more than enough material to portray Republicans as the immigration extremists. 
Whatever their view of Mr. Obama’s order, 
why would Democrats vote to deport people who were brought here as kids through no fault of their own? Mr. Obama issued a veto threat to legislation that will never get to his desk, and he must be delighted that Re-publicans are fighting with each other rather than with him. 
Restrictionists like Sens. Ted Cruz and 
Jeff Sessions are offering their familiar ad-vice to fight harder and hold firm against ‘‘executive amnesty,’’ but as usual their strategy for victory is nowhere to be found. So Republicans are now heading toward the same cul de sac that they did on the ObamaCare government shutdown. 
If Homeland Security funding lapses on 
Feb. 27, the agency will be pushed into a par-tial shutdown even as the terrorist threat is 
at the forefront of public attention with the Charlie Hebdo and Islamic State murders. Imagine if the Transportation Security Ad-ministration, a unit of DHS, fails to inter-cept an Islamic State agent en route to De-troit. 
So Republicans are facing what is likely to 
be another embarrassing political retreat and more intra-party recriminations. The GOP’s restrictionist wing will blame the leadership for a failure they share responsi-bility for, and the rest of America will won-der anew about the gang that couldn’t shoot straight. 
The restrictionist caucus can protest all it 
wants, but it can’t change 54 Senate votes into 60 without persuading some Democrats. It’s time to find another strategy. Our advice on immigration is to promote discrete bills that solve specific problems such as green cards for math-science-tech graduates, more H–1B visas, a guest-worker program for agri-culture, targeted enforcement and legal sta-tus for the dreamers. Democrats would be hard-pressed to oppose them and it would put the onus back on Mr. Obama. But if that’s too much for the GOP, then move on from immigration to something else. 
It’s not too soon to say that the fate of the 
GOP majority is on the line. Precious weeks are wasting, and the combination of weak House leadership and a rump minority un-willing to compromise is playing into Demo-cratic hands. This is no way to run a Con-gressional majority, and the only winners of GOP dysfunction will be Mr. Obama, Nancy Pelosi and Hillary Clinton. 
Mr. REID. I will read parts of the ar-
ticle: 
If Homeland Security funding lapses on 
Feb. 27, the agency will be pushed into a par-tial shutdown even as the terrorist threat is at the forefront of public attention with the Charlie Hebdo and Islamic State murders. Imagine if the Transportation Security Ad-ministration, a unit of DHS, fails to inter-cept an Islamic State agent en route to De-troit. 
So Republicans are facing what is likely to 
be another embarrassing political retreat and more intra-party recriminations. The GOP’s restrictionist wing will blame the leadership for a failure they share responsi-bility for, and the rest of America will won-der anew about the gang that couldn’t shoot straight. 
This is about as serious as anything 
could be. We need to fund this agency which is so vitally important to our country. We need to pass a clean bill— the bipartisan bill that Speaker B
OEH-
NERand the majority leader agreed to 
in November—and give the American people the protection they deserve. Anything less is not good, is a disaster for our country, and really is very, very bad to protect our homeland. 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME  
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
ERNST ). Under the previous order, the 
leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business, with the time equally divided until 5 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
Mr. REID. I suggest the absence of a 
quorum. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09FE6.007 S09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S845 February 9, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
Mr. SESSIONS. Madam President, 
last Wednesday, President Obama made a statement that is troubling to me. I think those of us who believe in Execu-tive leadership and honest leadership, where leaders talk directly to the peo-ple about the serious problems we face, have to be troubled by this trend with this administration. Sometimes it makes me fear for the future of the Re-public. He accused Republicans of ‘‘defunding the very operations that are involved in making sure we’ve got strong border security.’’ He said Re-publicans are blocking funding of that. Nothing could be further from the truth. 
The House of Representatives—the 
Republican House—has passed a bill with $40 billion, funding fully, as basi-cally the President requested, all the agencies in the Department of Home-land Security. It has one little catch to it; it bars the President from taking money from the Department of Home-land Security that is supposed to be used to enforce the law and using that to grant amnesty and to undermine the law. The House bill is not in any way undermining the security of the United States of America, the ability for Homeland Security to protect us from terrorists. In fact, it strengthens that ability because it keeps the money there and uses it for those purposes, whereas right now the President is spending over $100 million to create a structure across the river that would hire 1,000 new people in Homeland Se-curity to process amnesty applications for people who violated the law and to give them the right to have earned in-come tax credit benefits, a Social Secu-rity card, the ability to take any job in the American economy that maybe an unemployed American would like to have or a recent immigrant with a green card would like to have. No, this person who entered the country now unlawfully gets to take that job under this policy. Congress did not fund that. But it funded the laws of the agency. The President, as he said himself 20 times, had no power to do this. 
So what is happening now in the Sen-
ate, colleagues? Our Democratic col-leagues now unanimously, it appears, are blocking even moving to the bill that funds Homeland Security. So I ask, with all sincerity, how can it be said that the Republicans are failing to fund the operations making sure we have strong border security? How can that be made a statement by the Presi-dent of the United States? I think we need to keep talking 
about that. We should not allow these modern-age politicians to go to the American people with false stories about what is happening. The Demo-cratic Members of this Senate are sys-tematically blocking the bill we would like to see come to the floor that fully funds Homeland Security. They have been given the right, as Senator M
CCONNELL has repeatedly stated— 
which Senator R EIDnever did—they 
have been given the right to offer any amendments they would like that are relevant and germane to the bill. So I would say this is a most serious thing with me, and I believe the American people need to understand it. 
The House bill will not deny a single 
penny of funding for legitimate lawful operations of Homeland Security. It will be spent on enforcing the law, en-forcing the Immigration and Nation-ality Act that was actually passed by Congress. 
What the President is attempting to 
do is to create and execute a law Con-gress rejected. He asked the House to pass this law and the House said, no, they did not agree with this policy and rejected it. So he is executing it any-way. 
Senate Republicans have attempted 
to move the bill to the floor three times, and each time it has been blocked by our Democratic colleagues because the bill does not fund the President’s unlawful Executive am-nesty that he admitted 20 separate times he did not have the power to do. 
Congress, colleagues, is supposed to 
spend the taxpayers’ money wisely. Congress should not fund any program, no matter how much the President wants it, that they believe is bad pol-icy. More importantly, more clearly, no Senator should vote to fund a Presi-dential policy that violates the law, that violates the Constitution, that distorts the relationship between the Congress, which makes laws, and the President, who is supposed to execute only the laws Congress makes. So that is where we are at this point. 
The President is not entitled to 
spend taxpayer money to implement a system of immigration that Congress has rejected. An article in yesterday’s Washington Times is further indication of where we are in this world of poli-tics. It was reported that the Depart-ment of Homeland Security is spending taxpayer money to set up hotlines for illegal immigrants to call in to with any complaints they may have about immigration law enforcement officers if they think the officers have violated their ‘‘rights’’ under President Obama’s Executive amnesty—not vio-lating their rights under law—but the President has told them this and sent out this message to the stakeholder groups. 
Now who are the stakeholder groups? 
I suppose they are the activist groups. That is how they refer to them: stake-holders. So they send out this message: If you are not happy with the way the Federal agency is executing my policy 
but indeed those agencies are attempt-ing to enforce the law as written, then you have a ‘‘right’’ to call in to this hotline, and I will get on them, and I will see that they do it. 
So how do the officers feel about 
this? National Border Patrol Council vice president Shawn Moran said this in a response. First, let me tell you, the Border Patrol officers in the USCIS—the Citizenship and Immigra-
tion Services officers—have opposed the President’s Executive amnesty. Their association has laid out how it will make the problem worse, it will increase the risk of terrorist attacks, and otherwise further degrade the in-tegrity of our legal system. They have been clear about this. We ought to lis-ten to them. They enforce that law re-peatedly. That is their duty. They have opposed bills that they think may look good on the surface but once they have read them and found out the bill will not work effectively, they speak out against that, which is very helpful, and I am glad they do. 
Well, this is what Mr. Moran said: 
Instead of supporting our agents, this ad-
ministration had decided it is more impor-tant to find new ways to solicit complaints and invite ridicule against them. 
The American people have to know 
that the Obama administration’s dere-liction of duty relating to our immi-gration system did not begin with this recent decree. From the day he took of-fice, the President has relentlessly and systematically, colleagues, friends, the American people, dismantled immigra-tion enforcement. It is far more serious than you would imagine. 
My office has compiled a 49-page 
baseline timeline of nearly 200 specific entries and events that occurred since 2009 detailing how the law of the United States has been undermined by directives and orders from the Presi-dent of the United States. It is step by step. This one person alone, the Presi-dent, has acted against the will of the American people and undermined the law in America. 
Just briefly, I will mention the first 
event that came to my mind. When he took office in early 2009, I believe in the State of Washington, the officers, doing their duty, enforcing the law that says a business cannot hire some-body unlawfully in America, inves-tigated a business in Washington, dis-covered quite a number of people un-lawfully in America, and were to com-mence action against the business for violating plain law that is still on the books and has not been repealed. And what happened? Immediately, the President intervened. He told them: No. Do not do this. And he told the ac-tivist groups—the La Razas and the other activist groups that were en-gaged in pushing him on this issue—es-sentially, he told them: Look, I am going to honor the promise I made to you during the campaign—that is the way I would interpret it—not to allow this kind of lawful activity to happen in the future. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09FE6.008 S09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S846 February 9, 2015 
So from day one, the law officers of 
our country got a clear message. What was the message? If you go out and en-force the law, you will get in trouble. If you do not say anything and do not do anything and stay back and lay back and not enforce the law, everything will be OK. That began the situation. 
Here are just some of the highlights 
that I circled and looked at. 
This was the Bellingham, WA, case I 
just mentioned, detaining 28 illegal im-migrants who were using false, fake Social Security documents. 
On January 29, 2009, in April of 2009, 
and June of 2009, the Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano delays the E-Verify deadlines. E-Verify is a system by which businesses are supposed to check a person’s Social Se-curity Number to find out if it is valid before they hire them. Many times we know people have used false Social Se-curity Numbers to get work. She de-layed that. Then she delayed it again in April, and delayed it again in June. 
In June of 2010, the ICE union—the 
Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers—they are three basic groups: the ICE group, there is the Border Pa-trol group, and the Citizenship and Im-migration Services group that proc-esses the paperwork. The ICE union cast a unanimous vote of ‘‘no con-fidence’’ in the agency Homeland Secu-rity leadership, including ICE Director John Morton and Assistant Director Phyllis Coven, citing ‘‘the growing dis-satisfaction and concern among ICE employees’’ that they ‘‘have abandoned the Agency’s’’—ICE’s—‘‘core mission of enforcing United States Immigration Laws and providing for public safety, and have instead directed their atten-tion to campaigning for programs and policies related to amnesty.’’ 
He said the policy of this govern-
ment—not what we as sworn officers are supposed to be enforcing, but the policy of our leaders is to spend all their time campaigning for policies re-lated to amnesty and undermining en-forcement. 
ICE officers went so far, colleagues, 
as to file a lawsuit in Federal court contending they were being ordered to violate the law by their supervisors. A judge expressed sympathy for them but eventually decided they didn’t have standing to proceed with the case, but I think it is still on appeal. 
In 2011, at a roundtable with amnesty 
advocates, President Obama admitted his deportation statistics were mis-leading. Indeed, they have been. They claim they have increased deportation, but that is totally incorrect. They fi-nally had to admit it. 
In February of 2012 President Obama 
slashed the budget for the 287(g) Pro-gram, a program that I helped advocate for and moved forward when I came to the Senate 10 years ago. It simply says the Federal Government will work with State and local law enforcement officers to train them in the things they can legally do to help the Federal officers enforce the law. It is a per-fectly sensible program, and it is very 
popular. A number of States have taken quite a step toward it. It was working in an effective way, and they canceled it after he took office. 
They announced the delay in the bio-
metric entry-exit visa system in Feb-ruary of last year. An inspector general audit revealed declines in workplace enforcement of substantial amounts as a direct result of White House policies, and they admit the Obama administra-tion manipulated deportation data. 
In March of last year a new report re-
vealed that the ICE officers—— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator has consumed 10 minutes. 
Mr. SESSIONS. I thank the Chair, 
and I ask unanimous consent for 1 ad-ditional minute to wrap up. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. SESSIONS. It was revealed that 
ICE released 68,000 convicted criminals in 2013. These are convicted criminals. 
In May of last year the Deputy Chief 
of Border Patrol revealed that the bor-der surge was incentivized by the ad-ministration’s policies. 
As I said, there are 49 pages of this. I would point out that we are ready 
to bring the bill to the floor and allow amendments to the legislation passed by the House that fully funds Home-land Security and ensures that the money is spent for enforcement and not to dismantle the law. 
I thank the Chair, and I yield the 
floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
f 
BOTTICELLI NOMINATION 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
Senator A LEXANDER and Senator E NZI 
are here on the floor. I want to briefly address the nominee we will be voting on this afternoon and then turn to the matter the three of us wish to address. 
Today the Senate is going to vote on 
the nomination of Michael Botticelli to be the next Director of National Drug Control Policy. I look forward to work-ing with our Nation’s next drug czar just as I have with previous drug czars. 
Drug abuse is a serious problem in 
my home State. Kentucky is the fifth highest prescribing State when it comes to pain killers, and we have the Nation’s third highest drug overdose mortality rate, with many deaths driv-en by prescription pain killers. 
Heroin abuse is also a problem in the 
Bluegrass State. Heroin deaths ac-counted for 32 percent of the drug overdoses back in 2013, and they con-tinue to climb. The epicenter of the heroin problem is located in the north-ern region across the river from Cin-cinnati, although I am hearing more and more from constituents that drug abuse is rising in other parts of the Commonwealth as well. 
All told, the Kentucky Office of Drug 
Control Policy reports that about 1,000 Kentuckians lose their lives overdosing on drugs every year, which is more than we lose in fatal car crashes. There is another reason I am pleased 
to welcome prior drug czar Gil Kerlikowski to tour Kentucky. We had him there a couple of years ago to take a closeup look at the problems we face. He visited Louisville, Lexington, Lon-don, and Pikeville—four communities, both urban and rural, across the State. He met with Kentuckians who worked to tackle this issue from every single angle—public health officials, medical professionals, law enforcement offi-cials, drug courts, members of the busi-ness community, and Kentuckians in-volved with prevention. The drug czar’s visit helped focus more Federal atten-tion and Federal resources on this issue, and in a time of strained budg-ets, the extra attention and those extra resources are particularly important. 
I am also pleased to report that Mr. 
Botticelli plans to visit Eastern Ken-tucky soon. He also plans, at my invi-tation, to visit Northern Kentucky this spring. Visits such as these help ensure continued Federal focus on Kentucky’s drug problem, and I look forward to working with the next drug czar to move closer to the day when drug abuse is no longer ravaging our fami-lies and our communities. 
(The remarks of Mr. M
CCONNELL , Mr. 
ALEXANDER , and Mr. E NZIpertaining to 
the introduction of S.J. Res. 8 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under 
‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
f 
BOTTICELLI NOMINATION 
Mr. MARKEY. Madam President, I 
rise to speak in support of Michael Bot-ticelli in our effort today to confirm him as Director of the Office of Na-tional Drug Control Policy. 
The State of Massachusetts, like too 
many other regions of this Nation, is being ravaged by the scourge of pre-scription drug and heroin addiction that is breaking apart families and burying communities under a moun-tain of despair. Massachusetts experi-enced 114 deaths in December, and that doesn’t count our biggest cities, such as Boston and Worcester and Spring-field. 
Drug overdose deaths fueled by pre-
scription pain killers now claim more lives than car accidents nationwide. Approximately 100 Americans die from an overdose every day. 
As a Senator from Massachusetts, I 
have a deep appreciation and respect for Michael Botticelli’s accomplish-ments addressing addiction during his nearly two decades serving in the Mas-sachusetts Department of Public Health. He is a public health and drug policy pioneer, and he lived in my hometown of Malden, MA, while he did this job. 
Immediately prior to joining the Of-
fice of National Drug Control Policy as Deputy Director, Mr. Botticelli was the director of the Bureau of Substance Abuse Services at the Massachusetts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09FE6.009 S09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S847 February 9, 2015 
Department of Public Health. While he 
was there, he pioneered innovative, ef-fective approaches to substance abuse challenges. He was responsible for launching a program that expanded treatment and recovery opportunities in local community health centers, in-cluding a focus on providing a con-tinuum of care for those suffering with substance use disorders. Mr. Botticelli also expanded innovative and nation-ally recognized prevention strategies. He established and implemented evi-dence-based jail diversion programs, reentry services for those leaving State and county correctional facilities, and overdose prevention programs. 
Although there is always more work 
to be done, it is because of Mr. Botticelli’s efforts and the legacy he left behind that Massachusetts is in many ways a national leader in ad-dressing the prescription and heroin abuse epidemic. 
Mr. Botticelli has been very public 
about his personal history of strug-gling with an alcohol use disorder as a young professional and seeking help that has led him into long-term recov-ery. He recently celebrated 26 years of sobriety, and I applaud him for that. 
Mr. Botticelli’s personal life experi-
ences have provided him a unique per-spective on the epidemic facing our Na-tion. When he joined me at a recent roundtable I convened in Boston about this crisis, he spoke about it in human terms. He reminded us that there is a family, a loved one, a friend, or a child behind each and every one of these sta-tistics. His openness about his own struggles and his path to recovery helped shed much needed light on the issue of addiction, which has lurked too long in the shadows of shame and stigma. I think his story helps others to seek treatment and begin a life of recovery. He truly is leading by his own personal example. 
The drug problems facing our coun-
try have changed dramatically since the Office of National Drug Control Policy was created in 1988. Mr. Botti-celli has an excellent understanding of the mission of this office, the changing needs of the addiction community, and the urgency for solutions to halting the rise of substance use disorders in this country. I believe he is going to make a superlative Director, bringing his strong heart, keen mind, and Malden, MA, roots to the Office of Na-tional Drug Control Policy. I am hon-ored to speak in support of his nomina-tion on the floor today and look for-ward to working with him in the years to come. I recommend in the strongest 
possible terms Michael Botticelli for the Office of Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy. 
I yield back the remainder of my 
time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Florida. 
f 
UKRAINE ASSISTANCE 
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I 
wish to speak about the Ukraine. Lord knows the President of the United 
States has enough on his plate, and he is trying to make the right decisions about what to do in giving assistance to the Ukrainian people and to the Ukrainian army to hold off Vladimir Putin’s troops that are masquerading as rebels but, in fact, are bringing in Russian equipment and Russian sol-diers who put on different uniforms. It is because of that that I think the wise choice would be for the United States to give lethal armaments to the Ukrainian people. 
I was there in August. I spoke with 
all the members of the government— the Prime Minister, the Defense Min-ister, the Foreign Minister, the head of their Defense Council. At the time, I was surprised that they did not ask for lethal assistance but instead wanted up-to-the-minute intelligence, which was so important, and training. If my memory serves me correctly, in the De-fense bill we provided about $350 mil-lion for that assistance. But the ques-tion of lethal armaments so that they can withstand the Russian tanks—if we want them to be successful—is excep-tionally important in this Senator’s mind and point of view. 
There is another reason. Mrs. Merkel 
is in town today, and her position is that she does not want Europe to pro-vide lethal assistance. Well, Germany, of course, is not sharing a geographic line with the former Soviet Union, now Russia, and Germany is not feeling the heat, even though a major component and member of NATO, like so many of the other NATO members farther to the east. 
Some of the Baltic States—Estonia, 
Latvia, Lithuania—have substantial Russian populations. They are fright-ened of the realistic possibility of Putin, who has successfully taken a Russian-speaking part of Ukraine— namely, Crimea, which fell into his hand like a ripe plum—now moving on other parts of eastern Ukraine to es-tablish a land bridge down to Crimea. What they fear is that suddenly the Russian army will amass on their bor-der and use as a pretext, as Putin has done in eastern Ukraine, the coming in and rescuing and protecting of the Rus-sian-speaking elements of those par-ticular countries, particularly in the Baltics. There is a huge percentage of the population in Estonia that is Rus-sian, likewise in Latvia and also Lith-uania. 
I met with the President of Lith-
uania, a woman whom a lot of people refer to in very admiring terms as a tough cookie, and that is apparent when you meet her. But the concerns about the Russian aggression are clear-ly there. They are very concerned that if eastern Ukraine falls, they will be next. 
I think that is another reason that 
these courageous people who, after the break up of the Soviet Union, had so many years of corruption and bad gov-ernment—now having thrown off the shackles of corruption, having a new government after all of those protests 
in the center of the capital city of Ukraine—I think it is incumbent upon us to help that little country defend itself against Russian aggression. When a Russian tank is bearing down on you, you need something that can penetrate the steel armor of that tank in order to stop that tank and all the other tanks from advancing. 
I will stop right there and shift gears. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, the 
clock is ticking at the Department of Homeland Security, and we are about to run out of money. We will run out of money at the end of this month. If we get into a situation where the Depart-ment that is tasked with the protec-tion of national security here at home does not have the funding to protect our borders, to protect the central lo-cation that directs our defense against cyber attacks, to protect us as we get on airplanes through TSA, and to pa-trol the waters of the coastal United States through our Coast Guard—if we don’t have the money appropriated, then that, to this Senator, is inexcus-able. 
This is all over a dispute about immi-
gration because some people want to have it their way and only their way, and therefore, they cannot stand that the President has the legal authority to issue an Executive order. That is not the way to protect ourselves against all of these adversaries. 
When I came to Washington as a 
young Congressman many moons ago, it was very clearly understood that partisan politics stopped at the water’s edge. When it came to matters of na-tional security, there were no partisan politics. When it came to matters of foreign policy, there were no partisan politics. Oh my, how times have changed. Now, with the injection of ideological politics, it is time for us to move on. 
f 
DISCOVERY SATELLITE 
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, the 
third and last subject I wish to address is the launch of a major spacecraft/sat-ellite which will be for the interest of the United States and the free world. Hopefully, that will take place tomor-row evening around 6 p.m. 
I was at the Cape last night thinking 
that the Discovery satellite was going to be launched atop a Falcon rocket on pad 40 at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. All systems were go, save for the radar system on the eastern test range of the Air Force Operational Test and Evaluation Center. The radar system went down, and they obviously cannot launch a rocket if they can’t track it precisely, just in case it were to err from its course and had to be de-stroyed. So it was postponed. It has now been rescheduled for tomorrow night at approximately 6 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09FE6.023 S09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S848 February 9, 2015 
Why is this important? It is impor-
tant because there are three major in-struments. There are many more, but I will only mention three. No. 1, it will constantly aim an instrument at the Sun so when there is an additional solar explosion, which is a nuclear ex-plosion on the face of the Sun, and all that additional radiation starts coming in what is known as solar wind to the United States, we can prepare for that nuclear radiation and save our sat-ellites, save certain electrical grid sys-tems, and warn pilots who are flying a route over the poles where the mag-netic field of the Earth does not pro-tect and repel against the nuclear radi-ation coming from the Sun, which is extremely important to commercial satellites, commercial systems on the ground, and is especially important to our military warning satellites. 
We are fortunate there is a satellite 
that was put up in the late 1990s. Its ac-ronym is ACE. It had a design life of 5 years, which would have been the early 2000s. This little satellite keeps pro-ducing. It measures the solar wind, or nuclear radiation, coming from the Sun about every 40 minutes. It was sup-posed to have been dead years ago. It is still perking. 
This satellite will replace it and will 
warn us of a nuclear blast—not every 40 minutes but much more rapidly, like every 1 or 2 minutes, which will give us the ability to save our systems on the ground and in orbit. That is one instru-ment. 
Now, since this payload will be at a 
neutrally buoyant point where the Earth’s gravitational pull stops and the Sun’s gravitational pull stops— called the Lagrangian Point No. 1, or L–1, between the Earth and the Sun— which is a little less than 1 million miles from the Earth, and because the gravitational pull of the Sun is much greater—it is about 92 million miles from the Sun—it will stay there and constantly look at the Sun in one di-rection, and in the other direction it looks at the Earth. 
These are the other two instruments. 
One instrument will constantly meas-ure the heat coming from the Sun that is being absorbed by the Earth, and that instrument then also measures the amount of heat that is reflected off of the Earth and radiated back out into space. 
So if you want to measure exactly 
how the Earth is heating up, you get this very precise measurement of what is being absorbed minus what is being radiated back out into space, and you will know exactly how much heat the Earth is absorbing and how this planet is heating up. 
The final instrument is one that was 
conceived of by then-Vice President Al Gore, who at my invitation was there yesterday. I don’t know if he is going to be able to stay over until tomorrow to see the launch. 
What Al Gore knew was that 42 years 
ago was the last time we had a full sun-lit picture of the Earth. It was by the Apollo 17 astronauts on the face of the 
moon. They got the Earth just at the exact time. They were able to photo-graph one-half of the Earth, which was lit by the Sun behind the astronauts on the moon. That was the last time we had a full, live picture of the Earth. 
We have had many other pictures, 
but what they are is a strip here and a snippet there, and they are all stitched together—even though they were taken at different times—to make a com-posite of what the Earth looks like. 
What the satellite Discovery will do, 
as its camera looks straight back at Earth, taking about 13 photographs in a 24-hour period, since the satellite is between the Earth and the Sun, it is able to look back with the telephoto lens and it will always see the sunlit side of the entire side of the Earth as it rotates on its axis every 24 hours and as it rotates around the Sun every 365 days. That will give us a new perspec-tive of the overview effect of what this home that we call planet Earth is and what it looks like on a daily basis every 2 hours. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Hawaii. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE 
Mr. SCHATZ. Madam President, the 
Keystone legislation is likely to move to the President’s desk this week after the House takes it up, and he will veto it. The votes are not there to override a veto, either in the Senate or the House. Legislation has a natural lifecycle, and this piece of legislation is reaching the end of its lifecycle. This debate is almost over. 
So where are we when it comes to 
American energy policy? The debate that occurred on Keystone was no doubt an important one, but it was ex-actly upside down. Congress and the media treated the Keystone bill as if it would settle American energy policy once and for all, when in fact it was and is a tiny sliver of debate. American energy policy is not defined by one project or one piece of infrastructure, however contentious it may be. 
In order to have a real energy con-
versation, we have to agree on the facts, and this body cannot be the only place where there is a lack of con-sensus on the basic facts. That is why Senator W
HITEHOUSE ’s amendment, my 
amendment, Senator H OEVEN ’s amend-
ment, and those of many others were so important. 
Last month’s climate votes were illu-
minating and encouraging. First, Sen-ator W
HITEHOUSE ’s language, which 
simply stated that climate change was not a hoax, received a nearly unani-mous vote. Believe it or not, that is progress. My amendment, which stated that climate change is real, caused by humans, and has real and significant impacts, received a bare majority of the votes, with five Republicans sup-porting it. Senator H
OEVEN ’s amend-
ment had similar language, as well as some pro-Keystone language, and it at-
tracted a dozen or so Republican votes. 
What is the significance of all of 
this? It is very simple. Without ac-knowledging the problem, we cannot even begin to work on it. The wall of denial has begun to crack. So now we have a majority—and depending on how it is phrased, even a potential supermajority—in the Senate saying that climate change is real. 
Now, most every serious person in 
public life either admits the basic facts of climate change or is on their way to getting there, and that is a good thing. Now the question is: What should we do? Given our regional differences, ide-ological differences, and the partisan divide, what comes next? 
Later this year or next, we will see 
efforts to repeal a number of important environmental rules, especially the ad-ministration’s clean power plan, which will regulate carbon pollution from ex-isting and new powerplants, but that too is highly unlikely to result in any-thing other than a Presidential veto. 
So are there any areas for potential 
common ground? 
I think we saw real glimmers of hope 
and possibility during the Keystone de-bate. Several of my Republican col-leagues made the argument during the debate on Keystone that while climate change is a real problem, we must be aware of how energy costs influence economic activity. 
I could not agree more. We don’t hear 
this often from folks on my side of the debate, but price matters. No climate policy is a real solution unless it strengthens both the national and global economies. As we pursue clean energy, we must understand its im-pacts on consumers—especially indi-viduals and families in lower income communities—as well as businesses. We miss an opportunity to find common ground if we move too quickly past the questions of cost and the social and economic context in which this transi-tion is going to occur. 
We can contend with these challenges 
in Congress through a legislative solu-tion. We can create incentives, create market-based mechanisms, look at re-gional differences, and fund R&D to help develop new and less-expensive so-lutions. EPA certainly has the author-ity and the obligation under the law to regulate carbon and other greenhouse gases. I support the President’s Clean Power Plan because carbon pollution is real and it ought to be regulated under the Clean Air Act. If we want to be more comprehensive and if we want to be more nuanced and more flexible and more responsive to communities, we need a bill. Structured properly, a bill has the advantage of creating economi-cally efficient solutions that can re-duce carbon pollution from a much wider range of sources. That is why a well-designed fee on carbon is critical for our economy and our environment. 
I understand the politics are nearly 
impossible right now, but if we think 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09FE6.010 S09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S849 February 9, 2015 
about our ability as legislators to re-
munerate communities struggling dur-ing a transition, to ameliorate certain economic challenges, we may agree that legislating provides us the tools to achieve greater pollution reductions at a much lower social and economic cost. So once the Clean Power Plan is estab-lished, once it is litigated, and once it is full-on reality, I believe there may be room for compromise. 
One more point on the issue of price. 
We have to do our calculations on an all-in basis. That includes tax expendi-tures, environmental damage, health impacts, and other so-called externalities. There is plenty of good research which indicates that clean en-ergy technology is already competitive with fossil fuel technology when all costs are added in. Additionally, the cost of solar, wind, and energy effi-ciency is dropping precipitously and in many places is competing successfully in the free market, even before we con-sider the costs of pollution. 
We will have a couple of battles that 
are unavoidable—on the Clean Power Plan and likely another run at Key-stone—but there are a couple of areas that in my view don’t have to be a bat-tle. They are energy efficiency and en-ergy research. 
We ought to start with the Shaheen- 
Portman energy efficiency legislation. I have little doubt that Democrats would support this as a stand-alone bill. Energy efficiency is just common sense, and the energy experts remind us of an idea our mothers and fathers taught us growing up: waste not, want not. In other words, the straightest line toward saving money for people, businesses, and institutions is to help them adopt the latest energy efficiency practices and technologies. 
Even this has unfortunately become 
a partisan issue in the last several Con-gresses with people worried that light bulb efficiency standards were part of some Orwellian plot. But that is not what these Department of Energy standards do, and it is not what Sha-heen-Portman does. 
At its core, energy efficiency is sim-
ply this: Use less but get the same re-sult. Using less means paying less. Get-ting the same result means not having to sacrifice our way of life. The idea is not to ask people to do without, the idea is to just get more for our money. It is an old-school, conservative idea. Of course the Shaheen-Portman bill doesn’t cost the taxpayers a dime, and projections are that it will create near-ly 200,000 jobs. 
I also think there is a lot of room for 
good bipartisan work in advanced tech-nology research in the energy space— the kind the Department of Energy did for the State of Hawaii in developing a grid system that can accommodate un-precedented levels of intermittent re-newable energy, the kind that made major advances in hydraulic frac-turing, the kind that has helped the price of solar panels drop 80 percent since 2008, the kind that is making breakthroughs in battery storage, 
which has fallen in price by 40 percent since 2010, and the kind that is working on carbon capture and sequestration. 
America must lead on energy, and 
that requires us to do the kind of basic research that private companies can eventually use. A relatively small in-crease in research funding—both on the fossil and renewable side—has been shown to make an enormous impact on our economy. Investments in renew-able and fossil fuel electricity genera-tion, distribution, and transmission systems, grid stability and security, and fuel systems will enable America to lead in energy for decades to come. 
These are the kinds of investments 
we would see in a comprehensive en-ergy bill. I was so encouraged last week that the chairwoman of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, the Senator from Alaska, has indicated her desire to pursue comprehensive legisla-tion this Congress. The Senator from Alaska is a very skilled bipartisan leg-islator, and I am looking forward to working with her on these issues. I am especially encouraged by her openness to climate provisions as part of that bill, something she mentioned as re-cently as last week. Just as she has lis-tened to the concerns I and others have raised about climate change during the Keystone debate, so should we listen to her call for reliable, affordable, clean, and diverse energy supplies. 
Several energy proposals contained 
within the President’s fiscal year budg-et could become a part of a bipartisan bill, including ideas to more fully pro-mote carbon capture and sequestration technologies and protect coal workers and their communities as we transi-tion. The concerns of communities that have coal-based economies are real and legitimate and I believe any true cli-mate solution must prioritize solutions for every American. The President rec-ognized that and proposed $55 million next year to help affected communities diversify their economies, offer job training, and ensure a good transition. 
This will require compromise. It will 
require those of us on the left to con-cede that fossil fuels aren’t going to disappear instantaneously, and it will require those on the right to recognize that investing in clean energy tech-nologies doesn’t necessarily mean pick-ing winners and losers. We have wind energy in nearly all States—in fact, more in Republican than in Democratic States—and we have tea party mem-bers everywhere who love the freedom and liberty that distributed genera-tion—rooftop solar—offers. We also have clean energy progressives, includ-ing myself, who understand that we have to deal with the energy system we have, not the one we wish we had. 
The areas I have mentioned are not 
the only opportunities for bipartisan compromise, but we do need to start a dialogue, either on the floor, in com-mittees or in informal discussions, about what we can actually do. As we consider a policy solution, let’s ask the following questions: Can it be enacted 
into law? Will it advance American en-ergy security? Will it strengthen the economy and provide economic growth? Will it reduce pollution? 
There are a few areas where we are 
going to fight—there is no avoiding it— and that is OK. But there is, for the first time since I arrived, a glimmer of hope that we may be able to find com-mon ground on some of these issues and begin a serious discussion about tackling American energy policy and climate change. 
I yield the floor. Madam President, I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. MURPHY. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE 
Mr. MURPHY. Madam President, this 
is the first time I have come to the floor to speak on this issue while the Senator from Iowa has been presiding. Over the last 2 years, since the mass tragedy in my State, in Sandy Hook, CT, I have come to the floor once every week or so to give voice to victims of gun violence all across this country. I have told the story of the beautiful 6- and 7-year-olds as well as the teachers and professionals who were killed that day. 
The fact is that every day across this 
country there are two to three Sandy Hooks that happen. There are 86 people killed by guns every day in this coun-try, 2,600 a month, and over 30,000 a year. The statistics, unfortunately, have not compelled this body to action. We have done nothing—zero—about this national tragedy since Sandy Hook. That is a stain upon the con-science of this body that is impossible to erase. My hope is that by coming to the floor and speaking about who these people actually are, maybe it will prompt us to have a conversation about how we can make sure these numbers aren’t eliminated; they are never going to go away but to make sure they are lower, that they are less than these numbers, the highest in the developed world. 
Let me speak first about an extraor-
dinary young man, 44 years old, who was killed on January 20—just about 2 weeks ago—in Boston, MA. His name was Dr. Michael Davidson. He was shot by a gunman who walked into Brigham and Women’s Hospital. The gunman was the relative of someone who had been under the care of Dr. Davidson who clearly had some major illness that prompted him to think he could solve his grief by shooting the doctor who had cared for his loved one. Dr. Davidson was known at Brigham and Women’s Hospital for his gentle way 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09FE6.012 S09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S850 February 9, 2015 
with patients and their families and his 
willingness to operate on the most deli-cate hearts. He used to lie awake at night worrying about his patients. He was always receiving letters about the great care he provided. He wanted to be a cardiovascular surgeon from the time he was a little boy, which is a pretty exceptional thing. As renowned as he was as a physician, what he truly will be remembered for was for being a fa-ther to three children, and he and his wife were waiting for their fourth to arrive, due this April. 
At his funeral nearly 1,000 people 
were there to hear his wife say: 
By now, you’ve all heard that my husband, 
Michael Davidson, was a superb physician. Perhaps, most importantly, he cared im-mensely for his patients and their families. That is why the fact that a patient’s family member would take Michael away from us makes it all the more devastating. 
A brilliant surgeon and a wonderful 
father taken away from us at age 44 in Boston, MA. 
Everyone by now has heard the story 
from December 20, where two New York City police officers were killed by a mentally ill man who drove to New York with the intention of killing po-lice officers. Wenjian Liu had been in this country almost 20 years to the day—an American dream story personi-fied. His family came to this country from China to seek a better life. He came here on Christmas Eve, 1994. He wanted to be a police officer because he wanted to give back to his community. Liu once said: 
I know that being a cop is dangerous but I 
must do it. If I don’t do it and you don’t do it, then who is going to do it? 
It is that kind of commitment that 
was shown by him that day by the very fact that he was in the car. He wasn’t scheduled to work, but he volunteered to work a fill-in shift when a fellow of-ficer was late. That is just how he was. 
Rafael Ramos, otherwise known as 
Ralph Ramos, was in that car as well. He wanted to be a police officer so badly that when he was preparing to join the police academy, he took a pe-tition door to door throughout his whole neighborhood asking for his neighbors to testify to his character. He is remembered as a good police offi-cer but also as someone who shoveled all the sidewalks in his neighborhood, took his two boys to a nearby park over and over to play basketball, al-ways with a smile on his face. He was hours away from becoming a lay chap-lain. One of his dreams was to go into the ministry. He is remembered by friends and family as someone com-mitted to his family, committed to his job, but also committed to his faith. 
These two police officers were killed 
by a man named Ismaaiyl Brinsley. He was a deeply mentally ill man, some-one who had tried to commit suicide and who had become completely iso-lated from his family and from his peers. When I read his story, it struck me as not completely dissimilar from the story in Newtown, CT, Adam Lanza. Adam Lanza was a deeply trou-
bled, deeply mentally ill young man who became isolated from his peers and from his family. We can’t completely understand what caused him to do what he did that day, nor what Mr. Brinsley was thinking in his head when he drove to New York to carry out those heinous murders. 
What we know is we have largely 
abandoned the mentally ill in this country. We lock them up in prisons rather than treating their underlying illnesses. Over the course of the last half a decade, 4,000 inpatient psy-chiatric beds have been closed all across this country, forcing more of the mentally ill out on the streets and into prison and into crisis. You know, the Federal law authorizing the fund-ing we send to mental health work in this country—SAMHSA, that is the agency—has not been reauthorized in a decade. We haven’t even debated men-tal health policy on the floor of this Senate for a decade. No wonder we have a system that is in crisis. 
It means in the absence of Federal 
leadership, private organizations are stepping up to the plate. Sandy Hook promised—the group of parents of many of those children who were killed has taken up a cause called No One Eats Alone. It is a wonderful cause in which students in high school, middle school, and elementary school cafe-terias are asked to seek out one or two children who often eat alone, who are socially isolated at school, and to reach out and do small things such as sitting with them during lunch to re-move some sense of social isolation that comes often with children who bring mental illness or learning dis-abilities to school. 
That effort is admirable, and it will 
make a difference. But it speaks to the fact those groups have to step in and do things such as the No One Eats Alone campaign because Congress isn’t stepping up to the plate and doing any-thing about these numbers: 31,000 a year, 2,600 a month, 86 a day. You know what my feelings are on this. I don’t think it is just about mental health programming and funding. I think it is ridiculous 90 percent of Americans think you should have to go through a background check in order to buy a gun, yet we still won’t move forward with expanded background checks, and the majority of Americans think that dangerous assault weapons should be for the police and for our military and not be able to get into the hands of young, troubled men such as Adam Lanza to be used in mass murder. 
In the absence over the next 2 years 
of our ability to come to an agreement on changing our gun laws so they re-flect where the vast majority of the American public is, let’s at least take on the mental health crisis in this country. Let’s at least decide we are going to plus-up resources for commu-nity mental health providers. We are going to rebuild inpatient capacity. We are going to recognize that as angry as we are at people such as Ismaaiyl 
Brinsley and of young men such as Adam Lanza, there is a story there of neglect that if we address we can lower these numbers even without changes over the next 2 years in our—I would argue—very backward national back-ground check laws. 
I thank you for listening and some of 
my colleagues for being on the floor today. I know we have a number of peo-ple who want to speak. I will continue to come to the floor so my colleagues can hear the stories of people such as Officer Ramos, Officer Liu, and heroes such as Dr. Michael Davidson so that maybe the voices of these victims can prompt us to action. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
AUTHORIZATION ON USE OF 
MILITARY FORCE 
Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, 
along with Senator H ATCH , we have a 
concern we want to share with this body. One of the reasons I do is because I had planned to go ahead and intro-duce the bill having to do with the AUMF. In fact, I actually had intro-duced it a year ago, but I understand now we are coming into an agreement and Senator H
ATCH and I stand to-
gether to speak about the need for the new AUMF, authorization for use of military force, against the terrorist or-ganization known as ISIS or ISIL, or whatever you want to call it, in order to answer any legal question as to the authority the President has to defend the American people and demonstrate our commitment to the global coali-tion in defeating this radical Islamic organization. 
I have always contended the Presi-
dent had this authority anyway. In fact, I can remember a year ago he said he did. I now understand the President will be sending to Congress his own version of the AUMF this week. I will read it with interest. 
Over the past 6 months, ISIS, or 
ISIL, has expanded its control in Iraq and Syria. They continue to recruit followers worldwide. We saw just the other day what happened when we had the King of Jordan here and we had the opportunity to be with him when he got the very sad news of what happened to his F–16 pilot being burned alive. I happened to be with him in Syria just a month before that. I am talking about with the King of Jordan. 
We know firsthand what is going on. 
It is my hope the President’s proposed AUMF will include all the authorities needed to execute his strategy to stop ISIS and the President provides Con-gress with that strategy as part of any approval for an AUMF. 
The President’s proposed AUMF 
should not contain restrictions on U.S. forces or time or geographic limita-tions. An AUMF should authorize the use of all necessary and appropriate force anywhere where ISIS or any suc-cessor organization is operating until we accomplish our strategy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09FE6.013 S09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S851 February 9, 2015 
At the State of the Union speech last 
month, President Obama specifically said—and I am quoting now: 
I call on this Congress to show the world 
that we are united in this mission by passing a resolution to authorize the use of force against ISIL. We need that authority. 
That was a quote from his State of 
the Union Message. Quite frankly, he had already stated before he had that authority. I am not going to argue about that. Let’s just make sure to eliminate all doubts. 
Subsequent official White House 
statements have called for a ‘‘right- sized, modernized AUMF...it would send a powerful signal to the citizens of this country, the citizens of our allies, and to our enemies.’’ 
It was on January 23 that the Chair-
man of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen-eral Dempsey said—and I am going to quote General Dempsey’s entire quote because I think he is the No. 1 guy. He is the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of 
Staff, the one who should be the best qualified to make these decisions. 
He said: 
I think in the crafting of the AUMF, all op-
tions should be on the table, and then we can debate whether we want to use them. But the authorization should be there...In particular, it shouldn’t constrain activities geographi-cally, because ISIL knows no boundaries, [and] doesn’t recognize any boundaries—in fact it’s their intention to erase all bound-aries to their benefit. Constraints on time, or a ‘‘sunset clause,’’ I just don’t think it’s necessary. I think the nation should speak of its intent to confront this radical ideological barbaric group and leave the option until we can deal with it. 
That is all a quote from General Mar-
tin Dempsey, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. I think we need to listen to it. I don’t think the imme-diate need for an AUMF could be put more clearly or succinctly than Gen-eral Dempsey’s words, and it is my hope he was intimately involved in the drafting of the administration’s AUMF. 
It is my understanding we will see 
this tomorrow. Again, I, along with many colleagues—including my good friend from Utah—look forward to reading President Obama’s AUMF. We have to get rid of this monster. 
With that, I yield to my good friend 
from Utah. 
f 
NATIONAL SECURITY CHALLENGES 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
MR. HATCH. Madam President, 
today I rise with my friend, the senior Senator from Oklahoma, to discuss some of the most pressing national se-curity issues the Senate is poised to confront. These matters include the confirmation of Ashton Carter as Sec-retary of Defense, whose nomination I strongly support; and Senator A
YOTTE ’s Guantanamo Bay detainee 
transfer bill, of which I am a cospon-sor. Indeed, I applaud the expeditious consideration of Senator A
YOTTE ’s bill 
in the Armed Services Committee under the leadership of Senator M
CCAIN. These moves come at a critically im-
portant time as we continue to witness the spectacles of barbarism perpetrated by the so-called Islamic State, or ISIS—aid workers and journalists grue-somely beheaded; Christians tortured and murdered for refusing to convert; and most recently, a captured coalition pilot burned alive. 
These acts are just a glimpse of the 
undiluted savagery unleashed by this terrorist organization on the large swath of territory in Iraq and Syria that it controls. Even beyond its hor-rific human rights violations, the Is-lamic State threatens to destabilize the entire Middle East and it is at-tempting to undo all that was accom-plished by our servicemembers in 8 years of blood and sacrifice in Iraq. 
Most troubling of all, the Islamic 
State serves as a safe haven for ter-rorist training and planning, similar to Afghanistan prior to the September 11 attacks. With the Islamic State’s stat-ed intention to ‘‘raise the flag of Allah in the White House’’ and kill ‘‘hun-dreds of millions’’ in a worldwide ‘‘reli-gious cleansing,’’ there can be no doubt this organization poses a clear and present danger to the national security of the United States and to our allies, not only in the Middle East but throughout the world. Accordingly, we must fight and defeat this dangerous terrorist organization. 
It is therefore incumbent upon us as 
legislators to ensure we provide all the tools necessary for defeating the enemy. Personally, I agree with the Obama administration’s previous de-termination that the President has ample powers to conduct operations against the Islamic State under article II of the Constitution as well as the ex-isting authorizations for the use of military force passed by Congress in 2001 against Al Qaeda and the Taliban in 2002 for Iraq. Nevertheless, I agree with the President that Congress should authorize the use of force against the Islamic State, not only to put to rest any legal questions about the President’s power to use force, but also to demonstrate to the world Amer-ica’s resolve in this fight against ter-ror. 
If we are to pass a new authorization 
for use of military force, it is critically important to ensure that this new law is properly crafted. It will define against whom and under what condi-tions our Nation may direct its na-tional might. 
Therefore, Senator I
NHOFE and I feel 
compelled to propose general principles that we believe should guide this ef-fort, especially since it appears the President will send his own draft to Congress shortly. Senator I
NHOFE and I 
are offering these thoughts with no in-tention to undermine careful consider-ation of the President’s proposal by the Senate’s national security committees. 
Furthermore, we do not at all wish to 
complicate the efforts to reach con-sensus by laying down demands. Far from it. Rather, our intent is to facili-tate the legislative process by out-
lining some of the elements we believe to be most crucial for ensuring the suc-cess of our servicemembers as they confront this great evil. 
First, the authorization should clear-
ly articulate that the executive branch is authorized to use force—employed in accordance with the law of armed con-flict—against the Islamic State. 
Second, the authorization should be 
flexible enough to be utilized not only against the Islamic State as it appears today, but also in whatever form the organization takes going forward. This flexibility should also include the au-thority to use force against organiza-tions that are associated with or mate-rially supporting the Islamic State. 
Finally, and most importantly, the 
authorization should not impose any artificial and unnecessary limita-tions—such as those based on time, ge-ography, and type of force—that could interfere with our strategic objective of defeating the Islamic State. 
Unfortunately, many have suggested 
including such artificial limitations on the use of force in a future authoriza-tion. Specifically, many have discussed prohibiting the use of ground forces as well as providing an expiration date for the authorization. These are restric-tions the Islamic State could use to its advantage. If we are telling the Islamic State upfront we will not use ground forces, will they not tailor their strat-egy around that fact? If we advertise when the authorization expires at an arbitrary date and time, will they not hunker down and wait for that date? Why would we not only unilaterally impose limitations as to which types of tools and tactics our servicemembers can use, but then also broadcast those limitations to the enemy? 
Indeed, we believe that Congress and 
the President should heed the advice of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Martin Dempsey, who stated in an interview on January 23, 2015, that: 
I think in the crafting of the AUMF, all op-
tions should be on the table, and then we can debate whether we want to use them. But the authorization should be there. . . . In par-ticular, it shouldn’t constrain activities geo-graphically, because ISIL knows no bound-aries [and] doesn’t recognize any bound-aries—in fact it’s their intention to erase all boundaries to their benefit. . . . Constraints on time, or a ‘‘sunset clause,’’ I just don’t think it’s necessary. I think the nation should speak of its intent to confront this radical ideological barbaric group and leave the option until we can deal with it. 
Senators I NHOFE and I could not 
agree more. We hope the Congress will enact a new authorization based on the principles we are outlining here today. I want to thank him. I hope our col-leagues will take this seriously and hopefully we can turn this mess around. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G ARDNER ). 
The clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09FE6.021 S09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S852 February 9, 2015 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
THE PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
NOMINATION OF MICHAEL P. BOT-
TICELLI TO BE DIRECTOR OF NA-TIONAL DRUG CONTROL POLICY 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nomination, which the clerk will report. 
The bill clerk read the nomination of 
Michael P. Botticelli, of the District of Columbia, to be Director of National Drug Control Policy. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will be 30 minutes of debate equally divided. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, Millions 
of American families are struggling with an unrelenting addiction to con-trolled substances. This is nothing new and that is the unfortunate part about it. But after decades of taking the wrong path toward treating drug abuse, it appears that we are finally in the midst of a fundamental shift in the way we are going to focus and approach this issue. 
For years we simply considered drug 
abuse as a crime, to be dealt with by police, prosecutors, and prisons. There is now, however, a near consensus that addiction must be viewed as a public health issue. This requires coordinated investments in prevention and treat-ment. Law enforcement agencies would rather not arrest the same offenders over and over without dealing with the underlying addiction. Treating that ad-diction—rather than just punishing the addict—is often the more effective, more humane, and less costly ap-proach. 
There is perhaps no greater advocate 
for this shift in thinking than Michael Botticelli. Throughout his career in public health he has worked to bridge gaps between law enforcement, health care, and education providers. As act-ing director for the Office of National Drug Control Policy, ONDCP, he has made clear that we cannot ‘‘incar-cerate addiction out of people.’’ While law enforcement will always play a 
vital role in protecting citizens from drug-related crime, Mr. Botticelli rec-ognizes that addiction is a disease—one that can be successfully prevented and treated using the same evidence-based approach we use for other public health challenges. 
Mr. Botticelli’s nomination was re-
ported out of the Senate Judiciary Committee unanimously by voice vote last year and again last week. I am pleased that he continued to receive strong, bipartisan support from the full Senate here today. As director of ONDCP, Mr. Botticelli will help to co-ordinate drug-control activities across the Federal Government. This includes critical efforts such as administering funding for Drug-Free Communities grants and High Intensity Drug Traf-ficking Areas. It is no small task. Just last week, the President requested over $12 billion for demand reduction pro-grams. This represents the largest commitment to treating and pre-venting drug addiction in our Nation’s history, and it is badly needed. 
Much of the country is now con-
fronting a rising challenge: addiction to heroin and powerful painkillers. My home State of Vermont has not been spared, and it has attracted much at-tention for its struggles with opioid abuse. In fact, the film ‘‘The Hungry Heart’’ provides a powerful portrayal of the damage this addiction has inflicted on Vermont families. I was honored to host a screening of this moving film with Michael Botticelli last May. 
However in many ways, Vermont is 
ahead of the Nation. We in Vermont long ago recognized the problem and began developing new approaches to address it. Dedicated Vermonters working in the traditional roles of pre-vention, treatment, and law enforce-ment came together around common goals and shared strategies. These com-munity partnerships have produced in-novative and successful programs such as the Rapid Intervention Community Court in Burlington, and Project VI-SION in Rutland. Last year, the Judici-ary Committee held a hearing in Vermont on this issue. As a lifelong Vermonter, what hit me is how every-body came together for this hearing— Republicans, Democrats, Independents, law enforcement, defense counsels, clergy, teachers, medical professionals, parents and often those who have been abusers. We all realize there is no sin-gle answer, but we can do it better than we have for decades. 
First responders are saving the lives 
of addicts throughout the State by car-rying naloxone. This will save their life instead of some who would die of an overdose. Evidence-based prevention and treatment services have been ex-tended to all corners of Vermont, and barriers to recovery have been signifi-cantly reduced. That is the most im-portant part. 
These are all strategies that the 
ONDCP promotes. Mr. Botticelli under-stands that success requires an in-creased commitment to early interven-
tion and education, treatment, and smart criminal justice policies. While the scope of the challenge is immense, Mr. Botticelli has us going in the right direction. Having listened to him, hav-ing talked to him, I am really hopeful he will help get us ahead of addiction, and help end the misery it inflicts on individuals, families, and our commu-nities. I urge my fellow Senators to vote for his immediate confirmation. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
wish to express my strong support for Michael Botticelli as nominee to be the Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy. 
Mr. Botticelli has more than two dec-
ades of experience supporting those who have been affected by substance use and abuse. 
Prior to joining the Office of Na-
tional Drug Control Policy in 2012, when he was confirmed as the Deputy Director, Mr. Botticelli served as the director of the Bureau of Substance Abuse Services at the Massachusetts Department of Public Health. 
While there, he expanded prevention, 
treatment, and recovery services, and worked to implement evidence-based programs, including a youth treatment system, early intervention and treat-ment programs, and overdose preven-tion programs. 
During Mr. Botticelli’s tenure as di-
rector of the Bureau of Substance Abuse Services, he confronted the issues of heroin and prescription drug abuse head-on and worked to ensure that police officers in Quincy, MA were trained and equipped to resuscitate overdose victims using naloxone, an emergency opioid overdose reversal medication. 
Since October 2010, Quincy police of-
ficers have administered naloxone 220 times, almost always resulting in suc-cessful overdose reversal. This program has been replicated in communities throughout the country. 
As chairman of the Senate Caucus on 
International Narcotics Control, I had the opportunity to work closely with Mr. Botticelli during his time as Dep-uty Director and Acting Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy. 
Most recently, Mr. Botticelli testi-
fied at a hearing I chaired to address America’s addiction to prescription opioids and heroin, where he empha-sized the need for increased prescriber education to reduce prescription drug abuse and expanded access to naloxone nationwide. 
In addition, Mr. Botticelli has com-
mitted to working with my office to address the import, manufacture, and distribution of dangerous synthetic drugs, which take far too many lives, far too early. At a previous hearing on the topic, he provided valuable insight into the threat that synthetic drugs pose and it is my hope that we can con-tinue to work together as the Senate considers legislation to address this threat. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09FE6.016 S09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S853 February 9, 2015 
Mr. Botticelli has also been very 
clear about the fact that marijuana re-mains illegal under the Federal Con-trolled Substances Act, and has done much to disavow the notion that mari-juana is harmless. 
As a person in recovery himself, Mr. 
Botticelli brings a unique perspective to the Office of National Drug Control Policy. I believe this perspective will enable him to successfully implement a national drug control strategy that recognizes the need for both supply and demand reduction and appropriately incorporates an effective public health approach that is coupled with law en-forcement efforts. 
I look forward to continuing to work 
with Mr. Botticelli as he leads the Of-fice of National Drug Control Policy in implementing a whole of government approach to combatting illegal and il-licit drug use. 
I believe Michael Botticelli will serve 
with distinction as the Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy, and I urge my colleagues to confirm his nomination. 
Mr. LEAHY. I suggest the absence of 
a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Under the previous order, the ques-
tion is, Will the Senate advise and con-sent to the nomination of Michael P. Botticelli, of the District of Columbia, to be Director of National Drug Con-trol Policy? 
Mr. ENZI. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The assistant legislative clerk called 
the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ), the 
Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ), the Senator from Arizona 
(Mr. M CCAIN), the Senator from Kansas 
(Mr. M ORAN ), the Senator from Kansas 
(Mr. R OBERTS ), the Senator from Penn-
sylvania (Mr. T OOMEY ), the Senator 
from Louisiana (Mr. V ITTER ), and the 
Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W ICKER ). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
LANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-
ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 92, 
nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 54 Ex.] 
YEAS—92 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt 
Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell 
Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats 
Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono 
Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman 
Reed 
Reid Risch Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—8 
Cochran 
Hoeven McCain Moran 
Roberts Toomey Vitter 
Wicker 
The nomination was confirmed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table, and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will resume legislative session. 
The majority leader. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LUNAR NEW 
YEAR 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I rise today 
in celebration of the Lunar New Year, an important and festive holiday for people of Asian and Pacific Islander heritage around the world. Lunar New Year celebrations not only sustain im-portant cultural traditions that have been practiced for centuries, but also provide a moment to reflect upon the many contributions made by the Asian and Pacific Islander community in Ne-vada and across the globe. 
In my home State of Nevada, the 
Asian American community is among the fastest growing in the United States. From 2000 to 2010, the Asian American population in Nevada more than doubled. Chinese Americans, Asian Americans, and Pacific Islanders have greatly enriched Nevada’s history and culture, and I am pleased to stand today in recognition of these commu-nities as they prepare for the upcoming festivities. 
This year, families and communities 
in Nevada and across the world will welcome the Year of the Sheep, and I offer my warmest wishes for peace and 
prosperity in the coming year. 
f 
WHO’S THE BOSS? THE ‘‘JOINT EM-
PLOYER’’ STANDARD, AMERICAN SMALL BUSINESSES AND EM-PLOYMENT GROWTH 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that a copy of my remarks at the Senate Health, Edu-cation, Labor and Pensions Committee hearing last week be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
WHO’S THE BOSS? T HE‘‘JOINT EMPLOYER ’’ 
STANDARD , A MERICAN SMALL BUSINESSES  
ANDEMPLOYMENT GROWTH  
This morning we are having a hearing 
about who qualifies as a joint employer in the National Labor Relations Board’s view. 
This hearing this morning is about a pend-
ing National Labor Relations Board decision that could destroy a small business oppor-tunity for more than 700,000 Americans. These men and women are franchisees. They operate health clubs, barber shops, auto parts shops, child care centers, neighborhood restaurants, music stores, cleaning services, and much more. They use the brand name of companies like Planet Fitness, Merry Maids or Panera Bread. They may work 12 hours a day serving customers, meeting a payroll, dealing with government regulations, paying taxes, and trying to make a profit. 
We live at a time when Democrats and Re-
publicans bemoan the fact that it’s getting harder and harder to climb the economic lad-der of success in our country. Successfully operating a franchise business is today one of the most important ways to do that. Why would the pending decision by the National Labor Relations Board threaten this very American way of life, knocking the ladder out from under hundreds of thousands of Americans? The board and its General Coun-sel are pursuing a change to what is called the ‘‘joint employer’’ standard. This stand-ard, or test, has since 1984 required that for a business to be considered a joint employer, it must hold direct control over the terms and conditions of a worker’s employment—to decide that, the NLRB looks at who hires and fires, sets work hours, picks uniforms, issues directions to employees, determines compensation, handles day to day super-vision, and conducts recordkeeping. 
Under the changes the NLRB is now con-
sidering, it would take just indirect control over the employees’ terms and conditions of employment, or even unexercised potential to control working conditions, or where ‘‘in-dustrial realities’’ otherwise made it essen-tial to meaningful collective bargaining. 
So what could this mean for these more 
than 700,000 franchisees and employers? These franchise companies will find it much more practical to own all their stores and restaurants and day care centers themselves. There will be many more company-owned outposts, rather than franchisee-owned small businesses. 
Franchisees tell me they expect 
‘‘franchisors would be compelled to try to es-tablish control over staffing decisions and daily operations. . . . franchisees would lose their independence and become de facto em-ployees of the franchisor.’’ 
This case doesn’t just affect franchisees, it 
will affect every business that uses a subcon-tractor or contracts out for any service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09FE6.028 S09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S854 February 9, 2015 
That includes most of the 5.7 million busi-
nesses under NLRB jurisdiction in America— because most businesses contract for some service. 
Consider a local bicycle shop that con-
tracts out its cleaning service under a cost 
plus provision, in which the cleaner is paid for all of its expenses to a certain limit, plus a profit. If this arrangement is interpreted to create ‘‘indirect control’’ or have ‘‘unexercised potential’’ over working condi-tions—they could trigger joint employer ob-ligations. Same thing with a local restaurant that outsources all of its baked goods under a contract that includes penalties for being late or delivering substandard goods—it could be considered a joint employer of the bakery employees. 
What does it mean to be a joint employer? First, you are required to engage in collec-
tive bargaining, and are on the hook for all of the agreements made in collective bar-gaining, such as salaries, healthcare cov-erage, and pension obligations. It often takes weeks or months of an employer’s time and hefty legal costs to negotiate agreements. 
Being considered a joint employer also 
eliminates protection from what are called ‘‘secondary boycotts.’’ Current law does not allow a union to boycott companies that do business with their employer in an attempt to apply to pressure to their employer. If the secondary company is instead deemed a joint employer, the union will be able to picket and boycott. 
Imagine being an employer and having 
these legal, financial and time burdens placed upon you by a union representing em-ployees you have no real control over. 
Let me give another example—we have 
several large auto manufacturing plants in my home state of Tennessee. Let’s say one of those plants has a few thousand employees, but thousands of other workers come in and out of the plant’s gates every day to provide goods and services the facility needs to oper-ate. 
These workers are employed and directly 
controlled by subcontractors that provide se-curity, supply auto parts, and staff the com-pany lunch room. If the NLRB goes down this road, the plant owner could be forced to sit at dozens of different collective bar-gaining tables—and be responsible for an-other employer’s obligations. 
So the manufacturer would likely take as 
much ‘‘in house’’ as it can—and if that move comes at the cost of efficiency and innova-tion the plant could be relocated elsewhere. This example is especially concerning to me because more than 100,000 Tennesseans are employed in the auto manufacturing indus-try. 
As for the subcontractors, they would be 
losing huge clients, which would in turn jeopardize more jobs and threaten these busi-nesses’ futures. 
Most business owners are people who want-
ed to run their own business, be their own boss, and live their dream of providing a much-needed service in their community. 
This pending decision would ruin that 
dream for many. 
f 
WEST JEFFERSON, NORTH 
CAROLINA 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I wish to 
pay tribute to the town of West Jeffer-son, NC. Today, February 9 is the 100th anniversary of the charter of this his-torical town that has become a vibrant community attracting tourists, artists, entrepreneurs, retirees and young fam-ilies. 
Development of rural farmland into a 
town resulted from extending a rail-road line into it. Construction of road-
beds and trestles for the steel rails took place in 1914, and depots were cre-ated as loading spots. When people of this area learned that the railroad was coming, speculators made investments in villages that would be affected. A new village was also created. The West Jefferson Land Company mapped a farming area in a valley between two mountains and sold lots for commer-cial and residential uses. Developers and their purchasers were ready when the first train arrived. The West Jeffer-son depot was central and most promi-nent. As part of its official recognition by the State Legislature in 1915, the town acquired for its governance a mayor and aldermen. 
Passenger service was added by the 
railroad company and enjoyed by many. Then, as the years went by, per-sonal automobiles, paved roads, freight trucks and passenger buses created new transportation options. There were no more large tracts of virgin timber to be harvested. Railroad operation declined in profitability and the end came in 1977. The rails were taken up and trains became a romantic memory for the people of West Jefferson. Trains re-main today as images which we see in the local history museum diorama and in some of the beautiful murals on downtown buildings. Murals, galleries, studios and dynamic programs now identify West Jefferson as an arts com-munity, enhancing its image as a desir-able place in which to live. 
The town of West Jefferson has re-
ceived many accolades for its business and family-friendly environment, low cost of living, lively rebirth of its downtown district, and many other as-pects. I join the fine people of West Jef-ferson as its citizens and leaders cele-brate this historic 100th anniversary. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO GENE BESS 
∑Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I wish to 
honor Coach Gene Bess of Three Rivers College in Poplar Bluff, MO. As a coach for Three Rivers College, Gene has had an amazing career that has spanned four decades. During that time, he has maintained a winning percentage of 78 percent with an average of 27 wins per year. He has not had a losing season since becoming Three Rivers College’s head coach in 1971. 
Coach Bess has led the Three Rivers 
College Raiders to 17 tournament ap-pearances in the National Junior Col-lege Athletic Association, NJCAA tour-nament, where his career record is 41– 19. The Raiders have reached the Final Four of the NJCAA tournament nine times, while winning national cham-pionships in 1979 and 1992. 
Gene has been recognized as the 
NJCAA Coach of the Year twice, the Regional Coach of the Year on 18 occa-sions, and the Midwest Community College Athletic Conference Coach of the Year 19 times. He is a member of 
the Poplar Bluff Sports Hall of Fame, the Missouri Sports Hall of Fame, and the NJCAA Hall of Fame. 
Coach Bess is one of the best basket-
ball coaches to ever blow a whistle in college basketball, and this month, he became the first college basketball coach ever to reach 1,200 victories. This is a tremendous feat for a coach in any sport, at any level. 
Prior to his record-setting career at 
Three Rivers College, Coach Bess had a very successful record at the high school level when coaching at Lesterville, Anniston, and Oran. Over a 12-year period, these Bess-era teams won over 250 games, ending in appro-priate fashion with his Oran team play-ing for the Missouri Class M State Championship. Oran lost that game 76– 74, yet the Bess legacy was only begin-ning. 
The leadership and dedication that 
Gene Bess demonstrates as a basket-ball coach, does not stop on the court. Instead, it translates into his personal and public life. He has been married for nearly 54 years and is a deacon at the First Baptist Church of Poplar Bluff. He and his wife Nelda have two chil-dren, Janell Hartmann and Brian, one of the Raiders’ assistant coaches, and four grandchildren. Faith and family always come before his work, and this is just one secret to his success. 
I ask that all of my colleagues join 
me in congratulating Coach Bess and the Three Rivers Raiders on this rare milestone of 1,200 victories, a record that is unsurpassed at any level. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HELENE GALEN 
∑Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I wish to 
take this opportunity to recognize my great friend and an extraordinary phi-lanthropist in my State, Helene Galen, who was honored over the weekend with the Desert AIDS Project’s ‘‘100 Women Award.’’ Helene’s immense con-tributions throughout California—espe-cially in her beloved Coachella Val-ley—have left a legacy that will benefit the people of our State for decades to come. 
She has worked tirelessly to fight 
child abuse through the Barbara Si-natra Children’s Center for almost 30 years. Her strong support for Jewish Family Service of the Desert has pro-vided critical social services to seniors, children and families throughout the area. A devoted advocate for people liv-ing with HIV and AIDS, she has been a leader of the Desert AIDS Project’s ‘‘100 Women’’ program, which supports women and children affected by HIV and AIDS with food, housing and life- saving health care. 
Whenever Helene sees an unmet need, 
she doesn’t wait for someone else to step up. She jumps in with all her heart and all her passion. She led the effort to build a new performing arts center and theater at Rancho Mirage High School, which will ensure that generations of young people can pursue 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09FE6.031 S09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S855 February 9, 2015 
their dreams. A longtime member of 
the University of Southern California School of Fine Arts’ Board of Councilors, Helene and her late hus-band, Louis, were the driving force be-hind the construction of USC’s Galen Center, an arena that opened in 2006 and has provided the community an in-credible venue for sporting events, con-certs, and school activities. 
A former executive in the retail in-
dustry, Helene has used her financial savvy and management experience to benefit a host of charities and institu-tions. She has served on the boards of the Eisenhower Medical Center, the Palm Springs Art Museum, the McCallum Theatre, and the Palm Springs International Film Festival. 
A devoted mother and grandmother, 
Helene truly embodies the saying in the Jewish tradition, ‘‘Whoever saves a life, it is as if that person has saved the whole world.’’ Without a doubt, Helene’s work has saved countless lives, and her impact will be felt in California for many years to come. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE ENERGY 
INNOVATION LABORATORY 
∑Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I wish to 
commend the Idaho National Lab’s En-ergy Innovation Laboratory, EIL, for the facility’s selection as the 2014 Best Green Project in the Nation by the En-gineering News-Record. 
The recent award is among the grow-
ing list of recognitions the EIL is re-ceiving for the innovative work at the lab. Engineering News-Record also rec-ognized EIL as the Best Overall Inter-mountain Project for the States of Idaho, Utah and Montana. Addition-ally, EIL won the 2014 Go Beyond Award for the team’s work to reduce the lab’s environmental impacts. The lab is also among fewer than 5 percent of U.S. Green Building Council’s Lead-ership in Energy and Environmental Design, LEED, registry research labs to be Platinum-certified. 
EIL was completed in 2013 following 
the outstanding work of the EIL project team, led by Reed Miller of Or-mond Builders and Kath Williams, the LEED coordinator, and in collabora-tion with INL’s Project Management Office, Supply Chain Management and Campus Development Office. The new laboratory provides space for INL re-searchers to develop solutions to na-tional energy challenges in advanced clean energy and related environ-mental science while also consoli-dating some of INL’s research and de-velopment. I commend all those on the project team-including Ormond Build-ers Inc.; INL; Plan One/Architects; REL Facilities, LLC; Engineering Sys-tem Solutions; and others—for their collaborative and conscientious work to establish this exceptional research facility that is mindful of our environ-ment. 
Energy efficiencies at the facility 
have resulted in its energy use being nearly half that of other conventially- designed laboratories. In addition to its 
impressive energy savings, the facili-ty’s design also reduces its water usage. Nearly all of the construction waste was recycled, reused or repurposed, and one-third of the facil-ity was constructed using recycled ma-terials. 
Idahoans are leading the way in de-
veloping technological and scientific advancements that are beneficial around the world. The exceptional re-search and development being con-ducted at the Idaho National Labora-tory is an asset to our State and Na-tion. I commend all those on the EIL project team for their forward-thinking work. Congratulations on receiving this award. I look forward to con-tinuing to follow your success. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. OLIVIA J. 
HOOKER 
∑Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I 
wish to pay tribute to Dr. Olivia J. Hooker, a leader whose commitment to service has lifted the lives of many Americans. As the first African Amer-ican woman to serve in Active Duty in the U.S. Coast Guard, and as a survivor of the Tulsa Race Riots and founder of the Tulsa Race Riot Commission, Dr. Hooker is a pioneer and role model for all to follow. I am especially proud to recognize Dr. Hooker on her centennial birthday. 
During this momentous occasion, we 
celebrate the legacy of Dr. Olivia J. Hooker, whose strength and spirit have enriched our society. 
Dr. Hooker was born in Oklahoma in 
1915. In 1921, her community in Tulsa was destroyed in the worst race riot in United States history. The Tulsa Race Riot caused over 300 fatalities, as well as the burning of over 1,000 homes and businesses. 
Following the riot, Dr. Hooker helped 
found the Tulsa Race Riot Commission. The commission served to draft rec-ommendations for restitution. The ad-vocacy of Dr. Hooker and her allies led them to testify before the Oklahoma State Legislature and U.S. Congress. 
Dr. Hooker attended The Ohio State 
University after her family moved to Columbus, OH. After earning a bach-elor’s degree, Dr. Hooker applied to join the Navy, but was denied because of her race. Dr. Hooker then applied to join the Coast Guard, and became the first African American female to serve there. In 1942, Federal legislation cre-ated the U.S. Coast Guard Women’s Re-serve—the program known as SPAR. Dr. Hooker separated from the Coast Guard at the rank of petty officer 2nd class, with a Good Conduct Medal. 
Dr. Hooker went on to earn her mas-
ter’s degree from Teachers College at Columbia University, and then a doc-torate in psychology from the Univer-sity of Rochester. Dr. Hooker had a long, remarkable career as a professor in New York. After retiring at the age of 87, she continues to inspire and sup-port women joining the military, and believes our country prospers because 
of its diversity. 
Dr. Hooker broke barriers in our Na-
tion. Her story inspires many people who have faced adversity and discrimi-nation. Dr. Hooker’s legacy, accom-plishments, and spirit will live on in our Nation. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING JON PONDER 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize Jon Ponder for his tireless 
effort in giving others hope for a brighter future. Mr. Ponder has dedi-cated many years to helping adults exiting various segments of the judi-cial system successfully reenter the workforce and their local communities, as well as rekindle relationships with their families. He has contributed greatly to the city of Las Vegas by founding HOPE for Prisoners, Inc., HOPE, which gives ex-offenders the support necessary to reduce the likeli-hood of returning to prison. 
Mr. Ponder stands as a shining exam-
ple of someone who has devoted his life to the betterment of others. He found-ed HOPE in January of 2012 and has since worked to create a strong pro-gram to successfully streamline men and women back into society. The pro-gram has graduated over 800 people through its leadership workshop who have gone on to successfully obtain full-time jobs. As founder and CEO, Mr. Ponder has contributed greatly to the success of the program. 
HOPE services 12 agencies and offers 
life-skills training, work-readiness training, and job-development opportu-nities, encouraging those in the pro-gram to work hard to become a posi-tive, contributing member of the com-munity. Mr. Ponder has taken his own life experiences and used them in a positive manner to truly transform the lives of others. His ambition to help others is invaluable. He recently re-ceived the Leadership Award from the International Church of Las Vegas, a well-deserved honor for all of his hard work. 
I extend my deepest gratitude to Mr. 
Ponder for his selfless contributions to the Las Vegas community and the indi-viduals that have benefited from HOPE. His service to Nevada places him among the outstanding men and women of the State. 
Today, I ask my colleagues and all 
Nevadans to join me in recognizing Mr. Ponder and his work for HOPE, a pro-gram with a mission that is both noble and necessary. I am honored to ac-knowledge Mr. Ponder and his tireless efforts to give others a second chance in Nevada. Giving these men and women the skills to allow them to change their circumstances is admi-rable, and I wish the program the best of luck in all of its future endeavors. ∑ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09FE6.015 S09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S856 February 9, 2015 
REMEMBERING HENRY LEE 
FIELDS 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I wish 
to commemorate a Georgia first re-sponder, public servant and leader, Chief Henry Lee Fields, who passed away on December 28, 2014. ∑Chief Fields was born to Eddie Lee 
and Dorothea Johnson Fields on July 13, 1944, in Dougherty County, GA. He worked hard to graduate from Monroe High School in 1963, and attended New-ark Community College before return-ing home in 1964 and working as an auto mechanic. He and his wife Doro-thy Fields had two daughters, Rosalind and Wynne, and he was in the auto-motive field when he applied for a job at the fire department and found his true calling. 
Chief Fields worked his way up the 
ladder and, in 1991, became the first Af-rican-American to serve as chief of the Albany Fire Department in Albany, GA. 
During that time, Chief Fields also 
served in the role of emergency man-agement director, and was confronted with two major floods that devastated the area in 1994 and 1998. 
Chief Fields retired in 2000 after 
touching many lives through his fire safety efforts and through his church, Jordan Grove Missionary Baptist, where he served in many roles. 
The Albany Fire Department head-
quarters appropriately lowered their flags to half-mast during the memorial service for Chief Fields. 
Henry Fields was an inspirational 
leader and his years of service to his community will not be forgotten. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. NORMAN 
FRANCIS 
∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I wish to 
honor Dr. Norman Francis, president of Xavier University of Louisiana and grand marshall for the 2015 Zulu Social Aid and Pleasure Club Coronation Ball. 
Dr. Francis was born in Lafayette, 
LA, to the son of a barber and a stay- home mother who valued education and hard work. After Dr. Francis grad-uated from St. Paul High School in 1948, he was awarded a scholarship to Xavier University, America’s only his-torically black Catholic university, where he excelled academically. In 1953, he enrolled in Loyola University New Orleans from which he earned his juris doctorate in 1955. After this, he spent 2 years in the U.S. Army before returning to New Orleans. 
In 1968, Dr. Francis was named presi-
dent of Xavier University. He was the first African American man to lead Xa-vier, and he is currently the longest- sitting university president in the United States. As both a student and eventual administrator, Dr. Francis has been at Xavier for more than five decades. He is credited with being the catalyst for nearly every new building constructed on the campus during the past four decades. Under Dr. Francis’ leadership, Xavier 
continues to rank first nationally in the number of African American stu-dents earning undergraduate degrees in the biology and the life sciences, chem-istry, physics, and pharmacy. Since 1993, Xavier has also continued to rank first nationally for African American students being accepted into medical schools. 
Dr. Francis has received numerous 
honorary degrees from other univer-sities and prestigious awards in rec-ognition of his leadership in higher education and for unselfish service to New Orleans and to our Nation. In 2006, he was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President George W. Bush. Dr. Francis served as chairman of the Louisiana Recovery Authority following the devastation from Hurri-cane Katrina and Rita, and he was a leader in the efforts to rebuild the lives of those affected by the storms. In the aftermath of these storms, one publica-tion called Dr. Francis a ‘‘quiet hero.’’ This is a great way to describe a man who has done so much for his univer-sity, his community, his State, and his Nation. 
I am pleased to join with the Zulu 
Social Aid and Pleasure Club in hon-oring grand marshall Dr. Norman Francis. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 3:03 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 527. An act to amend chapter 6 of title 
5, United States Code (commonly known as the Regulatory Flexibility Act), to ensure compete analysis of potential impacts on small entities of rules, and for other pur-poses. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bill was read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 527. An act to amend chapter 6 of title 
5, United States Code (commonly known as the Regulatory Flexibility Act), to ensure complete analysis of potential impacts on small entities of rules, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following bill was read the sec-
ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
S. 405. A bill to protect and enhance oppor-
tunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, and for other purposes. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: EC–591. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Management and Budget, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘OMB Re-port to the Congress on the Joint Committee Reductions for Fiscal Year 2016’’; to the Committees on the Budget; and Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–592. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Management and Budget, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘OMB Se-questration Preview Report to the President and Congress for Fiscal Year 2016’’; to the Committees on the Budget; and Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–593. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Difenoconazole; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9920–98) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 4, 2015; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–594. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Flutriafol; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9922–06) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 4, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. 
EC–595. A communication from the Under 
Secretary for Rural Development, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Rural Development Regulations—Update to FmHA References and to Census References’’ (RIN0570–AA30) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 4, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–596. A communication from the Deputy 
Assistant Secretary for Export Administra-tion, Bureau of Industry and Security, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Russian Sanctions: Licensing Policy for the Crimea Region of Ukraine’’ (RIN0694–AG43) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 3, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs . 
EC–597. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revi-sions to the Unverified List (UVL)’’ (RIN0694–AG35) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 4, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–598. A communication from the Chair-
man and President of the Export-Import Bank, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to transactions involving U.S. exports to Norway; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–599. A communication from the Chair-
man and President of the Export-Import Bank, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to transactions involving U.S. exports to the United Arab Emirates; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban 
Affairs. 
EC–600. A communication from the Asso-
ciate General Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Office of Community Planning and Development, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Housing Trust Fund’’ (RIN2506–AC30) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 5, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09FE6.005 S09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S857 February 9, 2015 
EC–601. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary of Defense (Homeland Defense and Global Security), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to assistance pro-vided by the Department of Defense (DoD) for sporting events during calendar year 2014; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–602. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary of the Navy (Research, Devel-opment and Acquisition), transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress On Repair of Naval Vessels in For-eign Shipyards’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–603. A communication from the Assist-
ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Test Procedures for Fluorescent Lamp Ballasts’’ ((RIN1904–AB99) (Docket No. EERE–2009–BT–TP–0016)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 5, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–604. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to sections 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–120); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
EC–605. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Employee Benefits Security Administration, Department of Labor, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Annual Funding Notice for Defined Benefit Plans’’ (RIN1210–AB18) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 3, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–606. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Mother and Infant Home Visiting Program Evalua-tion: Early Findings on the Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting Pro-gram’’; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–607. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Communications and Legisla-tive Affairs, Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Annual Sunshine Act Re-port for 2014; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–608. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Personnel Management, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the pe-riod from April 1, 2014 through September 30, 2014 and the Management Response for the period ending September 30, 2014; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–609. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Performance and Account-ability Report for fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–610. A communication from the Assist-
ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Bureau of Prisons’ compliance with the privatization requirements of the National Capital Revitalization and Self-Government Improvement Act of 1997; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–611. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Commission, Bureau of Com-petition, Federal Trade Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revised Jurisdictional Thresholds for Section 8 of the Clayton Act’’ (FR Doc. 
2015–00929) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 4, 2015; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–612. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Commission, Bureau of Com-petition, Federal Trade Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revised Jurisdictional Thresholds for Section 7a of the Clayton Act’’ (FR Doc. 2015–00933) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 4, 2015; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–613. A communication from the Assist-
ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Uni-formed Services Employment and Reemploy-ment Rights Act of 1994 (USERRA) Quarterly Report to Congress; First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2015’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs . 
EC–614. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Washington; Redesignation to Attainment for the Ta-coma-Pierce County Nonattainment Area and Approval of Associated Maintenance Plan for the 2006 24-Hour Fine Particulate Matter Standard’’ (FRL No. 9922–81–Region 10) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 4, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–615. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; New Mexico; Transpor-tation Conformity and Conformity of Gen-eral Federal Actions’’ (FRL No. 9922–73–Re-gion 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 4, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–616. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; North Carolina; Inspection and Maintenance Program Updates’’ (FRL No. 9922–42–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 4, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–617. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revision to the Arizona State Imple-mentation Plan; Nogales Nonattainment Area; Fine Particulate Matter Emissions In-ventories’’ (FRL No. 9922–74–Region 9) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 4, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–618. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to the California State Im-plementation Plan, Placer County Air Pollu-tion Control District and San Joaquin Valley Unified Air Pollution Control District’’ (FRL No. 9921–37–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 4, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–619. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to the Clean Air Act Sec-tion 110 Submission Requirements for State Implementation Plans and Notice of Avail-
ability of an Option for Electronic Report-ing’’ ((RIN2060–AS20) (FRL No. 9922–54–Re-gion OAR)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 4, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. 
EC–620. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Regulation of Fuels and Fuel Addi-tives: Extension of the Reformulated Gaso-line Program to Maine’s Southern Counties’’ ((RIN2060–AS19) (FRL No. 9921–82–OAR)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 4, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–621. A communication from the Under 
Secretary for Policy, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the National Transpor-tation Safety Board’s 2015 Most Wanted List; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–622. A communication from the Attor-
ney Advisor, Federal Railroad Administra-tion, Department of Transportation, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a va-cancy in the position of Federal Railroad Ad-ministrator, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–623. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries Off West Coast States; Modifica-tions of the West Coast Commercial and Rec-reational Salmon Fisheries; Inseason Ac-tions No. 24 through No. 44’’ (RIN0648–XD547) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 4, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–624. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Catcher/Proc-essors Using Trawl Gear in the Central Regu-latory Area of the Gulf of Alaska ‘‘ (RIN0648– XD713) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 4, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–625. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Inseason Adjustment to the 2015 Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Pollock, Atka Mackerel, and Pacific Code Total Al-lowable Catch Amounts’’ (RIN0648–XD688) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 4, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–626. A communication from the Deputy 
Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-grams, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Ves-sel Monitoring Systems; Requirements for Enhanced Mobile Transceiver Unit and Mo-bile Communication Service Type-Approval’’ (RIN0648–BD02) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 4, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–627. A communication from the Deputy 
Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-
grams, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\FEB 15\S09FE5.REC S09FE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S858 February 9, 2015 
States; Atlantic Coastal Fisheries Coopera-
tive Management Act Provisions; American Lobster Fishery’’ (RIN0648–BD45) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 4, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–628. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No . FAA–2014–0924)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 4, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–629. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0927)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 4, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–630. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0925)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 4, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–631. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Ltd. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2009–0108)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 4, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–632. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0580)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 4, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–633. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0587)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 4, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–634. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; PILATUS Aircraft Ltd. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0770)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 4, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–635. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– 
AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0692)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 4, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–636. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (36); Amdt. No. 3623’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 4, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–637. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Catcher Vessels Using Hook-and-Line Gear in the Central Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska ‘‘ (RIN0648–XD654) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 4, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY, from the Committee 
on the Judiciary, without amendment: 
S. 295. A bill to amend section 2259 of title 
18, United States Code, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 337. A bill to improve the Freedom of In-
formation Act. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. 
HEINRICH ): 
S. 410. A bill to strengthen Indian edu-
cation, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs. 
By Mr. BARRASSO (for himself, Ms. 
H
EITKAMP , Mr. E NZI, and Mr. 
HOEVEN ): 
S. 411. A bill to authorize the approval of 
natural gas pipelines and establish deadlines and expedite permits for certain natural gas gathering lines on Federal land and Indian land; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
By Ms. MIKULSKI: 
S. 412. A bill to amend the Elementary and 
Secondary Education Act of 1965 to encour-age and support parent, family, and commu-nity involvement in schools, to provide need-ed integrated services and comprehensive supports to children for the ultimate goal of assisting students to stay in school, become successful learners, improve their academic achievement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. 
G
RASSLEY ): 
S. 413. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to deny tax deductions for corporate regulatory violations; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and 
Mrs. B
OXER ): 
S. 414. A bill to provide for conservation, 
enhanced recreation opportunities, and de-velopment of renewable energy in the Cali-fornia Desert Conservation Area, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. 
H
EINRICH ): S. 415. A bill to amend the Individuals with 
Disabilities Education Act in order to limit the penalties to a State that does not meet its maintenance of effort level of funding to a one-time penalty, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. UDALL: 
S. 416. A bill to authorize the Secretary of 
Education to make grants to promote the education of expectant and parenting stu-dents; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and 
Mrs. F
ISCHER ): 
S. 417. A bill to encourage spectrum licens-
ees to make unused spectrum available for use by rural and smaller carries in order to expand wireless coverage; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. UDALL: 
S. 418. A bill to support and encourage the 
health and well-being of elementary school and secondary school students by enhancing school physical education and health edu-cation; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. 
H
EINRICH ): 
S. 419. A bill to assist coordination among 
science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics efforts in the States, to strengthen the capacity of elementary schools, middle schools, and secondary schools to prepare students in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. 
E
NZI, Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. B LUNT , 
Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. I SAKSON , 
Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. B URR, Mr. S ESSIONS , 
Mr. R ISCH, Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. C OATS , 
Mr. S COTT, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. K IRK, 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. R UBIO, 
Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. 
WICKER , Mr. S HELBY , Ms. C OLLINS , 
Mr. P AUL, Mr. C OTTON , Mrs. C APITO , 
Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. 
MCCAIN, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. 
JOHNSON , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. I NHOFE , 
Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mrs. E RNST , Mr. D AINES , 
Mrs. F ISCHER , and Mr. C RUZ): 
S.J. Res. 8. A joint resolution providing for 
congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the National Labor Relations Board relating to representation case proce-dures; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. SHELBY: 
S.J. Res. 9. A joint resolution proposing an 
amendment to the Constitution of the United States which requires (except during time of war and subject to suspension by Congress) that the total amount of money expended by the United States during any fiscal year not exceed the amount of certain revenue received by the United States during such fiscal year and not exceed 20 percent of the gross domestic product of the United States during the previous calendar year; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 85 
At the request of Mr. K ING, the name 
of the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 85, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to establish a simplified income-driven repayment plan, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09FE6.011 S09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S859 February 9, 2015 
S. 111 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. R
EID) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
111, a bill to prohibit a Federal agency from establishing or implementing a policy that discourages or prohibits the selection of a resort or vacation des-tination as the location for a con-ference or event, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 113 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
113, a bill to ensure that Federal Reg-ister notices submitted to the Bureau of Land Management are reviewed in a timely manner. 
S. 140 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 140, a bill to combat human trafficking. 
S. 141 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
141, a bill to repeal the provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act providing for the Independent Payment Advisory Board. 
S. 149 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 149, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the ex-cise tax on medical devices. 
S. 164 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 164, a bill to increase the rates of pay under the General Sched-ule and other statutory pay systems and for prevailing rate employees by 3.8 percent, and for other purposes. 
S. 166 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 166, a bill to stop exploi-tation through trafficking. 
S. 178 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) and the Senator 
from West Virginia (Mrs. C APITO ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 178, a bill to provide justice for the victims of traf-ficking. 
S. 183 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 183, a bill to repeal the annual fee on health insurance providers enacted by the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act. 
S. 192 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
192, a bill to reauthorize the Older Americans Act of 1965, and for other 
purposes. 
S. 197 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
names of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ), the Senator from Oregon (Mr. 
WYDEN ) and the Senator from Rhode Is-
land (Mr. R EED) were added as cospon-
sors of S. 197, a bill to amend the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to award grants to States to im-prove delivery of high-quality assess-ments, and for other purposes. 
S. 223 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 223, a bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to estab-lish a pilot program on awarding grants for provision of furniture, household items, and other assistance to homeless veterans to facilitate their transition into permanent housing, and for other purposes. 
S. 235 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
names of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) and the Senator from 
California (Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 235, a bill to provide for wildfire suppression operations, and for other purposes. 
S. 265 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 265, a bill to expand opportunity through greater choice in education, and for other purposes. 
S. 269 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the 
names of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) and the Senator from 
Kansas (Mr. M ORAN ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 269, a bill to expand sanctions imposed with respect to Iran and to impose additional sanctions with respect to Iran, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 283 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
283, a bill to prohibit the Internal Rev-enue Service from modifying the stand-ard for determining whether an organi-zation is operated exclusively for the promotion of social welfare for pur-poses of section 501(c)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
S. 299 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 299, a bill to allow travel be-tween the United States and Cuba. 
S. 301 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the 
names of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ), the Senator from Con-
necticut (Mr. M URPHY ), the Senator 
from Alabama (Mr. S ESSIONS ) and the 
Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 
301, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in com-
memoration of the centennial of Boys Town, and for other purposes. 
S. 309 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
309, a bill to prohibit earmarks. 
S. 316 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
316, a bill to amend the charter school program under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
S. 327 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the 
names of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) and the Senator from 
Nevada (Mr. H ELLER ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 327, a bill to provide for auditable financial statements for the Department of Defense, and for other purposes. 
S. 335 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 335, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve 529 plans. 
S. 337 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 337, a bill to improve the Freedom of Information Act. 
S. 352 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 352, a bill to amend sec-tion 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemption from the indi-vidual health coverage mandate, and for other purposes. 
S. 356 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name 
of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
356, a bill to improve the provisions re-lating to the privacy of electronic com-munications. 
S. 373 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 373, a bill to provide for the estab-lishment of nationally uniform and en-vironmentally sound standards gov-erning discharges incidental to the nor-mal operation of a vessel. 
S. 384 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 384, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to facilitate water leasing and water transfers to promote conservation and efficiency. 
S. 386 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
names of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) and the Senator from 
Maine (Ms. C OLLINS ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 386, a bill to limit the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09FE6.012 S09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S860 February 9, 2015 
authority of States to tax certain in-
come of employees for employment du-ties performed in other States. 
S. 394 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) and the Senator from 
Minnesota (Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 394, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend the 15-year recov-ery period for qualified leasehold im-provement property, qualified res-taurant property, and qualified retail improvement property. 
S. 402 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 402, a bill to establish a Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) Master Teacher Corps program. 
S. 404 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the 
name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 404, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit tak-ing minors across State lines in cir-cumvention of laws requiring the in-volvement of parents in abortion deci-sions. 
S. RES. 40 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
Res. 40, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate regarding efforts by the United States and others to pre-vent Iran from developing a nuclear weapon. 
S. RES. 69 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the 
names of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ), the Senator from South 
Carolina (Mr. S COTT) and the Senator 
from Missouri (Mr. B LUNT ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. Res. 69, a resolution calling for the protection of religious minority rights and freedoms world-wide. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. REED (for himself and 
Mr. G RASSLEY ): 
S. 413. A bill to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to deny tax de-ductions for corporate regulatory vio-lations; to the Committee on Finance. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, today I am 
reintroducing, along with Senator G
RASSLEY , the Government Settlement 
Transparency and Reform Act. This bill aims to end the subsidization of il-legal corporate behavior by taxpayers by closing a loophole that allows cor-porations to reap tax benefits from payments made to the government stemming from settling corporate mis-deeds. 
Corporations accused of illegal activ-
ity routinely settle legal disputes with the government out of court because it allows both the company and the gov-ernment to avoid the time, expense, 
and uncertainty of going to trial. Under Federal law, money paid to set-tle corporate civil or criminal pen-alties is not deductible. But under the tax code, offending companies may often write off any portion of a settle-ment that is not paid directly to the government as a penalty or fine for violation of the law. Corporations ex-ploit this provision by later character-izing settlement penalties as restitu-tion and a tax-deductible business ex-pense. 
I think most would agree that, for 
example, a corporation should not come to an agreement with the govern-ment to pay $500 million in criminal or civil fines and then when they file their taxes count those very fines as a busi-ness expense and take a tax windfall. Corporations that do this are effec-tively using taxpayer dollars to sub-sidize their illegal behavior. In 2005, the Government Accountability Office found that of the 34 companies and $1 billion in settlements they examined, 20 companies took a tax deduction for some or all of the money it paid to the government. Those settlements were silent on whether that $1 billion to the government counted as penalties or restitution. According to GAO, in two of those settlements, company rep-resentatives said they made a mistake in deducting civil penalty payments to-taling $1.9 million and said they would amend their tax returns. 
To address these practices, the Reed- 
Grassley bill would amend 162(f) of the tax code and require the government and the settling party to reach pre-fil-ing agreements on how the settlement payments should be treated for tax purposes. Our bill also clarifies the rules about what settlement payments are punitive and therefore non-deduct-ible. Furthermore, it increases trans-parency by requiring the government to file a return at the time of settle-ment to accurately reflect the tax treatment of the amounts that will be paid by the offending party. 
Last Congress it was estimated that 
over a ten-year budget window this leg-islation would raise $218 million in rev-enue. 
With this legislation we can close 
this tax loophole that flies in the face of sensible and fair tax policy. The tax code should not be used to subsidize il-legal activity by corporations. Indeed, when a fine is levied, that fine should not be construed as a legitimate busi-ness expense. Instead, it should be paid in full, with no tax deduction taken. 
I want to thank Senator G
RASSLEY  
for working with me again on this leg-islation. He has long championed clos-ing this loophole. I urge our colleagues to join us by cosponsoring this legisla-tion and seeking its passage. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself 
and Mrs. B OXER ): 
S. 414. A bill to proide for conserva-
tion, enhanced recreation opportuni-ties, and development of renewable en-ergy in the California Desert Conserva-
tion Area, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, 
today I am introducing the California Desert Conservation and Recreation Act, a piece of legislation that serves as an update to the historic California Desert Protection Act of 1994. 
This bill reflects our attempt to 
achieve consensus among the various uses of desert land and the many stake-holders involved. This bill is bipartisan and it charts a commonsense path for-ward for the California desert. 
It protects additional desert land. It 
helps manage my State’s natural re-sources. It balances competing inter-ests. It includes provisions on recre-ation and renewable energy develop-ment. 
Overall, it ensures that the Cali-
fornia desert will remain what it is today: a true American treasure. 
This bill has been a long time in the 
making. 
Only three months after I was sworn 
in as Senator, in January 1993, I intro-duced the Desert Protection Act. I picked up where my predecessors left off, and President Clinton signed the bill into law in October 1994. 
This law was the largest land con-
servation designation in the conti-nental United States: 
It protected or increased existing 
protection for 9.6 million acres of desert land. 
It established the iconic national 
parks of Joshua Tree and Death Valley, as well as the Mojave National Pre-serve. 
It helped save habitats for endan-
gered species. 
It continues to attract millions of 
tourists to southern California—a boon for the economy. 
It has ensured that the beautiful 
landscapes will be enjoyed for genera-tions. 
I recently visited the desert to cele-
brate the 20-year anniversary of that legislation becoming law. I was once again reminded how stunning the spe-cial land is. Simply put, it is an icon of the American West. 
I became even more convinced: now 
is the time to do even more. 
This is why I am introducing new 
legislation—to build upon the legacy of 1994. 
The bill I am introducing today has a 
simple goal: to help manage Califor-nia’s desert resources with a well- planned approach that balances con-servation, recreation, energy produc-tion and other needs. 
This bill is first and foremost a bipar-
tisan bill. It brings so many groups to-gether: 
Environmental groups; State and 
local governments; the off-road com-munity; cattle ranchers; mining inter-ests; the Defense Department; energy companies; California’s public utility companies; and many others. 
To account for all the uses of the 
desert, this whole effort was based on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09FE6.014 S09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S861 February 9, 2015 
an attempt to find consensus. We have 
worked very hard over the years to build that consensus. 
We have consulted these stakeholders 
over the past 6 years. We have had thousands of hours of discussions. They have provided invaluable input and I am grateful for all of them coming to the table. 
The cornerstone of the legislation is 
the creation of two new national monu-ments: 
First is the Mojave Trails National 
Monument, which would encompass 965,000 acres. Of that, 196,000 acres is Caetellus lands, the areas acquired or donated to the Federal Government be-tween 1999 and 2004 with the purpose of conserving land for the American pub-lic. 
It should be noted that this donated 
land, which stretches from the Mexican border to San Bernardino county, was the largest land donation to the U.S. Government in the continental United States. But recently, the aim to con-serve it was threatened by the develop-ment of some solar energy projects. That is why this bill is necessary: to ensure that the intention of those gen-erous donors, to protect this land in perpetuity, is actually realized. 
The second monument designation is 
the Sand to Snow National Monument. This would be made up of 135,000 acres of land from the desert floor in the Coachella Valley to the top of Mount San Gorgonio. 
The Mojave Trails National Monu-
ment is essential as it contains impor-tant wildlife corridors and habitats. The Sand to Snow National Monument, likewise, would be one of the most en-vironmentally diverse monuments in the country, including habitat for 240 species of migrating and breeding birds. 
The bill has many other conservation 
provisions including: designating six BLM wilderness areas, covering 250,000 acres of land, designating 77 miles along 4 waterways as Wild and Scenic River; adding land to the Death Valley National Park, 39,000 acres, Mojave Na-tional Preserve, 22,000 acres, and Josh-ua Tree National Park, 4,500 acres. 
Conserving pristine desert land such 
as this is most definitely in the inter-ests of our country. The California desert is a very special place and it de-serves to stay that way. 
The bill also designates five existing 
BLM Off-Highway Vehicle Areas, cov-ering approximately 142,000 acres of desert, as permanent Off-Highway Ve-hicle, OHV, recreation areas. 
As has been stated, the desert has 
many uses, and motorists have long used the area for recreation. These pro-visions give off-highway enthusiasts the certainty they need. Their use of the desert will be protected as much as conservation areas are. 
In fact, in this regard we have had 
success in recent years. Congressman P
AUL COOK and I brokered an agree-
ment for the mixed use of Johnson Val-ley, which was the subject of debate be-tween the Marine Corps and off-road 
vehicle enthusiasts. We brought the parties together and reached a com-promise. We made clear what land was for off-roading, what land was for Ma-rine Corps training only and what land was to be shared. 
This model of compromise should be 
instructive. When the parties come to-gether, as they have in the case of this bill, we can achieve an equitable and fair distribution of the land. 
Another use of the desert land that 
we must take into account is renew-able energy. 
Let me be clear: developing cleaner 
energy is important for California’s economy and for our efforts to fight global warming. 
But I also feel strongly that we must 
be very careful where these facilities are located. 
Balancing conservation, development 
and other uses is possible, we just need to come up with the right solutions. Thankfully, some of these com-promises are already in place. 
In April 2009 there were 28 solar and 
wind energy proposals on lands pro-posed to be included in the Mojave Trails National Monument, including sites on former Catellus lands intended for permanent conservation. 
I visited some of those sites at the 
time, including one particularly beau-tiful area known as the Broadwell Val-ley, where thousands of acres of pris-tine lands were proposed for develop-ment. Seeing it first hand, I quickly came to the conclusion that those lands were simply not the right place for renewable energy development. 
Since then, 26 of the 28 applications 
have been withdrawn. So what hap-pened in the nearly 6 years since then? 
First, the Energy and Interior De-
partments developed new solar energy zones. These zones allow projects to be developed on lands least likely to harm plant and wildlife species, and allow projects to be completed faster and with fewer conflicts. This is a smart compromise. 
Second, California has worked close-
ly with Federal agencies to develop the Desert Renewable Energy Conservation Plan. This blueprint will help identify pristine lands that warrant protection and direct energy projects elsewhere. 
Today, none of the land proposed for 
renewable development or trans-mission as part of these initiatives con-flicts with the conservation proposed in this bill. 
This is a fair balancing of priorities, 
and I think it provides a clear path for-ward. 
The bill I am introducing also takes 
additional action to help promote re-sponsible renewable energy develop-ment. 
Specifically, the bill requires the In-
terior Department to exchange ap-proximately 370,000 acres of small, iso-lated parcels of State land for Federal land. By swapping state land that is often surrounded by wilderness and na-tional parks for other federal land, these exchanges will provide California 
with sites for renewable energy produc-tion, recreation or other uses. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to take 
a good look at this legislation. I hope they understand that the many stake-holders involved have made their voices heard. The text of this legisla-tion represents a consensus effort. 
Most importantly, I hope they recog-
nize the simple fact that desert con-servation has never been a partisan issue. 
Over the years, legislators have come 
together across party lines to preserve this great piece of land. 
Given our past success, I am hopeful 
this Congress will take this legislation up and move it forward. It is the right thing to do, and the California desert needs it. 
By Mr. ALEXANDER (for him-
self, Mr. E NZI, Mr. M CCONNELL , 
Mr. B LUNT , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. 
HATCH , Mr. I SAKSON , Ms. 
AYOTTE , Mr. B URR, Mr. S ES-
SIONS , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. P ERDUE , 
Mr. C OATS , Mr. S COTT, Mr. R OB-
ERTS , Mr. K IRK, Mr. B ARRASSO , 
Mr. T HUNE , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. 
BOOZMAN , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. H ELL-
ER, Mr. W ICKER , Mr. S HELBY , 
Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. P AUL, Mr. 
COTTON , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. 
LANKFORD , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. 
MCCAIN, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
MORAN , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. G RA-
HAM, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. G RASS -
LEY, Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. G ARD-
NER, Mrs. E RNST , Mr. D AINES , 
Mrs. F ISCHER , and Mr. C RUZ): 
S.J. Res. 8. A joint resolution pro-
viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the National Labor Relations Board re-lating to representation case proce-dures; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, re-
cently the Senate has had a lot of dis-cussion about partisan overreach. We have talked about an administration that seems to view democracy as what it can get away with, not what it can work cooperatively to achieve. It is worrying for our country, and we keep seeing more examples of it. 
Consider the administration’s effort 
to weaken workers’ rights. This admin-istration’s appointees on the National Labor Relations Board released their so-called ambush rule back in Decem-ber. It is designed with one purpose in mind: to fatten the wallets of powerful political bosses by weakening the rights of middle-class workers. 
Republicans believe a worker has a 
right to make her own informed choices about joining a union. We don’t think powerful political bosses should attempt to make that decision for her, but that is just what this rule aims to achieve. These bosses think they can enrich their own coffers if they can deny workers real opportunities to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09FE6.027 S09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S862 February 9, 2015 
weigh the pros and cons of joining a 
union. For instance, in an era of stag-nant wages, does a worker want to see her paycheck shrink so a political boss can attend more campaign fundraisers? Republicans think that is a choice for the worker to make. Does a worker want to give up her right to demand better pay or a promotion that she de-
serves and cede those decisions to a distant political organization? 
Republicans think she has a right to 
make those choices for herself and she has a right to make them in an in-formed way, but the administration’s ambush rule would dramatically weak-en her ability to do so. In many cases it wouldn’t even allow her more than a handful of days to weigh the pros and cons of such a costly and important de-cision. It is really not fair. And it is not just me saying that; consider the words of John F. Kennedy. Here is what he had to say about it. ‘‘There should be at least a 30-day interval’’ for union elections, he said. He noted that these 30 days represent a safeguard against ‘‘rushing employees into an election where they are unfamiliar with the issues.’’ Kennedy was right. 
There is another important issue at 
stake here too. Just as Republicans think a worker has a right to make her own informed choices, Republicans also think her personal information is none of the business of powerful political bosses. But the administration’s am-bush rule would allow those bosses to access things such as her email address and cell number without—without—her permission. It also would allow those bosses to track her, to know exactly when and where she is working—again, without her permission. She can’t opt out and she can’t unsubscribe. This is really chilling. This is really extreme. 
What about the men and women who 
rise early every day to fulfill their dreams, the men and women who pro-vide so many opportunities for others to fulfill theirs? This ambush rule is also aimed at preventing someone with a small business of her own from even having a real conversation with her employees about the cost and the bene-fits of joining a union. The ambush rule would give extraordinary power to political bosses on the outside, while shutting her voice down—the one per-son who probably knows more about and cares more about her employees than anyone else. After years spent building a dream and caring about the men and women who helped her get there, this rule is an insult—an insult— to entrepreneurs like her. 
Moreover, it is not the men and 
women on the assembly line who are demanding the ambush rule. There is no demand for this coming up with the workforce in America. So who is de-manding it? It is the powerful political bosses who worry that more and more workers are making an informed choice not to join a union. Those bosses are worried about what in-formed choices could mean for them— less money, less power. So this far-reaching rule—the so- 
called Mt. Everest of regulations—is not the result of the administration seeking out the best policy; it is just another example of the administration seeing what it can get away with. It is a brazen attempt to enrich powerful political friends of the White House by weakening workers’ rights. It is not fair for workers, and it is not right for our country. 
My good friends the Senators from 
Tennessee and Wyoming are here on the floor to explain what Congress plans to do to stand up for basic fair-ness in the workplace. They are going to talk about this latest example of partisan executive overreach—the kind of overreach that is coming to define the Obama administration—and what Congress plans to do next. 
Madam President, I see the Senator 
from Tennessee is on his feet, and I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
thank the Chair for the recognition and the majority leader for his re-marks and his leadership. I am also glad to be here with the Senator from Wyoming, who over the years has been the leading Republican Senator on the issue of ambush elections. 
We are here today, as the majority 
leader said, to introduce a Congres-sional Review Act resolution to stop a new National Labor Relations Board rule. I would like to speak about that for a few minutes and then let the Sen-ator from Wyoming continue. 
Last December the NLRB issued a 
final rule that shortened the timeline between when pro-union organizers ask an employer for a secret ballot election and when the election actually takes place. I refer to this as an ambush elec-tion because it forces a union election before an employer has a chance to fig-ure out what is going on. Even worse, it jeopardizes employees’ privacy by re-quiring employers to turn over per-sonal employee information—including email addresses, phone numbers, shift hours, and locations—to union orga-nizers. 
The effect of this resolution will be 
to permit the majority leader to bring this resolution to the floor after the congressional recess. There will be 10 hours of debate. The resolution cannot be amended, and it needs a majority vote to pass. The House of Representa-tives is following a similar procedure. Both Houses must vote on it. If it passes both Houses, the President can sign or veto the resolution. If the President decides to veto, it would take 67 votes to override. If the NLRB’s new ambush election rule is dis-approved, the Board cannot issue a sub-stantially similar rule without con-gressional approval. 
Today, more than 95 percent of union 
elections occur within 56 days after a petition is filed, but under this new rule elections could take place in as few as 11 days after a petition is filed. This rule will harm employers and em-
ployees alike, and here is how. 
If you are an employer who gets am-
bushed—in other words, a union elec-tion happens before you really know what is going on—on day 1 you get a faxed copy of an election petition that has been filed at your local NLRB re-gional office stating that 30 percent of your employees support a union. The union may have already been quietly trying to organize for months without your knowledge. Your employees have been able to hear only the union’s pitch. 
By day 2 or 3 of this process, you 
must publicly post an election notice in your workplace and post it online as well if you communicate with your em-ployees electronically. 
By noon on day 7, you must file with 
the NLRB what is called a statement of position. This is a comprehensive, writ-ten legal document in which an em-ployer sets out legal positions and claims. Under this new NLRB rule, you, the employer, waive your rights to use any legal arguments not raised in the document. On day 7, you must also present the union and the NLRB with a list of prospective voters as well as their job classifications, shift hours, and work locations. 
On day 8, a pre-election hearing is 
held at the NLRB regional office, and an election date is set. 
By day 10, the employer must present 
the union with a list of employee names, personal email addresses, per-sonal cell phone numbers, and home addresses. 
Day 11 is the earliest day on which 
the NLRB could conduct the election under the new rule. The union has the power to postpone an election by an ad-ditional 10 days at this point, but the employer has no corresponding power. 
Under this new NLRB rule, before the 
hearing on day 8 an employer will have less than 1 week to figure out what an election petition is, find legal represen-tation—many employers don’t have a labor lawyer as a matter of course—de-termine legal positions on the relevant issues, learn what statements and ac-tions the law permits and prohibits, gather information required by the NLRB, communicate with employees about the decision they are making, and correct any misstatements and falsehoods employees may be hearing from union organizers. Making even the slightest mistake in the lead-up to an election can result in the NLRB set-ting aside the results and ordering a rerun election or, worse, the Board could require an employer to automati-cally bargain with the union. 
But it is the employees who stand to 
lose the most under this new rule. First, because of this ambush election, employees may only hear half the story about what unionizing may mean for them and for their workplace. When a workplace is unionized—especially in a State that does not have a right-to- work law—employees have their dues money taken out of every paycheck, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09FE6.024 S09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S863 February 9, 2015 
whether they like it or not. Employees 
lose the ability to deal directly with their employer to address concerns, or ask for a promotion or raise, and in-stead have to work through the union. 
Important considerations, such as 
which of their fellow employees will be included in the bargaining unit, will no longer be determined before the elec-tion. As the two dissenting members of the NLRB put it: Employees will be asked to ‘‘vote now, understand later.’’ 
Second, employees lose their privacy 
because the final rule we seek to over-turn requires employers to hand over employees’ personal email addresses, cell phone numbers, shift locations, and job classifications, even if the em-ployee has made it clear he does not want to be contacted by union orga-nizers. 
This rule appears to be a solution in 
search of a problem. Only 4.3 percent of union elections occur more than 56 days after the petition is filed. The cur-rent median number of days between when the petition is filed and the elec-tion is held is just 38 days. 
These figures are well within the 
NLRB’s own goals for timely elections. Unions won 64 percent of elections in 2013. In recent years, the union win rate has actually been going up. So what is the problem? 
The majority leader said it very well 
when he referred to a 1959 debate over amendments to the National Labor Re-lations Act. Then-Senator John F. Kennedy warned against rushing em-ployees into a union election. Senator Kennedy said: 
There should be at least a 30-day interval 
between the request for an election and the holding of the election...in which both par-ties can present their viewpoints. 
The 30-day waiting period is an additional 
safeguard against rushing employees into an election where they are unfamiliar with the issues. 
It is clear to see this rule is wrong. 
That is why Senator E NZI, Senator 
MCCONNELL , and I are asking the Sen-
ate to disapprove the rule and prohibit the National Labor Relations Board from issuing any substantially similar rule. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent to speak for up to 15 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I thank the 
Senator from Tennessee, Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER , for his comments. 
I don’t think I have ever heard it put 
quite as concisely or the timeline ex-plained quite as well as he did. I hope people are paying attention. I hope people take a look at the journal and see exactly how short a timeframe that is for both the employer and the em-ployees. 
So I rise to support the resolution of 
disapproval that would repeal the Na-tional Labor Relations Board’s ambush election rule. I again thank my friend Senator 
A
LEXANDER for his leadership as the 
chairman of the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee and for leading this effort to prevent yet more misguided Federal regulation that will hurt American businesses and employ-ees. 
Unfortunately this isn’t the first 
time we have had to fight this rule from the NLRB. When I led the Con-gressional Review Act resolution to stop this rule in 2012, I truly appre-ciated Senator A
LEXANDER ’s support 
and am proud to support him now. I didn’t have the votes to pass the reso-lution in 2012, but we have had some elections and some changes in the Sen-ate since then. 
The rule the National Labor Rela-
tions Board has proposed would be a tremendous burden on employers, espe-cially small businesses. If this rule goes into effect, it will mean employers will barely have time to meet their preelection legal obligations. It will mean employees will be rushed into an election without time to study and consider what the unionization would mean for them, for their workplace, and for their community. Also, Big Labor will be able to force elections through in order to boost revenue from union dues and increase the influence of Big Labor. 
Our economy is already grappling 
with Federal rules and regulations that hold back businesses. This rule from the National Labor Relations Board will be yet another break, slowing down our economy at a time when we need to encourage employers and busi-nesses to grow. It would be especially harmful to small businesses, which are the backbone of our economy and the most important factor in maintaining our fragile economic growth. 
Small businesses that don’t have 
human resource departments and more particularly don’t have in-house legal counsel already face a significant bur-den when they have to navigate union elections. This rule would only make it harder. This rule would hurt businesses for the sole purpose of helping unions that don’t need it. 
Union elections are supposed to be 
held in a timely and fair manner, which is what the current system achieves. The average time between fil-ing an election petition, as has been mentioned, and holding the vote is 38 days, and nearly all elections happen within 2 months. 
That process allows employers to un-
derstand their rights and meet their legal obligations. It allows employees to educate themselves about what unionization means for them person-ally and for their work, and it ensures that union elections will be a fair op-portunity for workers to decide wheth-er to organize. 
Under the current system there is a 
25-day waiting period between the set-ting of an election and the actual se-cret ballot election. That window of time is crucial. Employers use that time to understand their rights and re-
strictions in the process and to meet their legal obligations. 
The union election process is not 
simple, nor is it straightforward for employees. There are numerous places where a well-meaning employer work-ing to meet their obligations could misstep and face heavy penalties from the National Labor Relations Board. 
Employers also use this time to com-
municate with their employees about the decision they are making and to clear up misstatements, rumors or falsehoods that have been going around. 
The time between petitioning for 
election and voting is also used for par-ties to study decisions by hearing offi-cers or the National Labor Relations Board’s regional director and ask for clarification or review. 
Under the National Labor Relations 
Board’s rule, all the opportunities for anyone involved with the process to understand their legal obligations, to exercise their rights, to study or de-bate the arguments for or against unionization or even to learn about the issue would be squeezed into as little as 14 days. 
Is it fair for an employee to only 
have 10 days to learn how his or her vote will affect the rest of their time with that employer—we have to re-member they are going to be working during that time probably—or how much money membership in a union is going to cost them or what it means for their ability to negotiate directly with their employer for raises or other benefits or concerns or any of the countless other issues an employee might want to approach his or her em-ployer about? 
Under current law, both parties are 
able to raise issues about the election at a preelection hearing, covering such issues as which employees should be in-cluded in the bargaining unit and whether particular employees are actu-ally supervisors. 
Under the new regulation, parties 
will be barred from raising these ques-tions until after the election. Employ-ees will be forced to vote without knowing which other employees will actually be in the bargaining unit with 
them. This is important information that weighs heavily in most employees’ votes. 
Under current law, when either party 
raises preelection issues, they are al-lowed to submit evidence and testi-mony, and file post-hearing briefs for the hearing officer to consider, and then they have 14 days in which to ap-peal decisions made with respect to that election. 
Under the new regulation, the hear-
ing officer is given the broad discretion to bar all evidence and testimony unre-lated to the question of representation and all post-election briefs and no ap-peals or requests for stays are allowed. This could be quite a disadvantage for employees as well as employers. 
What this all adds up to is an ex-
tremely small window of time for filing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09FE6.025 S09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S864 February 9, 2015 
the petition to the actual election, lit-
tle opportunity for employers to learn their rights or communicate with their employees their rights, and less oppor-tunities for employees to research the union and the ramifications of forming the union. 
The NLRB is ensuring that the odds 
are stacked against the employees and the businesses. This vote is an oppor-tunity to tell the National Labor Rela-tions Board to reverse course. 
I hope this resolution will convince 
the National Labor Relations Board to pull back from this disastrous rule and encourage them to focus on their stat-utory mission rather than overturning decades of settled practice that ensures that this process is held in a timely manner and that there is a fair oppor-tunity for all sides to understand, to participate, and to exercise their rights. 
The NLRB’s purpose is to enforce the 
National Labor Relations Act, which is a carefully balanced law that has only rarely been changed. When changes have occurred, they have been the re-sult of careful negotiations, with input from stakeholders and thoughtful de-bate. 
The NLRB is attempting a sneak at-
tack through the rulemaking process. This is an ambush on the National Labor Relations Act to set up ambush elections. 
The National Labor Relations Board 
is an agency that has historically issued very few regulations. Most of the questions that come up under the law are handled through the decisions of the Board. Board decisions often do change the enforcement of the law sig-nificantly, but they are issued in re-sponse to an actual dispute and a ques-tion of law. 
In contrast, the ambush election is 
not a response to a real problem be-cause the current election process for certifying whether employees want to form a union is not broken. The rule was not carefully negotiated by stake-holders, it was not made with careful debate, and there was no attempt to reach a consensus. 
In the late 1950s Congress worked to 
pass the Landrieu-Griffin Act, which protected the rights of both rank-and- file union members and their employ-ees. This was a carefully constructed piece of legislation that came out of a special committee to study the issue, that heard from more than 1,500 wit-nesses over 3 years. And Congress de-bated the issue of how long a period of time there should be between the re-
quest for an election and the actual election coming up during those nego-tiations. 
My colleagues may be surprised to 
learn—although they wouldn’t if they were listening to the previous two speeches—that it was Senator John F. Kennedy who argued vigorously for a 30-day waiting period prior to the elec-tion. He said: 
There should be at least a 30 day interval 
between a request for an election and the holding of an election . . . in which both par-ties can present their viewpoints. . . . The 30 day waiting period is an additional safeguard against rushing employees into an election where they are unfamiliar with the issues. 
Again, that was a quote by Senator 
John F. Kennedy, speaking directly to the need for fairness to employees. The 30-day waiting period provision he sup-ported did not ultimately become part 
of the law, and obviously it is not a law today. Instead, the NLRB adopted the practice of a 25-day waiting period in almost every case. 
This caution about the need for em-
ployees to have a chance to become fa-miliar with the issues is just as true today. Employees who are not aware of the organizing activity at their work-sites and even those who are need to have an opportunity to learn about the union they may join. They will want to research the union to ensure it has no signs of corruption. They will want to know how other worksites have fared with this union and whether they can believe the promises the union orga-nizers may be extending. Employees should have every chance to under-stand the impact of unionization. Four decades ago Senators recognized that employees deserved the opportunity to gather this and all other relevant in-formation before casting their votes. Unfortunately, the NLRB is choosing to ignore this caution, and rank-and- file employees will suffer. 
This situation is exactly what the 
Congressional Review Act was intended for. When an agency goes too far and tries to impose rules and regulations that are unnecessary or harmful—in this case, both—the Congressional Re-view Act gives Congress an expedited process for repealing that regulation. It is a process that cannot be held up and cannot be stalled or put off to en-sure that Congress can act when it needs to stop an out-of-control agency. 
By any measure, the current law and 
certification system for union elec-tions ensures that the process is fair for all parties and that all parties have the opportunity to exercise their rights 
and to fully understand the implica-tions. The National Labor Relations Board has not made the case that elec-tions are being held up or stalled. They cannot make the case because the data doesn’t support it. I want to repeat. The National Labor Relations Board has not made the case that elections are being held up or stalled. They can-not make that case because the data doesn’t support it. There is no need for this rule, which is just a handout to Big Labor, which relies on pushing unions forward before businesses and employees have a chance to study and understand the full effects. 
This resolution will preserve the fair-
ness and swift resolution of claims which occur under current law. It will not disadvantage unions or roll back any rights. It is important to say that again because there is going to be a lot of misinformation about what this res-olution does. This resolution does not disadvantage unions or roll back any union rights. What it does is it ensures that small business employers and em-ployees in America are not unfairly disadvantaged by a burdensome process and that employees are not misled with insufficient or incorrect information during the union election process. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent for 1 additional minute. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. ENZI. Under a successful Con-
gressional Review Act disapproval, the agency in question is prohibited from issuing any substantially similar regu-lation. That means the National Labor Relations Board could not just reissue this regulation again and again, as they have currently done. 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
this resolution to ensure that the Na-tional Labor Relations Board under-stands that this rule is a no-go and that we will stand up to ensure a fair process. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I wish to 
make a unanimous consent request that Lt. Col. Anthony McCarty, a de-fense fellow in my office, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of this year. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
h 
FOREIGN TRAVEL FINANCIAL REPORTS 
In accordance with the appropriate provisions of law, the Secretary of the Senate herewith submits the following re-
ports for standing committees of the Senate, certain joint committees of the Congress, delegations and groups, and select and special committees of the Senate, relating to expenses incurred in the performance of authorized foreign travel: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\G09FE6.025 S09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S865 February 9, 2015 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, NUTRITION AND FORESTRY FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2014 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Senator Debbie Stabenow: 
Senegal ..................................................................................................... franc .............. ....................................... .................... 376.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 376.00 
Tanzania ................................................................................................... shilling ............ ..................................... .................... 751.50 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 751.50 
Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... birr .............. .......................................... .................... 984.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 984.00 
Italy ........................................................................................................... euro ........... ........................................... .................... 1,093.57 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,093.57 
Senator Amy Klobuchar: 
Senegal ..................................................................................................... franc .............. ....................................... .................... 461.75 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 461.75 
Tanzania ................................................................................................... shilling ............ ..................................... .................... 575.10 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 575.10 
Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... birr .............. .......................................... .................... 810.52 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 810.52 
Italy ........................................................................................................... euro ........... ........................................... .................... 878.58 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 878.58 
Senator Heidi Heitkamp: 
Senegal ..................................................................................................... franc .............. ....................................... .................... 238.95 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 238.95 
Tanzania ................................................................................................... shilling ............ ..................................... .................... 484.90 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 484.90 
Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... birr .............. .......................................... .................... 1,026.50 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 1,026.50 
Italy ........................................................................................................... euro ........... ........................................... .................... 1,115.60 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,115.60 
Christopher Adamo: 
Senegal ..................................................................................................... franc .............. ....................................... .................... 476.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 476.00 
Tanzania ................................................................................................... shilling ............ ..................................... .................... 851.50 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 851.50 
Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... birr .............. .......................................... .................... 1,084.00 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 1,084.00 
Italy ........................................................................................................... euro ........... ........................................... .................... 1,043.57 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,043.57 
Anne Brewster-Stanski: 
Senegal ..................................................................................................... franc .............. ....................................... .................... 376.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 376.00 
Tanzania ................................................................................................... shilling ............ ..................................... .................... 751.50 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 751.50 
Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... birr .............. .......................................... .................... 955.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 955.00 
Italy ........................................................................................................... euro ........... ........................................... .................... 1,093.57 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,093.57 
Jacqlyn Schneider: 
Senegal ..................................................................................................... franc .............. ....................................... .................... 403.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 403.00 
Tanzania ................................................................................................... shilling ............ ..................................... .................... 814.50 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 814.50 
Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... birr .............. .......................................... .................... 1,073.00 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 1,073.00 
Italy ........................................................................................................... euro ........... ........................................... .................... 1,101.57 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,101.57 
Joseph Shultz: 
Senegal ..................................................................................................... franc .............. ....................................... .................... 476.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 476.00 
Tanzania ................................................................................................... shilling ............ ..................................... .................... 851.50 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 851.50 
Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... birr .............. .......................................... .................... 1,084.00 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 1,084.00 
Italy ........................................................................................................... euro ........... ........................................... .................... 943.57 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 943.57 
Brigit Helgen: 
Senegal ..................................................................................................... franc .............. ....................................... .................... 544.02 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 544.02 
Tanzania ................................................................................................... shilling ............ ..................................... .................... 897.45 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 897.45 
Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... birr .............. .......................................... .................... 468.10 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 468.10 
Italy ........................................................................................................... euro ........... ........................................... .................... 897.04 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 897.04 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Senegal ..................................................................................................... franc .............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 2,862.55 .................... 2,862,55 
Tanzania ................................................................................................... shilling ............ ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 18,861.79 .................... 18,861.79 
Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... birr .............. .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 25,938.60 .................... 25,938.60 
Italy ........................................................................................................... euro ........... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 3,285.21 .................... 3,285.21 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 24,981.86 .................... .................... ............... ..... 50,948.15 .................... 75,930.01 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 
1977. 
SENATOR DEBBIE STABENOW,
Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry, Dec. 31, 2014. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 31, 2014 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Shannon Hines: 
France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,664.00 .................... 270.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... 1,934.00 
Hungary ..................................................................................................... Forint ............. ....................................... .................... 500.61 .................... 27.13 .................... ............... ..... .................... 527.74 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,630.40 .................... . ................... .................... 10,630.40 
Tim Rieser: 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 506.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 506.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,127.00 .................... 20 .00 .................... 1,147.00 
Paul Grove: 
Dem. Rep. Congo ...................................................................................... Franc ..................... ............................... .................... 1,043.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 1,043.00 
Kenya ........................................................................................................ Shilling .......... ....................................... .................... 1,080.00 .................... 1,560.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 2,640.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,816.40 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,816.40 
Adam Yezerski: 
Dem. Rep. Congo ...................................................................................... Franc ..................... ............................... .................... 1,093.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 1,093.00 
Kenya ........................................................................................................ Shilling .......... ....................................... .................... 1,130.00 .................... 1,560.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 2,690.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,816.40 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,816.40 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Kenya ........................................................................................................ Shilling .......... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,213.50 ................... . 51.32 .................... 1,264.82 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 7,016,61 .................... 26,020.83 .................... 71.32 .................... 33,108.76 
*Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under the authority of Sec. 502(b) of the M utual Security Act of 1954, as amended by Sec. 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 
1977. 
SENATOR BARBARA A. MIKULSKI,
Chairman, Committee on Appropriations, Jan. 23, 2015. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 31, 2014 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Mike Kuiken: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,046.00 .................... . ................... .................... 13,046.00 
United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 736.09 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 736.09 
Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 20.50 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 20.50 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A09FE6.018 S09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S866 February 9, 2015 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 31, 2014—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Mike Noblet: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 4.00 .................... 13,140.00 .................... ................ .... .................... 13,144.00 
United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 163.00 .................... .................... .................... 410.00 ..... ............... 573.00 
Adam Barker: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,046.00 .................... . ................... .................... 13,046.00 
United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 445.83 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 445.83 
Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 20.50 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 20.50 
Tom Goffus: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,046.00 .................... . ................... .................... 13,046.00 
United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 445.83 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 445.83 
Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 20.50 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 20.50 
Delegation Expenses: * 
United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... .................... .................... 211.23 .................... ............ ........ .................... 211.23 
Senator Tim Kaine: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,050.77 .................... . ................... .................... 13,050.77 
India .......................................................................................................... Rupee ........... ........................................ .................... 1,184.85 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,184.85 
Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 69.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 69.00 
Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... 104.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 104.00 
Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 164.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 164.00 
Karen Courington: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,970.40 .................... . ................... .................... 12,970.40 
India .......................................................................................................... Rupee ........... ........................................ .................... 1,253.42 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,253.42 
Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 69.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 69.00 
Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... 224.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 224.00 
Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 164.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 164.00 
Senator Angus King: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 14,604.72 .................... . ................... .................... 14,604.72 
India .......................................................................................................... Rupee ........... ........................................ .................... 876.95 .................... .................... .................... 72.20 .................... 949.15 
Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 69.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 69.00 
Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... 94.00 .................... .................... .................... 10.0 0 .................... 104.00 
Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 164.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 164.00 
Stephen Smith: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 14,604.72 .................... . ................... .................... 14,604.72 
India .......................................................................................................... Rupee ........... ........................................ .................... 876.95 .................... 50.44 .................... 96.58 ........ ............ 1,023.97 
Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 69.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 69.00 
Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... 94.00 .................... .................... .................... 10.0 0 .................... 104.00 
Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 164.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 164.00 
Delegation Expenses: * 
India .......................................................................................................... Rupee ........... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 561.73 .................... 561.73 
Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 132.45 .................... 132.45 
Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 59.31 .................... 59.31 
Senator James Inhofe: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,644.80 .................... . ................... .................... 11,644.80 
Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 421.01 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 421.01 
Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 191.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 191.00 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 391.09 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 391.09 
Tom Goffus: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,644.80 .................... . ................... .................... 11,644.80 
Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 421.01 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 421.01 
Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 191.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 191.00 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 391.09 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 391.09 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 200.44 .................... 200.44 
Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 196.08 .................... 362.58 .................... 558.66 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 1,619.01 .................... 1,619.01 
Lithuania ................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 356.91 .................... 356.91 
Senator John McCain: 
Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 611.42 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 611.42 
Christian Brose: 
Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 675.57 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 675.57 
Elizabeth O’Bagy: 
Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 649.77 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 649.77 
Senator Ted Cruz: 
Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 604.41 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 604.41 
Victoria Coates: 
Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 677.57 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 677.57 
Senator Tim Kaine: 
Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 587.17 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 587.17 
Karen Courington: 
Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 600.01 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 600.01 
Mary Naylor: 
Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 590.76 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 590.76 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 371.87 .................... 9, 185.61 .................... 9,557.48 
Jonathan Epstein: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,098.00 .................... .. .................. .................... 8,098.00 
Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 200.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 200.00 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 8.51 .................... 8.51 
Senator John McCain: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 16,336.52 .................... . ................... .................... 16,336.52 
Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 129.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 129.00 
Elizabeth O’Bagy: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 14,333.43 .................... . ................... .................... 14,333.43 
Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 112.00 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 112.00 
Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... 61.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 61.00 
Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 140.10 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 140.10 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 156.00 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 156.00 
United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 286.90 .................... 286.90 
Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... .................... .................... 33,000.00 ............... ..... .................... .................... 33,000.00 
Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 20,596.00 .................... 20,596.00 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 15,297.50 .................... 203,395.78 .................... 33,9 68.23 .................... 252,661.51 
*Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under the authority of Sec. 502(b) of the M utual Security Act of 1954, as amended by Sec. 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 
1977. 
SENATOR JOHN M CCAIN,
Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Jan. 30, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A09FE6.018 S09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S867 February 9, 2015 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON BANKING, HOUSING, AND URBAN AFFAIRS FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 30, 2014 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Senator Elizabeth Warren: 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 2,695.19 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 2,695.19 
Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 368.86 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 368.86 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,964.52 .................... .. .................. .................... 8,964.52 
Jonathan Donenberg: 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 2,664.89 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 2,664.89 
Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 357.90 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 357.90 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,504.02 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,504.02 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 6,086.84 .................... 16,468.54 .................... ...... .............. .................... 22,555.38 
SENATOR TIM JOHNSON,
Chairman, Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs,
Dec. 18, 2014. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 31, 2014 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Kusai Merchant: 
Peru ........................................................................................................... Sole ............ ........................................... .................... 754.00 .................... .................... ................. ... 3,041.50 .................... 3,795.50 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,000.93 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,000.93 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 754.00 .................... 1,000.93 .................... 3,041.50 .................... 4,796.43 
SENATOR PATTY MURRAY,
Chairman, Committee on the Budget, Dec. 31, 2014. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE, SCIENCE, AND TRANSPORTATION FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 31, 2014 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Ellen Doneski: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 19,109.90 .................... . ................... .................... 19,109.90 
South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 2,308.88 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 2,308.88 
John Branscome: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 19,112.90 .................... . ................... .................... 19,112.90 
South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 2,442.88 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 2,442.88 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 4,751.76 .................... 38,222.80 .................... ...... .............. .................... 42,974.56 
SENATOR JOHN THUNE,
Chairman, Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation,
Jan. 29, 2015. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL RESOURCES FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 31, 2014 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Senator Lisa Murkowski: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,638.90 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,638.90 
Iceland ...................................................................................................... Krona ............. ....................................... .................... 589.17 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 589.17 
Isaac Edwards: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,182.00 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,182.00 
Iceland ...................................................................................................... Krona ............. ....................................... .................... 855.55 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 855.55 
Delegation Expenses: 
Iceland ...................................................................................................... Krona ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 651.57 .................... 651.57 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 1,444.72 .................... 5,820.90 .................... 651.57 .................... 7,917.19 
SENATOR MARY L. LANDRIEU,
Chairman, Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, Dec. 17, 2014. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(B), COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC WORKS FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 31, 2014 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Joseph Mendelson: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,550.34 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,550.34 
Peru ........................................................................................................... Nuevo Sol ....... ...................................... .................... 3,448.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 3,448.00 
Emily Enderle: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,105.84 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,105.84 
Peru ........................................................................................................... Nuevo Sol ....... ...................................... .................... 3,086.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 3,086.00 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 6,534.00 .................... 4,656.18 .................... ....... ............. .................... 11,190.18 
SENATOR JAMES M. INHOFE,
Chairman, Committee on Environment and Public Works, Jan. 23, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A09FE6.018 S09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S868 February 9, 2015 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FINANCE FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 31, 2014 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Jayme White: 
Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 2,412.29 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 2,412.29 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 17,822.80 .................... . ................... .................... 17,822.80 
Elissa Alben: 
Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 2,961.84 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 2,961.84 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 17,822.80 .................... . ................... .................... 17,822.80 
Everett Eissenstat: 
Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 2,856.91 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 2,856.91 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 17,822.80 .................... . ................... .................... 17,822.80 
Shane Warren: 
Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 2,917.70 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 2,917.70 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 17,822.80 .................... . ................... .................... 17,822.80 
Delegation Expenses: * 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 1,057.00 .................... 1,057.00 
Tyler Brace: 
Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 1,802.21 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,802.21 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,762.70 .................... .. .................. .................... 8,762.70 
Delegation Expenses: * 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 365.70 .................... 365.70 
Jason Park: 
China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 1,162.22 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,162.22 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 20,238.30 .................... . ................... .................... 20,238.30 
Shane Warren: 
China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 1,165.97 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,165.97 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 20,238.30 .................... . ................... .................... 20,238.30 
Delegation Expenses: * 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 1,240.47 .................... 1,240.47 
Senator Pat Roberts: 
Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 297.28 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 297.28 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 22,480.90 .................... . ................... .................... 22,480.90 
Theda Khrestin: 
Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 346.28 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 346.28 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 22,480.90 .................... . ................... .................... 22,480.90 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 22,917.70 .................... 22,917.70 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 15,922.70 .................... 165,492.30 .................... 25,5 80.87 .................... 206,995.87 
* Delegation expenses include transportation, embassy overtime and other official expenses in accordance with the responsibiliti es of the host country. 
SENATOR RON WYDEN,
Chairman, Committee on Finance, Jan. 13, 2015. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 31, 2014 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Senator John Barrasso: 
Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 594.99 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 594.99 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 804.16 .................... 804.16 
Senator John Barrasso: 
Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 231.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 231.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,361.10 .................... . ................... .................... 10,361.10 
Charles Ziegler: 
Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 231.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 231.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,966.00 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,966.00 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 283.27 .................... 283.27 
Senator Christopher Coons: 
Liberia ....................................................................................................... Dollar ........... ......................................... .................... 682.50 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 682.50 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,287.80 .................... . ................... .................... 10,287.80 
Vali Sanmugalingan: 
Liberia ....................................................................................................... Dollar ........... ......................................... .................... 700.50 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 700.50 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,287.80 .................... . ................... .................... 10,287.80 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Liberia ....................................................................................................... Dollar ........... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 2,500.73 .................... 2,500.73 
Senator Jeff Flake: 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 849.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 849.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,094.20 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,094.20 
Chandler Morse: 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 849.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 849.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 923.20 .................... .... ................ .................... 923.20 
Senator Tom Udall: 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 849.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 849.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 918.20 .................... .... ................ .................... 918.20 
Matthew Padilla: 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 849.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 849.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 918.20 .................... .... ................ .................... 918.20 
Senator Christopher Murphy: 
Serbia ........................................................................................................ Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 823.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 823.00 
Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... 335.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 335.00 
Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 195.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 195.00 
Albania ...................................................................................................... Lek ............... ......................................... .................... 364.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 364.00 
Croatia ...................................................................................................... Kuna .............. ....................................... .................... 282.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 282.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,640.10 .................... . ................... .................... 10,640.10 
Jessica Elledge: 
Serbia ........................................................................................................ Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 823.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 823.00 
Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... 335.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 335.00 
Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 195.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 195.00 
Albania ...................................................................................................... Lek ............... ......................................... .................... 364.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 364.00 
Croatia ...................................................................................................... Kuna .............. ....................................... .................... 282.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 282.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,917.50 .................... . ................... .................... 11,917.50 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Serbia ........................................................................................................ Euro ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 1,416.00 .................... 1,416.00 
Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 1,130.00 .................... 1,130.00 
Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,329.57 .................... 1,329.57 
Albania ...................................................................................................... Lek ............... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 1,711.00 .................... 1,711.000 
Croatia ...................................................................................................... Kuna .............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 826.00 .................... 826.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A09FE6.018 S09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S869 February 9, 2015 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 31, 2014—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Sergio Aguirre: 
India .......................................................................................................... Rupee ........... ........................................ .................... 1,253.42 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,253.42 
Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 69.00 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 69.00 
Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... 104.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 104.00 
Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 5.55 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 5.55 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,970.40 .................... . ................... .................... 12,970.40 
Delegation Expenses: * 
India .......................................................................................................... Rupee ........... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 374.48 .................... 374.48 
Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 88.30 .................... 88.30 
Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 39.54 .................... 39.54 
Viviana Bovo: 
Colombia ................................................................................................... Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 345.81 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 345.81 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,871.00 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,871.00 
Ana Unruh Cohen: 
Peru ........................................................................................................... Nuevo Sol ....... ...................................... .................... 2,852.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 2,852.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,729.94 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,729.94 
Hal Connolly: 
Peru ........................................................................................................... Nuevo Sol ....... ...................................... .................... 2,180.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 2,180.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,719.94 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,719.94 
Jesse Young: 
Peru ........................................................................................................... Nuevo Sol ....... ...................................... .................... 2,844.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 2,844.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,035.94 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,035.94 
Michael Gallagher: 
Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 335.21 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 335.21 
Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 1,301.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,301.00 
Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 451.90 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 451.90 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,262.00 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,262.00 
Dana Stroul: 
Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 249.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 249.00 
Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 1,025.25 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,025.25 
Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 829.66 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 829.66 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,969.40 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,969.40 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 113.37 .................... 113.37 
Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 1,134.68 .................... 1,134.68 
Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 102.97 .................... 102.97 
Jodi Herman: 
Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 683.65 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 683.65 
France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 489.78 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 489.78 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,267.70 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,267.70 
Lowell Schwartz: 
Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 671.26 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 671.26 
France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 617.65 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 617.65 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,232.70 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,232.70 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 845.06 .................... 845.06 
France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 990.00 .................... 990.00 
Chris Homan: 
Indonesia .................................................................................................. Rupiah .............. .................................... .................... 412.27 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 412.27 
Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... 294.60 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 294.60 
South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 308.18 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 308.18 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,118.41 .................... .. .................. .................... 8,118.41 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 14.40 .................... 14.40 
South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 616.99 .................... 616.99 
Damian Murphy: 
Bangladesh ............................................................................................... Taka .................. .................................... .................... 695.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 695.00 
Nepal ......................................................................................................... Rupee ............ ....................................... .................... 813.59 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 813.59 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,439.17 .................... .. .................. .................... 5,439.17 
Charlotte Oldham-Moore: 
Bangladesh ............................................................................................... Taka .................. .................................... .................... 695.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 695.00 
Nepal ......................................................................................................... Rupee ............ ....................................... .................... 813.59 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 813.59 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,439.17 .................... .. .................. .................... 5,439.17 
Stacie Oliver: 
Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 316.21 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 316.21 
Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 350.24 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 350.24 
Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 445.25 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 445.25 
Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... 725.31 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 725.31 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 341.66 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 341.66 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,528.70 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,528.70 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 205.86 .................... 205.86 
Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 190.22 .................... 190.22 
Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 164.00 .................... 164.00 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 11.32 .................... 11.32 
Chris Socha: 
Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 600.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 600.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,596.70 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,596.70 
Daniel Vajdich: 
Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... 285.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 285.00 
Moldova ..................................................................................................... Leu ................ ........................................ .................... 1,014.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,014.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,956.00 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,956.00 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 144.00 .................... 144.00 
Moldova ..................................................................................................... Leu ................ ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 138.70 .................... 138.70 
Brandon Yoder: 
Honduras ................................................................................................... Lempira ............. ................................... .................... 714.00 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 714.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,059.20 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,059.20 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Honduras ................................................................................................... Lempira ............. ................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 394.00 .................... 394.00 
Totals: ................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 34,966.03 .................... 134,510.57 .................... 15,5 68.62 .................... 185,045.22 
* Delegation expenses included payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutu al Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 
1977. 
SENATOR BOB CORKER,
Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, Jan. 28, 2014. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A09FE6.018 S09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S870 February 9, 2015 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON HEALTH, EDUCATION, LABOR, AND PENSIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 31, 2014 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Senator Robert Casey: 
Norway ...................................................................................................... Kroner ............. ...................................... .................... 163.96 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 163.96 
Caitlin Gearen: 
Norway ...................................................................................................... Kroner ............. ...................................... .................... 306.74 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 306.74 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Norway ...................................................................................................... Kroner ............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 713.26 .................... 713.26 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 470.70 .................... .................... .................. .. 713.26 .................... 1,183.96 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under the authority of Sec. 502(b) of the M utual Security Act of 1954, as amended by Sec. 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 
1977. 
SENATOR LAMAR ALEXANDER,
Chairman, Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions,
Jan. 26, 2015. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), SENATE SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 30, 2014 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Jim Catella: 
India .......................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 670.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 670.00 
Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 56.00 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 56.00 
Pakistan .................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 180.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 180.00 
Doha .......................................................................................................... Dollar ........... ......................................... .................... 164.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 164.00 
Senator Marco Rubio: 
Colombia ................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 155.00 .................... 4,139.70 .................... ............. ....... .................... 4,294.70 
Brian Walsh: 
Colombia ................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 155.00 .................... 4,139.70 .................... ............. ....... .................... 4,294.70 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 1,380.00 .................... 8,279.40 .................... ....... ............. .................... 9,659.40 
SENATOR DIANNE FEINSTEIN,
Chairman, Committee on Intelligence, Dec. 23, 2014. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMISSION ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 31, 2014 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
David Killion: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,307.55 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,307.55 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,130.50 .................... . ................... .................... 12,130.50 
Switzerland ............................................................................................... Franc ................ .................................... .................... 2,663.44 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 2,663.44 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,905.70 .................... . ................... .................... 11,905.70 
Erika Schlager: 
Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 3,216.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 3,216.00 
Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 417.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 417.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,794.50 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,794.50 
Switzerland ............................................................................................... Franc ................ .................................... .................... 2,663.44 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 2,663.44 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,000.30 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,000.30 
Mischa Thompson: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,985.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,985.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,797.60 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,797.60 
Alex Johnson: 
Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 3,637.04 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 3,637.04 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 759.37 .................... .... ................ .................... 759.37 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,286.63 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,286.63 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 960.50 .................... .... ................ .................... 960.50 
Switzerland ............................................................................................... Franc ................ .................................... .................... 2,219.53 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 2,219.53 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,156.10 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,156.10 
Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 23,300.78 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 23,300.78 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,074.90 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,074.90 
Robert Hand: 
Switzerland ............................................................................................... Franc ................ .................................... .................... 1,632.72 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,632.72 
Boznia and Herzegov ................................................................................ Mark ........................ ............................. .................... 1,372.00 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 1,372.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,359.70 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,359.70 
Orest Deychakiwsky: 
Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 1,765.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,765.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,692.40 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,692.40 
Allison Hollabaugh: 
Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 807.50 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 807.50 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,750.50 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,750.50 
Shelly Han: 
Moldova ..................................................................................................... Leu ................ ........................................ .................... 1,156.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,156.00 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 298.58 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 298.58 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,331.20 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,331.20 
David Kostelancik: 
Switzerland ............................................................................................... Franc ................ .................................... .................... 1,951.44 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,951.44 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,714.30 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,714.30 
Janice Helwig: 
Switzerland ............................................................................................... Franc ................ .................................... .................... 2,489.44 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 2,489.44 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,654.30 .................... . ................... .................... 12,654.30 
Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 3,492.08 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 3,492.08 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,048.50 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,048.50 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 57,661.17 .................... 68,130.37 .................... ..... ............... .................... 125,791.54 
SENATOR BENJAMIN L. CARDIN,
Chairman, Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe,
Jan. 14, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A09FE6.018 S09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S871 February 9, 2015 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), THE REPUBLICAN LEADER FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 30, 2014 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Thomas Hawkins: 
Turkey ........................................................................................................ Dollar ........... ......................................... .................... 284.00 .................... .................... ................... . 32.75 .................... 316.75 
Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 505.00 .................... .................... .................... 233. 00 .................... 738.00 
Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 386.28 .................... .................... .................... 125.00 .................... 511.28 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 1,175.28 .................... .................... ................ .... 390.75 .................... 1,566.03 
SENATOR MITCH M CCONNELL,
The Republican Leader, Jan. 30, 2015. h 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREE-
MENT—READING OF WASHING-TON’S FAREWELL ADDRESS 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the resolution of the Senate of January 24, 1901, the traditional reading of Washington’s Farewell Ad-dress take place on Monday, February 23, following the prayer and pledge; fur-ther, that Senator H
OEVEN be recog-
nized to deliver the address. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, 
FEBRUARY 10, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, Feb-ruary 10; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; following leader re-marks, the Senate be in a period of morning business until 12:30 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, and that the first hour be equally divided, with the Democrats controlling the first half and the Republicans controlling the final half. I further ask that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow the for weekly conference meet-ings. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Senator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Reserving the 
right to object, may I have one sen-tence to observe that there appears as yet to be no Republican plan whatso-ever to answer the energy chairman’s question on climate change—what do we do—and with that noted, I do not object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I would just say to 
my friend from Rhode Island that the Senator knows we just finished a lengthy floor consideration of the Key-stone bill, with an open amendment process on this and other energy-re-lated topics. The Senate voted on sev-eral amendments on climate change, including two from the Senator from Rhode Island, which is more opportuni-
ties to vote on these amendments than during the entire 113th Congress. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, 
may I say how much I appreciate the open amendment process. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. If there is no fur-
ther business to come before the Sen-ate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Sen-ator B
ROWN . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it so ordered. 
f 
APPOINTMENT 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, pursuant to the order of the Senate of January 24, 1901, as modified by the order of February 9, 2015, appoints the Senator from North Dakota, Mr. H
OEVEN , to read Washington’s Farewell 
Address on Monday, February 23, 2015. 
The Senator from Ohio is recognized. 
f 
PRIORITY REGISTRATION FOR 
VETERANS 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, this 
week we celebrate Salute to Veterans Week to honor all those who have served our Nation in uniform and their families who sacrificed so much for our country. 
This week is a particularly appro-
priate time for us to reflect on the im-portance of fulfilling our commitment to all veterans. Just as we invest in and train our men and women during their military service, we must make the same investments when they re-turn to our communities, hang up their uniforms, and embark on the next phase of their lives. This institution al-ways seems to be willing to vote for money so we can send people to war, 
but is a bit less generous in taking care of those veterans when they return home. That should stop. 
This morning I visited Eastern Gate-
way Community College in Youngs-town and met with local veterans, in-cluding community college graduate Lisa Thomas. She graduated last May and is now pursuing a 4-year degree— after getting a 2-year degree—at Franklin University using her GI bene-fits. 
Community colleges like Eastern 
Gateway are an important way we pro-vide our veterans with the necessary skills to find decent-paying jobs. They serve as pipelines for veterans so they can attend 4-year universities. 
The GI bill’s education benefits are 
critical to investing in returning serv-icemembers. They help the veterans who have returned from war to learn new skills, and as a result these men and women have helped to build our middle class and led to our Nation’s dominance in the second half of the 20th century and into this century. But veterans, as some find out unwittingly, have a limited amount of time before their GI benefits expire. 
At crowded colleges, general edu-
cation requirements and prerequisites often fill up quickly, and it can take several semesters for that veteran to secure a spot. Waiting for a spot in a required course is a luxury many vet-erans don’t have because those vet-erans benefits could expire. If student veterans are unable to finish their de-grees before these benefits expire, they may end up being forced to pay thou-sands of dollars in out-of-pocket tui-tion and fees. The veterans who served our Nation without delay should not face delays in getting their education. 
Many colleges and universities— 
Youngstown State, which is the same place where the Eastern Gateway cam-pus in Youngstown is located, is where many Eastern Gateway students com-plete their degrees. They offer veterans priority registration so they can get the courses they need before their ben-efits run out. 
All of our colleges and universities— 
2-year, 4-year, public and private—need to follow Youngstown State’s lead. If student athletes have priority registra-tion, we can surely extend that privi-lege to those who have served our Na-tion. That is why in the coming 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09FE6.018 S09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S872 February 9, 2015 
months I will introduce legislation to 
ensure that all veterans, all service-members, and their qualifying depend-ents can use their GI benefits to their full potential and be guaranteed pri-ority registration. Our veterans have earned these benefits, and we must en-sure that all of our veterans, such as Lisa Thomas, are able to take full ad-vantage of those benefits for them-selves and for their families. It is our duty to ensure that when veterans re-turn home, they have the education and training and access to jobs they need to fulfill their potential. We have a duty to ensure that those returning from service to our Nation get the care they need when they come home. 
As the first Ohioan to serve a full 
term on the Senate Veterans’ Affairs 
Committee, I have worked to ease the VA backlog and put in place a better system. The shortage of care providers has been especially pressing for vet-erans struggling with a brain injury— the so-called invisible injuries. 
When our country went into Iraq a 
dozen years ago, our leader said that this will be a short war. Our country, 
our government, our administration, and our Congress failed to scale up vet-erans hospitals and veterans care and increase the capacity, and we now find it is too small. That is the importance of making sure we do this right. 
Nearly 300,000 veterans in this coun-
try struggle with post-traumatic dis-tress. Out of an estimated 300,000 trau-matic brain injuries, there are 25,000 cases of mild traumatic brain injuries. These cases are hard to diagnose and document since there is often a lack of visible evidence. 
Without proper care, each year some 
8,000 veterans take their own lives—154 a week, 22 veterans a day commit sui-cide. What a tragedy. Last week I was proud to stand with my colleagues in this body in support of the Clay Hunt 
Suicide Prevention for American Vet-erans Act. I look forward to President Obama signing that bill later this week. It is our duty to take an active role in increasing veterans’ access to quality mental health care, and the Clay Hunt Act will help ensure that those who put their lives on the line 
for us have a lifetime of their own upon returning home. We have a sacred trust between our government and those who protect us all. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. tomorrow. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:20 p.m., 
adjourned until Tuesday, February 10, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATION 
Executive nomination confirmed by 
the Senate February 9, 2015: 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT  
MICHAEL P. BOTTICELLI, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA, TO BE DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL DRUG CONTROL POL-ICY. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G09FE6.033 S09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E177 February 9, 2015 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JUDY CHU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 9, 2015 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, 
from Monday, February 2, 2015 to Thursday, February 5, 2015 I had to remain in California and was unable to vote. 
Had I been present on the House floor on 
Monday, February 2, 2015, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on roll call No. 51, H.R. 361, the Med-ical Preparedness Allowable Use Act. I would have also voted ‘‘aye’’ on roll call No. 52, H.R. 615, the Department of Homeland Security Interoperable Communications Act and ‘‘aye’’ on roll call No. 53, H.R. 623, the Social Media Working Group Act of 2015. 
On Tuesday, February 3, 2015, I would 
have voted ‘‘nay’’ on roll call No. 54, H. Res. 70, On Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule Providing for Consideration of H.R. 596, To Repeal the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act and health care-related provi-sions in the Health Care and Education Rec-onciliation Act of 2010, and ‘‘nay’’ on roll call No. 55, H. Res. 70, the Rule Providing for Consideration of H.R. 596. I would have also voted ‘‘aye’’ on roll call No. 56, on Approving the Journal, and ‘‘aye’’ on roll call No. 57, on the Democratic Motion to Recommit on H.R. 596 with Instructions. I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on roll call No. 58, on Passage of H.R. 596. 
On Wednesday, February 4, 2015, I would 
have voted ‘‘nay’’ on roll call No. 59, Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule providing for consideration of H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act of 2015, and H.R. 527, the Small Business 
Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act of 2015, and ‘‘nay’’ on roll call No. 60, H. Res. 78, the Rule Providing for Consideration of H.R. 50 and H.R. 527. I would have also voted ‘‘aye’’ on roll call No. 61, H.R. 50, the Cummings of Maryland Part C Amendment No. 2, and ‘‘aye’’ on roll call No. 62, H.R. 50, the Connolly of Virginia Part C Amendment No. 3. I would have also voted ‘‘aye’’ on roll call No. 63, the Democratic Motion to Recom-mit H.R. 50 with Instructions, and ‘‘nay’’ on roll call No. 64, on Passage of H.R. 50. 
On Thursday, February 5, 2015, I would 
have voted ‘‘aye’’ on roll call No. 65, H.R. 527, the Schrader of Oregon Part A Amendment No. 4, and ‘‘aye’’ on roll call No. 66, H.R. 527, the Jackson Lee of Texas Part A Amendment No. 6. I would have also voted ‘‘aye’’ on roll call No. 67, on the Motion to Recommit H.R. 527 with Instructions, and ‘‘nay’’ on roll call No. 68, on Passage of H.R. 527. REINTRODUCING THE LENA HORNE 
RECOGNITION ACT OF 2015 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 9, 2015 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
reintroduce the Lena Horne Recognition Act of 2015, which would award the Congressional Gold Medal to the late, renowned singer, ac-tress, and Civil Rights icon, Ms. Lena Mary Calhoun Horne. 
As an African American woman born in 
1917, Ms. Horne, who passed away in 2010, was truly a woman of firsts, having pioneered the way for many men and women of color through her work in Jazz, film, and the Civil Rights movement. She began her career in the chorus line at Harlem’s famed Cotton Club before moving on to record dozens of musical tracks and playing roles in movies and musi-cals. 
As a young woman, Lena drew much fame 
from her beauty and talent, yet found many roadblocks in her personal success due to the hyper-racialized nature of show business at the time. However, this adversity would not limit her, and presented a platform for her in-creasing support of and action in the Civil Rights movement. 
The first to do so, Lena signed a long term 
contract with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) and embarked on a career in Hollywood, as her celebrity had been noticed by many, de-spite the color of her skin. She was also the first African American woman to be nominated for a Tony Award. However, again, she found road blocks in her professional life, due to state-law restrictions in on-screen interracial relationships as well as the need to have her roles edited out for Jim Crow abiding viewers. Blacklisted during the period of McCarthyism in the 1950s, Ms. Horne still recorded what would become the best-selling album by a fe-male singer in RCA Victor’s history in 1957. 
From music and film, Lena had built a sub-
stantial fan base, and by the 1960s, at the peak of the Civil Rights movement, she be-came a staple on television. She had become so renowned in popular culture despite her race that she appeared on shows such as the Dean Martin Show and Ed Sullivan Show. In 1970, Horne co-starred with well known actor, Harry Belafonte, on a show for ABC donning their names—‘‘Harry and Lena.’’ She would go on to play herself on The Muppet Show, Ses-ame Street, and Sanford and Son. In 1981, Lena then received two Grammy awards and a special Tony award for her cast recording of her Broadway show, Lena Horne: The Lady and Her Music. In 1989, she received a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award. 
Amongst her many awards, Ms. Horne was 
the recipient of the Kennedy Center honor for lifetime contribution to the arts in 1984. She received two stars on the Hollywood Walk of Fame—for her work in both motion pictures and recording—in addition to a footprint on the International Civil Rights Walk of Fame at the 
Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historic Site. Lena always fought back when opportunities presented themselves. 
For example, during World War II, Lena had 
been slated to perform for segregated troops of U.S. servicemen. She was appalled to find that African American servicemen had been seated behind German prisoners of war, and refused to partake unless she could sing be-fore an integrated group. As a compromise, Lena left the stage and sang directly in front of her African American counterparts, with the German prisoners of war to her rear. 
Lena notably remained committed to 
bettering lives of the underserved and under-represented for the entirety of her life. An ac-tive participant in the movement, Lena met President John F. Kennedy shortly before his assassination, marched in the March on Washington, and ultimately performed and spoke on behalf of the NAACP, SNCC, and National Council of Negro Women. Also nota-ble is the work that she engaged in with former First Lady, Eleanor Roosevelt to pass anti-lynching laws. Lena was awarded the Spingarn Medal from the NAACP in 1983. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join me in sup-
port of honoring Lena Horne posthumously with a Congressional Gold Medal, for her out-standing contributions to American culture and the Civil Rights Movement. A beautiful person inside and out, Lena willed her talent, intel-ligence, and fame to fight against discrimina-tion, traversing her career on a road filled with potholes full of racial bias and degradation. Lena represents the very best of American ideals and signifies the true purpose of the American Dream. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DR. AZIZAH 
AL-HIBRI’S LIFETIME OF SUP-PORT AND ADVOCACY ON BE-HALF OF HUMAN RIGHTS 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 9, 2015 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Dr. Azizah al-Hibri, a distinguished women’s and human rights advocate, on re-ceiving the prestigious ACCESS Purple Rose Award. As a Member of Congress it is both my privilege and honor to recognize Dr. al- Hibri for her many years of service and con-tributions which have enriched and strength-ened our community. 
Dr. al-Hibri is the Founder and Chair of 
KARAMAH: Muslim Women Lawyers for Human Rights. KARAMAH is a nonprofit orga-nization committed to promoting human rights throughout the globe, especially focusing on gender equity, religious freedom and civil rights in the United States. KARAMAH trans-lates as ‘‘dignity’’ in Arabic and the stated vi-sion of the organization is ‘‘Dignity for All.’’ In 1993, Dr. al-Hibri, then a law professor and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09FE8.001 E09FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E178 February 9, 2015 
noted Islamic scholar at the University of Rich-
mond, was inspired by the verse which reads: ‘‘We have given dignity to the Children of Adam.’’ With faithful commitment to the idea that this verse establishes the fact that human dignity is bestowed upon all human beings, Dr. al-Hibri has committed herself to advanc-ing this understanding of the unalienable rights of women, a cause she continues to champion today. 
Dr. al-Hibri has dedicated her life to edu-
cation, legal outreach and advocacy. Among her many accomplishments, Dr. al-Hibri is a Fulbright scholar and is the founding editor of the journal Hypatia, which is dedicated to Feminist philosophy, particularly as it relates to Muslim women. Recognizing the national importance of her voice and contributions, in 2011 President Obama appointed Dr. al-Hibri to U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom, a truly deserved honor. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
today to honor Dr. al-Hibri for her many con-tributions to our community and her leadership in advancing Human Rights. I wish her many more years of health, happiness, and produc-tive advocacy. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF THOMAS 
W. BIRMINGHAM 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 9, 2015 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today along 
with my colleague Mr. L AMALFA to pay tribute 
to the life of Thomas ‘‘Tom’’ Birmingham, who passed away on January 8, 2015 at the age of 93. Tom was an extraordinary person, and he will always be remembered as a man who lived his life with purpose and great dedication to his students, family, friends and community. 
Tom was born on March 21, 1922 to Thom-
as and Nell Birmingham in Red Bluff, Cali-fornia. He spent much of his childhood living in various northern California towns, as his fa-ther’s career as a Highway Patrolman re-quired. It was while living with his family in Westwood, California that Tom developed many life-long friendships and his happiest childhood memories. He graduated from Clarksburg High School in Clarksburg, Cali-fornia, now called Delta High School, in 1940. 
World War II interrupted Tom’s first attempt 
at attending college. He left school to join the United States Navy. In the Navy, Tom was as-signed to Bombing Squadron Nineteen which flew off of the USS Lexington . Mr. Birmingham 
proudly served our country as an aviator, and was awarded an Air Medal and a Distin-guished Flying Cross for his actions on Octo-ber 25, 1944 during the Battle of Leyte Gulf. Tom was extremely proud of his service and of the men with whom he served on board the Lexington . 
Mr. Birmingham continued his education 
after the War. He enrolled at San Jose State College and graduated in 1950. While at uni-versity, Tom competed in numerous track events including the high hurdle and the triple jump, known at the time as the ‘‘hop, skip, jump.’’ A talented, athletic individual, Mr. Bir-mingham garnered the reputation of a world class athlete. In addition to his skills on the track field, Tom was an avid skier, becoming one of the first instructors at the Mt. Shasta 
Herald Ski School. 
It was while Tom studied at San Jose State 
College that he met the love of his life, Lulu Archer. Tom and Lulu were married in 1951 and stayed in the bay area for another year while Tom completed his teaching credential. Lulu truly was Tom’s one and only. Later the same year, Tom and Lulu moved to Yreka, California where they grew their family with the addition of three children, Kate, Thomas, and John. 
In Yreka, Mr. Birmingham accepted a teach-
ing and coaching position at Yreka High School. As a teacher of art and history, Mr. Birmingham was able to motivate students and develop an excitement in them for learn-ing and personal development. Additionally, coaching track and basketball allowed Tom to form lasting bonds with his students, many of whom he kept in contact throughout his life. 
Following a distinguished 31 years at Yreka 
High School, Mr. Birmingham retired in 1983. Upon his retirement, Tom and Lulu made it a priority to travel together. He also accepted the responsibility of taking care of his wife in the latter stages of her illness. Several years after her passing in 1987, Tom chose to relo-cate to Redding, California to be closer to family, specifically his beloved grandchildren. Throughout his life, his hobbies included hunt-ing, fishing, and, in retirement, restoring old cars. 
Tom’s friendliness and honest nature built 
many lasting friendships during his lifetime. His long and remarkable life is fondly remem-bered by colleagues, students, friends and family. Tom leaves behind his three children; Kate, Thomas, John, their spouses, and his grandchildren. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect that I 
ask my colleagues in the House of Represent-atives to join Mr. L
AMALFA and me in saying 
farewell to a man from the greatest genera-tion, Mr. Thomas W. Birmingham. His genuine character and his loving commitment to his family and community will be greatly missed. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, February 9, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for 
roll call votes 65–68 due to a family emer-gency. 
Had I been present, I would have voted yes 
on #65, yes on #66, yes on #67, and no on #68. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each 
week. 
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, Feb-
ruary 10, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
FEBRUARY 11 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine the situa-
tion in Afghanistan. 
SH–216 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Environmental Protection Agen-cy’s (EPA) proposed carbon dioxide emissions rules from new, modified, and existing power plants. 
SD–406 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold hearings to examine the Na-
tional Labor Relations Board’s (NLRB) new election rule, focusing on employ-ers and employees. 
SD–430 
10 a.m. 
Committee on the Budget 
To hold hearings to examine Social Secu-
rity disability trust fund insolvency. 
SD–608 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
To hold hearings to examine the Inter-
net. 
SR–253 
Committee on Finance 
Business meeting to markup an original 
bill relating to access and administra-tion of the U.S. Tax Court; an original bill to remove alcohol bonding require-ments for certain taxpayers; an origi-nal bill relating to modifications to al-ternative tax for certain small insur-ance companies; an original bill to modify the excise tax on cider; an original bill to truncate the collection period for taxpayers hospitalized for combat zone injuries; an original bill to provide special rules concerning charitable contributions to, and public charity status of, agricultural research organizations; an original bill to pro-vide an exception to the private foun-dation excess business holdings rules for certain philanthropic business hold-ings; an original bill to clarify a special rules for certain governmental plans; an original bill to modify the treat-ment of income received under student work-learning-service programs; an original bill for a waste-heat-to-power investment tax credit; an original bill to allow enrolled agents who meet cer-tain requirements to use specified des-ignations; an original bill relating to real estate investment trusts (REITs), regulated investment companies (RICs) and the Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act (FIRPTA); an origi-nal bill to exclude from gross income certain compensation received by pub-lic safety officers and their dependents; an original bill to convert the tax on liquefied natural gas and liquefied pe-troleum gas to an energy equivalent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09FE8.003 E09FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E179 February 9, 2015 
basis; an original bill to require the In-
ternal Revenue Service to notify ex-empt organizations before revoking ex-empt status for failing to file informa-tion returns; an original bill to exclude from gross income certain clean coal power grants; and an original bill to create a military spouse job continuity credit. 
SD–215 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the Govern-
ment Accountability Office’s (GAO) 
2015 list of high risk government pro-grams. 
SD–342 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine ending mod-
ern day slavery, focusing on the role of United States leadership. 
SD–419 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Devel-
opment 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the United States Army Corps of Engineers and the De-partment of the Interior. 
SD–192 
2:45 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces 
To receive a closed briefing on world- 
wide nuclear capabilities. 
SVC–217 
3 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Personnel 
To hold hearings to examine the retire-
ment and compensation proposals of the Military Compensation and Retire-ment Modernization Commission. 
SD–G50 
FEBRUARY 12 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine the situa-
tion in Afghanistan; to be immediately followed by a closed hearing in SVC– 
217. 
SD–G50 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
To resume hearings to examine regu-
latory relief for community banks and credit unions. 
SD–538 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the Presi-
dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2016 for the Department of En-ergy. 
SD–366 
Committee on the Judiciary 
Business meeting to consider the nomi-
nations of Loretta E. Lynch, of New York, to be Attorney General, Daniel Henry Marti, of Virginia, to be Intel-lectual Property Enforcement Coordi-nator, Executive Office of the Presi-dent, Michelle K. Lee, of California, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trade-mark Office, Alfred H. Bennett, George C. Hanks, Jr., and Jose Rolando Olvera, Jr., each to be a United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas, Jill N. Parrish, to be United States District Judge for the District of Utah, and Nancy B. Firestone, of Virginia, Thomas L. Halkowski, of Pennsylvania, Patricia M. McCarthy, of Maryland, Jeri Kaylene Somers, of Virginia, and Armando Omar Bonilla, of the District of Columbia, each to be a Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims. 
SD–226 
Committee on Rules and Administration 
Business meeting to markup the Omni-
bus Budget resolution for Senate com-mittees for the period March 1, 2015, through February 28, 2017, and an origi-nal resolution to amend Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate. 
SR–301 
12 noon 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
Business meeting to markup S. Res. 65, 
supporting efforts to bring an end to 
violence perpetrated by Boko Haram, and urging the Government of Nigeria 
to conduct transparent, peaceful, and credible elections, and an original reso-lution expressing the sense of the Sen-ate regarding the January 24, 2015, at-tacks carried out by Russian-backed rebels on the civilian population in Mariupol, Ukraine, and the provision of lethal and non-lethal military assist-ance to Ukraine. 
S–116 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
Closed business meeting to markup S. 
165, to extend and enhance prohibitions and limitations with respect to the transfer or release of individuals de-tained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
SVC–217 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To hold hearings to examine certain in-
telligence matters. 
SH–216 
FEBRUARY 24 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the Presi-
dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2016 for the Department of the Interior. 
SD–366 
FEBRUARY 26 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the Presi-
dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2016 for the Forest Service. 
SD–366 
MARCH 25 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces 
To hold hearings to examine ballistic 
missile defense programs in review of 
the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program. 
SR–222 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M09FE8.000 E09FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D115 Monday, February 9, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S843–S872 
Measures Introduced: Ten bills and two resolu-
tions were introduced, as follows: S. 410–419, and S.J. Res. 8–9.
                                                                 Page S858 
Measures Reported: 
S. 295, to amend section 2259 of title 18, United 
States Code. 
S. 337, to improve the Freedom of Information 
Act.                                                                                      Page S858 
Measures Considered: 
Department of Homeland Security Appropria-
tions Act: Senate resumed consideration of the mo-
tion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 240, mak-ing appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015.
                                                                          Pages S843–44 
Appointments: 
Washington’s Farewell Address: The Chair, on 
behalf of the Vice President, pursuant to the order of the Senate of January 24, 1901, as modified by the order of February 9, 2015, appointed Senator Hoeven to read Washington’s Farewell Address on Monday, February 23, 2015.
                                 Page S871 
Washington’s Farewell Address—Agreement: A 
unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that notwithstanding the resolution of the Senate of January 24, 1901, the traditional reading of Wash-ington’s Farewell Address take place on Monday, February 23, 2015, following the prayer and pledge; provided further, that Senator Hoeven be recognized 
to deliver the address.
                                               Page S871 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nomination: 
By a unanimous vote of 92 yeas (Vote No. EX. 
54), Michael P. Botticelli, of the District of Colum-bia, to be Director of National Drug Control Policy. 
                                                                           Pages S852–53, S872 
Messages from the House:                                   Page S856 
Measures Referred:                                                   Page S856 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:    Pages S843, S856 
Executive Communications:                       Pages S856–58 
Additional Cosponsors:                                  Pages S858–60 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                      Pages S860–64 
Additional Statements:                                   Pages S854–56 
Privileges of the Floor:                                          Page S864 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—54)                                                                      Page S853 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-
journed at 6:20 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, February 10, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S872.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 10 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 810–819; and 2 resolutions, H.J. Res. 29; and H. Res. 97, were introduced.
      Pages H865–66 Additional Cosponsors:                                         Page H867 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 629, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 to make permanent the reduced recognition 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:04 Dec 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\FEB 15\D09FE5.REC D09FE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D116 February 9, 2015 
period for built-in gains of S corporations, with an 
amendment (H. Rept. 114–15); 
H.R. 630, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 to make permanent certain rules regarding basis adjustments to stock of S corporations making charitable contributions of property, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 114–16); 
H.R. 641, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 to make permanent the special rule for con-tributions of qualified conservation contributions, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–17); 
H.R. 644, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 to permanently extend and expand the chari-table deduction for contributions of food inventory, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–18); 
H.R. 640, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 to modify the tax rate for excise tax on invest-ment income of private foundations, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 114–19, Part 1); 
H.R. 637, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 to make permanent the rule allowing certain tax-free distributions from individual retirement ac-counts for charitable purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–20, Part 1); and 
H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 114–21, Part 1).
                        Page H865 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Harris to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                              Page H859 
Select Committee on the Events Surrounding the 2012 Terrorist Attack in Benghazi—Appoint-ment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appoint-
ment of the following Members of the House to the Select Committee on the Events Surrounding the 2012 Terrorist Attack in Benghazi: Representatives Cummings, Smith (WA), Schiff, Linda T. Sa ´nchez 
(CA), and Duckworth.
                                              Page H859 
Whole Number of the House: Under clause 5(d) 
of Rule 20, the Chair announced to the House that, in light of the passing of the gentleman from Mis-sissippi, Mr. Nunnelee, the whole number of the House is 433.
                                                                Page H859 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on pages H859. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yea-and-nay 
votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 1 p.m. and ad-
journed at 1:05 p.m. Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, 
FEBRUARY 10, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
global challenges and the United States national security strategy, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to 
hold hearings to examine regulatory relief for community banks and credit unions, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-
committee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Ma-rine Infrastructure, Safety, and Security, to hold hearings to examine keeping goods moving, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine tax 
reform, focusing on lessons Congress can learn from the Tax Reform Act of 1986, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to receive a closed brief-
ing on an update on Iran nuclear negotiations, 9:30 a.m., SVC–217. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to 
hold hearings to examine the reemergence of vaccine-pre-ventable diseases, focusing on exploring the public health successes and challenges, 10 a.m., SD–106. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-
ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Rules , Full Committee, hearing on S. 1, 
the ‘‘Keystone XL Pipeline Approval Act’’; H.R. 636, the ‘‘America’s Small Business Tax Relief Act of 2015’’; H.R. 644, the ‘‘Fighting Hunger Incentive Act of 2015’’; and the committee’s oversight plan for the 114th Congress, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs , Subcommittee on Over-
sight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘An Examina-tion of Waste and Abuse Associated with VA’s Manage-ment of Land-Use Agreements’’, 4 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of February 10 through February 13, 2015 
Senate Chamber 
On Tuesday , Senate will be in a period of morning 
business until 12:30 p.m. 
During the balance of the week, Senate may con-
sider any cleared legislative and executive business. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09FE5.REC D09FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D117 February 9, 2015 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: February 11, Subcommittee 
on Energy and Water Development, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the United States Army Corps of En-gineers and the Department of the Interior, 2:30 p.m., SD–192. 
Committee on Armed Services: February 10, to hold hear-
ings to examine global challenges and the United States national security strategy, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. 
February 11, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine the situation in Afghanistan, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. 
February 11, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, to re-
ceive a closed briefing on world-wide nuclear capabilities, 2:45 p.m., SVC–217. 
February 11, Subcommittee on Personnel, to hold hear-
ings to examine the retirement and compensation pro-posals of the Military Compensation and Retirement Modernization Commission, 3 p.m., SD–G50. 
February 12, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine the situation in Afghanistan; to be immediately followed by a closed hearing in SVC–217, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
February 12, Full Committee, closed business meeting 
to markup S. 165, to extend and enhance prohibitions and limitations with respect to the transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, 2:30 p.m., SVC–217. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Feb-
ruary 10, to hold hearings to examine regulatory relief for 
community banks and credit unions, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
February 12, Full Committee, to resume hearings to 
examine regulatory relief for community banks and credit unions, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
Committee on the Budget: February 11, to hold hearings 
to examine Social Security disability trust fund insol-vency, 10 a.m., SD–608. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Feb-
ruary 10, Subcommittee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety, and Security, to hold hearings to examine keeping goods moving, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
February 11, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine the Internet, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: February 12, 
to hold hearings to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Energy, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: February 11, 
to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Environ-mental Protection Agency’s (EPA) proposed carbon diox-ide emissions rules from new, modified, and existing power plants, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Finance: February 10, to hold hearings to 
examine tax reform, focusing on lessons Congress can learn from the Tax Reform Act of 1986, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
February 11, Full Committee, business meeting to 
markup an original bill relating to access and administra-tion of the U.S. Tax Court; an original bill to remove al-
cohol bonding requirements for certain taxpayers; an original bill relating to modifications to alternative tax for certain small insurance companies; an original bill to modify the excise tax on cider; an original bill to truncate the collection period for taxpayers hospitalized for combat zone injuries; an original bill to provide special rules con-cerning charitable contributions to, and public charity status of, agricultural research organizations; an original bill to provide an exception to the private foundation ex-cess business holdings rules for certain philanthropic busi-
ness holdings; an original bill to clarify a special rules for certain governmental plans; an original bill to modify the treatment of income received under student work-learn-ing-service programs; an original bill for a waste-heat-to- power investment tax credit; an original bill to allow en-rolled agents who meet certain requirements to use speci-fied designations; an original bill relating to real estate investment trusts (REITs), regulated investment compa-nies (RICs) and the Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act (FIRPTA); an original bill to exclude from gross income certain compensation received by public safety of-ficers and their dependents; an original bill to convert the tax on liquefied natural gas and liquefied petroleum gas to an energy equivalent basis; an original bill to require the Internal Revenue Service to notify exempt organiza-tions before revoking exempt status for failing to file in-formation returns; an original bill to exclude from gross income certain clean coal power grants; and an original bill to create a military spouse job continuity credit, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: February 10, to receive a 
closed briefing on an update on Iran nuclear negotiations, 9:30 a.m., SVC–217. 
February 11, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine ending modern day slavery, focusing on the role of United States leadership, 2:15 p.m., SD–419. 
February 12, Full Committee, business meeting to 
markup S. Res. 65, supporting efforts to bring an end to violence perpetrated by Boko Haram, and urging the Government of Nigeria to conduct transparent, peaceful, and credible elections, and an original resolution express-ing the sense of the Senate regarding the January 24, 2015, attacks carried out by Russian-backed rebels on the civilian population in Mariupol, Ukraine, and the provi-sion of lethal and non-lethal military assistance to Ukraine, 12 noon, S–116, Capitol. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Feb-
ruary 10, to hold hearings to examine the reemergence of vaccine-preventable diseases, focusing on exploring the public health successes and challenges, 10 a.m., SD–106. 
February 11, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine the National Labor Relations Board’s (NLRB) new election rule, focusing on employers and employees, 9:30 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
February 11, to hold hearings to examine the Govern-ment Accountability Office’s (GAO) 2015 list of high risk government programs, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on the Judiciary: February 12, business meet-
ing to consider the nominations of Loretta E. Lynch, of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09FE5.REC D09FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D118 February 9, 2015 
New York, to be Attorney General, Daniel Henry Marti, 
of Virginia, to be Intellectual Property Enforcement Co-ordinator, Executive Office of the President, Michelle K. Lee, of California, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office, Alfred H. Bennett, George C. Hanks, Jr., and Jose Rolando Olvera, Jr., each to be a United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas, Jill N. Parrish, to be United States District Judge for the District of Utah, and Nancy B. Firestone, of Virginia, Thomas L. Halkowski, of Pennsylvania, Pa-tricia M. McCarthy, of Maryland, Jeri Kaylene Somers, of Virginia, and Armando Omar Bonilla, of the District of Columbia, each to be a Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Committee on Rules and Administration: February 12, 
business meeting to markup the Omnibus Budget resolu-tion for Senate committees for the period March 1, 2015, through February 28, 2017, and an original resolution to amend Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, 10 a.m., SR–301. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: February 10, to receive a 
closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
February 12, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–216. 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture , February 11, Full Committee, 
hearing to review the state of the rural economy, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
February 12, Full Committee, business meeting to con-
sider the Budget Views and Estimates Letter of the Com-mittee on Agriculture for the agencies and programs under jurisdiction of the Committee for FY 2016 and other organizational matters, 9:30 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
February 12, Full Committee, hearing to review the 
2015 Agenda for the Commodity Futures Trading Com-mission, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Appropriations , February 11, Subcommittee 
on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, hearing on the Indian Health Service budget, 9:30 a.m., B–308 Rayburn. 
February 11, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural De-
velopment, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, hearing on the Commodity Futures Trading Commission budget, 10 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. 
February 11, Subcommittee on Energy and Water De-
velopment, hearing on Army Corps of Engineers, Civil Works budget, 10:30 a.m., 2362–B Rayburn. 
February 11, Subcommittee on State, Foreign Oper-
ations, and Related Programs, hearing on oversight of funding to prevent, prepare for, and respond to the Ebola virus disease outbreak, 10:30 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
February 12, Subcommittee on Energy and Water De-
velopment, hearing on Bureau of Reclamation budget, 10:30 a.m., 2362–B Rayburn. 
February 13, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural De-
velopment, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, hearing on the Department of Agriculture, Of-fice of the Inspector General budget, 10 a.m., 2362–A 
Rayburn. 
Committee on Armed Services , February 11, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘The FY16 Budget Request: A View from Outside Experts: ‘Alternative Budgets and Strategic Choices’ ’’ 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
February 11, Subcommittee on Military Personnel, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Final Recommendations from the Mili-tary Compensation and Retirement Modernization Com-mission’’, 1 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
February 12, Subcommittee on Oversight and Inves-
tigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Update on Detainee Transfers from GTMO’’, 3 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. This hearing will close. 
February 13, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘What 
Is the State of Islamic Extremism: Key Trends, Chal-lenges, and Implications for U.S. Policy’’, 9 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce , February 11, 
Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5, the ‘‘Student Success Act’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
February 12, Subcommittee on Early Childhood, Ele-
mentary, and Secondary Education, hearing entitled ‘‘How Emerging Technology Affects Student Privacy’’, 11:15 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce , February 11, Sub-
committee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Federal Efforts on Mental Health: Why Greater HHS Leadership Is Needed’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
February 11, Subcommittee on Health, hearing enti-
tled ‘‘Examining ICD–10 Implementation’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
February 11, Subcommittee on Energy and Power, 
hearing entitled ‘‘The Fiscal Year 2016 Department of Energy Budget’’, 2 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Ethics , February 12, Full Committee, orga-
nizational meeting for the 114th Congress, 10 a.m., 1015 Longworth. 
Committee on Financial Services , February 11, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Housing in America: Oversight of the Federal Housing Administra-tion’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs , February 11, Sub-
committee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘State Sponsor of Terror: The Global Threat of Iran’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
February 12, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The 
Growing Strategic Threat of ISIS’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Ray-burn. 
February 12, Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia, and 
Emerging Threats, hearing entitled ‘‘Azerbaijan: U.S. En-ergy, Security, and Human Rights Interests’’, 1 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. 
February 12, Subcommittee on the Middle East and 
North Africa; Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Syrian Humanitarian Crisis: 
Four Years Later and No End in Sight’’, 1:30 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09FE5.REC D09FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D119 February 9, 2015 
Committee on Homeland Security , February 11, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Countering Violent Islamist Ex-tremism: The Urgent Threat of Foreign Fighters and Homegrown Terror’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
February 12, Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, Infra-
structure Protection, and Security Technologies, hearing entitled ‘‘Emerging Threats and Technologies to Protect the Homeland’’, 2 p.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on House Administration , February 11, Full 
Committee, hearing on committee funding for the 114th Congress, 11 a.m., 1310 Longworth. 
Committee on the Judiciary , February 11, Subcommittee 
on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investiga-tions, hearing entitled ‘‘Federal Asset Forfeiture: Uses and Reforms’’, 10:30 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
February 11, Subcommittee on Immigration and Bor-
der Security, hearing on a bill to improve immigration law enforcement within the interior of the United States, and for other purposes; a bill to modify the treatment of unaccompanied alien children who are in Federal custody by reason of their immigration status, and for other pur-poses; and a bill to amend the William Wilberforce Traf-ficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008 to provide for the expedited removal of unaccompanied alien children who are not victims of a severe form of trafficking in persons and who do not have a fear of re-turning to their country of nationality or last habitual residence, and for other purposes, 1 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
February 12, Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, 
Commercial and Antitrust Law, hearing entitled ‘‘Con-sumers Shortchanged? Oversight of the Justice Depart-ment’s Mortgage Lending Settlements’’, 10:30 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
February 12, Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual 
Property, and the Internet, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Recent Supreme Court Cases in the Patent Arena’’, 1 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
February 13, Subcommittee on the Constitution and 
Civil Justice, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act and the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act’’, 9:30 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Oversight And Government Reform , February 
11, Full Committee, markup on the committee’s over-sight plan for the 114th Congress; hearing entitled ‘‘GAO’s High Risk Report: 25 Years of Problematic Practices’’, 1:30 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
February 12, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. 
Secret Service: Identifying Steps to Restore the Protective Agency’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
February 12, Subcommittee on National Security; and 
Subcommittee on Health Care, Benefits and Administra-tive Rules, joint hearing entitled, ‘‘The President’s Execu-
tive Actions on Immigration and Their Impact on Federal and State Elections’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
February 13, Subcommittee on Transportation and 
Public Assets; Subcommittee on Government Operations, joint hearing entitled ‘‘D.C. Metro: Is There a Safety Gap?’’ 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology , February 12, 
Subcommittee on Environment; and Subcommittee on Oversight, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Bridging the Gap: America’s Weather Satellites and Weather Forecasting’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
February 12, Subcommittee on Research and Tech-
nology; and Subcommittee on Oversight, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Can Americans Trust the Privacy and Security of Their Information on HealthCare.gov?’’, 2 p.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Small Business , February 12, Full Com-
mittee, organizational meeting for the 114th Congress; hearing entitled ‘‘Contracting and the Industrial Base’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure , February 
11, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Surface Transpor-tation Reauthorization Bill: Laying the Foundation for U.S. Economic Growth and Job Creation Part I’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs , February 11, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Budget Request for Fiscal Year 2016’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
February 12, Full Committee, markup on pending leg-
islation, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
February 12, Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, 
hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of the President’s Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Request for the Department of Labor’s Vet-eran Employment and Training Service’’, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
Committee on Ways and Means , February 11, Sub-
committee on Oversight, organizational meeting for the 114th Congress; hearing on the IRS’s use of civil asset forfeiture laws to seize the bank accounts of law abiding small businesses, and the settlement tactics employed by the agency, 10 a.m., B–318 Rayburn. 
February 11, Subcommittee on Human Resources, or-
ganizational meeting for the 114th Congress; hearing on challenges facing low-income individuals and families in today’s economy, 2 p.m., B–318 Rayburn. 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence , February 12, 
Full Committee, business meeting to consider member access requests and views and estimates, 9 a.m., HVC–304. This meeting will be closed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09FE5.REC D09FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD120 February 9, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Tuesday, February 10 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will be in a period of 
morning business until 12:30 p.m. 
(Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their 
respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
12 p.m., Tuesday, February 10 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of the following 
measures under suspension of the rules: 1) H.R. 810— National Aeronautics and Space Administration Author-ization Act of 2015, 2) H.R. 719—TSA Office of Inspec-tion Accountability Act of 2015, 3) H.R. 720—Gerardo Hernandez Airport Security Act of 2015, and 4) H.R. 710—Essential Transportation Worker Identification Cre-dential Assessment Act. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Chu, Judy, Calif, E177 
Costa, Jim, Calif., E178 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E177 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E177 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E178 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Feb 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D09FE5.REC D09FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST