Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H3881 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JUNE 4, 2015 No. 89 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
God of grace and goodness, thank 
You for giving us another day. 
Your divine wisdom and power are 
abundantly sufficient for our many needs. Endow the Members of this as-sembly with a loyalty that never waiv-ers and a courage that never falters as they seek to fulfill the high and holy mission which has been entrusted to them. 
May it be their purpose, and all of 
ours, to see to the hopes of so many Americans, that we authenticate the grandeur and glory of the ideals and principles of our democracy with the work we do. 
Grant that the men and women of the 
people’s House find the courage and wisdom to work together to forge solu-tions to the many needs of our Nation, and ease the anxieties of so many. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-
woman from New Mexico (Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM ) come for-
ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-
tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
CALLING FOR ZHU YUFU RELEASE 
ON TIANANMEN SQUARE ANNI-VERSARY 
(Mr. HULTGREN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, on 
June 4, 1989, pro-democracy demonstra-tors were killed by Chinese troops while peacefully advocating for govern-ment accountability and political and economic reforms. 
In the aftermath, the Chinese Gov-
ernment arrested large numbers of pro-testers and their supporters, prohibited other demonstrations, expelled foreign journalists, and have prohibited discus-sion or remembrance of these events ever since. 
Today is a solemn reminder of the 
state of human rights in China 26 years after Tiananmen Square. 
Since 2011, Zhu Yufu, a Chinese de-
mocracy advocate, Christian dissident, and poet has languished in prison sim-ply for expressing his democratic be-liefs. Today, I urge his immediate and unconditional release. 
As part of the Defending Freedoms 
Project, my colleagues and I will con-tinue to shine a light on Zhu Yufu’s case and that of other prisoners of con-science. I applaud Zhu Yufu and his fel-low champions of freedom for their courage. We thank them for their cour-age. They are not alone. URGING SUPPORT FOR SANCHEZ- 
YOUNG SOCIAL SECURITY DIS-ABILITY INSURANCE FOR TERMI-NALLY ILL ACT 
(Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
of New Mexico asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, imagine that your loved one was diagnosed with ter-minal leukemia on January 1. They will undergo chemotherapy, need daily medical care and attention, and be un-able to work. 
Without any income, they apply for 
Social Security disability insurance benefits and are quickly approved. However, due to an archaic, bureau-cratic law, your loved one will have to wait 5 months before receiving any benefits. If you were diagnosed with a terminal illness on the first week of the new year, you wouldn’t receive dis-ability benefits until this week, the 21st week of the year. 
Mr. Speaker, I wish this was just a 
hypothetical example, but this hap-pened to an Albuquerque resident and my friend, Jeremy Sanchez, who had to wait months before receiving the bene-fits that he earned, after being diag-nosed with leukemia. 
That is why I, along with my col-
league Congressman I
SRAEL , am intro-
ducing the Sanchez-Young Social Secu-rity Disability Insurance for the Ter-minally Ill Act, which would repeal the 5-month waiting period for the termi-nally ill and ensure that SSDI protects the most vulnerable recipients when they need it most. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
sensible bill. 
f 
HONORING LAKE COUNTY FOREST 
PRESERVE 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN7.000 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3882 June 4, 2015 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the men and women of the Lake County Forest Preserve District and their 100-year vision for protecting Lake County’s unique and precious en-vironment. 
Led by Executive Director Ty 
Kovach, they have assembled a bold, 100-year vision for how to preserve our wildlife and this natural resource, not just for us today, but for our children and our children’s children. 
Mr. Speaker, the Lake County Forest 
Preserve District wants to ensure fu-ture generations can reap the benefits from a healthy and resilient environ-ment and understand that the only way to ensure a better future is to make changes today. Their education and leadership on conservation issues will go a long way to protecting this incred-ible resource. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank them for their 
efforts and humbly stand by their side to continue to champion the impor-tance of protecting our environment. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
EXTEND FLORIDA’S GULF COAST 
OIL DRILLING BAN TO YEAR 2027 
(Ms. GRAHAM asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, today I 
rise to speak in support of new legisla-tion I am cosponsoring with my friend Congressman D
AVID JOLLY to extend 
Florida’s Gulf Coast oil drilling ban to the year 2027. 
The drilling ban currently extends 
125 miles off much of Florida’s Gulf Coast and as far as 235 miles in some areas, but it is set to expire in 2022. There are some in the Senate trying to reduce the ban to just 50 miles as soon as next year. 
This legislation reaffirms our com-
mitment to protecting Florida’s pre-cious Gulf Coast beaches and will pro-tect the environment, our economy, and military operations in the Gulf. 
An oil spill like Deepwater Horizon 
just 50 miles off of northwest Florida’s beaches would be devastating for our region. We can’t allow that to happen and should pass this legislation to ex-tend the drilling ban and protect Flor-ida’s Gulf Coast beaches. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PENN STATE 
CREAMERY ON 150 YEARS 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, House Majority Leader K
EVIN MCCARTHY calls it ‘‘some of the 
best ice cream I have had outside of my hometown of Bakersfield.’’ 
The majority leader, of course, is re-
ferring to the ice cream produced at Penn State University’s Berkey Cream-ery. I am proud to rise today in rec-ognition of the creamery’s 150th anni-
versary. 
The creamery, located in the Rodney 
A. Erickson Food Science Building on Penn State University’s main campus, was first established in 1865. 
Penn State is home to the largest 
university creamery in the United States, using more than 4.5 million pounds of milk each year, supporting Pennsylvania’s robust dairy industry. 
To help celebrate their 150th anniver-
sary, the creamery has launched a so-cial media contest, which allows fans to select the special sesquicentennial flavor. Voters have a few days left to choose between birthday cake, straw-berry cheesecake, or red velvet. 
Mr. Speaker, as a proud graduate of 
Penn State University, I congratulate the Berkey Creamery on 150 years of creating countless memories, and espe-cially the hard-working student em-ployees and the 23 full-time employees that make the operations such a great success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING TAMPA BAY 
ESTUARY PROGRAM 
(Mr. JOLLY asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the Tampa Bay Estuary Program and the great work they have done since their founding in 1991. 
The Tampa Bay Estuary contains one 
of the most vibrant and productive eco-systems along the Gulf Coast because the unique mix of saltwater from the Gulf and freshwater from rivers and up-lands have created abundant nurseries for juvenile fish and other sea life. More than 70 percent of all fish, shell-fish, and crustaceans spend some crit-ical stage of their development in these near-shore waters protected from larg-er predators that swim the open sea. 
Very importantly, scientists at the 
Southwest Florida Water Management District have found that Tampa Bay now supports over 40,000 acres of sea grass beds. Tampa Bay is Florida’s largest open water estuary. Due to the great work of the program, Tampa Bay’s water quality is now as good as it was in 1950. 
I want to thank the leadership of 
Tampa Bay’s estuary program, particu-larly Executive Director Holly Green-ing, for her vision not only for the es-tuary program, but for the entire Tampa Bay community. 
Tampa Bay is coming back to life, 
again assuming its position as the shimmering economic and environ-mental centerpiece of the vibrant southwest Florida region. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHUCK JOHNSON 
(Mr. ZINKE asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to pay tribute to Chuck Johnson, a man who kept me and countless other 
public servants in Montana honest and accountable as the capitol bureau chief and longtime political reporter. 
Chuck’s 43-year journalism career 
began in 1977. In the decades since, Chuck has been the primary educator of government, politics, and ethics for generations of Montanans. 
I had the pleasure of getting to know 
Chuck as a State senator and had the distinct pleasure of traveling with him across Montana. He is a straight shoot-er and a true professional. 
In the era of online and 24-hour news 
outlets that push agendas and competi-tion for cliques, Chuck’s modus ope-randi was to tell the truth, tell the facts, and let the people of Montana de-cide. I urge future journalists to study his work and learn what they can from this true Montana professional. 
I wish Chuck fair winds and following 
seas in his retirement. Bravo Zulu. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND 
URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
H
ULTGREN ). Pursuant to House Resolu-
tion 287 and rule XVIII, the Chair de-clares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2577. 
Will the gentleman from Texas (Mr. 
P
OE) kindly take the chair. 
b0912 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2577) making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. P
OEof Texas (Act-
ing Chair) in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, an amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ) 
had been disposed of, and the bill had been read through page 156, line 15. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MRS . 
BLACKBURN  
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. Each amount made available by 
this Act is hereby reduced by 1 percent. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentlewoman from Tennessee and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Tennessee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04JN7.002 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3883 June 4, 2015 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I 
am certain it comes as no surprise to anyone in this body that, as we go through this appropriations season, I come back to the floor working to make another cut to get our spending levels down. The bill we have before us, the T-HUD approps, is a $55.3 billion bill. That is discretionary funding. 
b0915 
Now, credit should go to the sub-
committee chairmen and to those who have worked on this to get the spend-ing levels down because this is $9.7 bil-lion below the President’s request. That is really quite remarkable. And my amendment, which is another 1 per-cent reduction—a penny out of a dol-lar—would save our taxpayers $598 mil-lion and would reduce the 2006 outlays by $369 million. 
Now, Mr. Chairman, when you look 
at budget authority and you look at the outlays, those are significant num-bers. They are significant also, Mr. Chairman, when you look at the debt. We are $18.3 trillion in debt; and, quite frankly, I think that that is too much debt for us to ask our children and grandchildren to handle. 
I think it is imperative that we, as 
stewards of the taxpayers’ money, put these issues on the table and say, ‘‘Yes, there are great things we would like to do,’’ ‘‘Yes, there are projects that would be wonderful,’’ but we have to be responsible to the taxpayers. 
This is not Federal money. It doesn’t 
just grow on trees. What we have to re-alize is that it all comes from tax-payers. They are overtaxed. They feel the Federal Government is overspent, and they want to see the spending brought under control. I agree with them. That is why I bring this amend-ment forward. 
Mr. Chairman, I think, also, we have 
to look at the fact that our economic security, our fiscal security, and our national security are all closely linked. Because of that, Admiral Mullen said that the greatest threat to our Na-tion’s security is our Nation’s debt. We have to get serious about reducing this debt. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, 
the bill that is in front of us is a re-sponsible bill that adheres to the budg-et caps set by law and passed by this body. We set priorities in this bill, and we made targeted cuts to overhead, sal-aries, expenses, and also duplicative programs, Mr. Chairman. Many pro-grams are also held at last year’s level or below. Again, we made some tough decisions. 
The problem is, when you are doing, 
frankly, an across-the-board cut with this amendment, it would have some, frankly—and I know it is well inten-tioned—it would have some harmful ef-
fects on the priorities set by the Mem-bers of this House. Again, we have cut programs, but based on hearings, on meetings, on discussions, and on care-ful reviews of, again, the budget jus-tifications and also the audits. 
This amendment, and I know it is 
very well intentioned, would hit, for example, air traffic control operations and cause unnecessary flight delays. It could hurt our most vulnerable popu-lations by, for example, affecting as-sistance to over 50,000 residents, in-cluding elderly and disabled popu-lations. 
Now, I am not telling you that there 
are not areas that can be reduced. We have done that. As a matter of fact, we have been in debate, and we have heard a lot of debate about some people say-ing that we have done too much of that. But we have done so after hours and hours of deliberations, of talking, of conversations, of study, and of hear-ings. So, again, I know it is a well-in-tended amendment, and I am a huge admirer of the sponsor of this amend-ment, but I have to respectfully urge a ‘‘no’’ vote precisely because of the time we have spent to make the right reduc-tions as opposed to across-the-board re-ductions. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE), the rank-
ing member of the subcommittee. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I thank the chairman of our subcommittee for yielding, and I want to join him in opposing this amend-ment. 
This is an indiscriminate amend-
ment. It cuts programs in transpor-tation and housing without any thought as to their relative merits. It is the opposite of intelligent appro-priating. 
For example, this would result in 
fewer air traffic controllers, fewer pipe-line safety inspectors, and the evic-tion—literally, the eviction—of elderly and disabled tenants. More generally, investments in our transportation and housing infrastructure would be al-tered. The associated jobs would be lost. 
This bill is already underfunded, Mr. 
Chairman. It has got to be revisited when we have a budget agreement that lets us do a decent job with this bill. 
So this amendment goes in exactly 
the wrong directions. It would encour-age the agencies not to do more with less, but to do less with less, and it would be a body blow to our constitu-ents and our communities. 
Mr. Chairman, I strongly urge oppo-
sition to the amendment. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Chairman, let me tell you why 
this is the right approach. Our States, who can’t go print money in order to balance their budget, utilize across- the-board cuts. Look at Tennessee, 
Massachusetts, Washington State, New Jersey, and Colorado. They all employ this. Here is why, if you want to engage State employees and Federal employ-ees, and bring the agencies into the process, you say: Okay. We have set your budget levels, we have appro-priated your money, now we are com-ing to you. You are a part of the team, and we need you to engage in how we best save taxpayer money. 
This is why it works in the States. 
When I was in the State senate in Ten-nessee, if we didn’t balance the budget, we didn’t go home. It is time for the Federal Government to dig deep and engage these employees. You can talk with rank-and-file Federal employees. I have done it many times. They say we know how we can save money, but they are not incentivized to do so. Let’s challenge them. Let’s engage them. Let’s have them bring forward their best ideas. 
A penny on a dollar? Absolutely. We 
are doing this for the children. We are doing this for future generations. We are doing this for our Nation’s fiscal health, and we are doing it to preserve our sovereignty to get these debt levels down. 
It is time for us to do that. It is re-
sponsible budgeting. It is time for ev-erybody to be a part of the team, put-ting this Nation back on the road to fiscal health, to a balanced budget, and being respectful of the taxpayer and a good steward of the taxpayers’ money. 
Mr. Chairman, I encourage my col-
leagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK -
BURN ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . NORTON  
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used in contravention of the 5th or 14th Amendment to the Constitu-tion or title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from the District of Columbia. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04JN7.004 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3884 June 4, 2015 
Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an 
amendment to prohibit the use of Fed-eral funds to stop, investigate, detain, or arrest people on highways based on their physical appearance in violation of the Fifth and 14th Amendments of the United States Constitution and title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. This is the same amendment I success-fully offered to the fiscal year 2015 T- HUD appropriations bill and was agreed to by a voice vote on the House floor and was included in the fiscal year 2015 omnibus bill. I ask the same for the current amendment, which, like the one passed by the House last year, seeks to prevent profiling by law en-forcement officials and to ensure that citizens are not stopped, investigated, or detained based on their color or other inherent physical appearance. 
The Supreme Court, in Whren v. 
United States, held that profiling based on physical appearance on highways violates equal protection of the laws. Title VI of the 1964 Civil Rights Act, whose 50th anniversary we celebrated in 2014, enforces the 14th Amendment and applies to funding for all Federal agencies and departments. My amend-ment carries out this title VI mandate as expressed in transportation funding in particular. 
Federal guidance regarding the use of 
race by a Federal law enforcement offi-cial finds that racial profiling is not merely wrong, but is also ineffective. Not only Blacks and Hispanics are af-fected, but many others in our country as well, given the increasing diversity of American society. 
The United States Department of 
Justice’s Bureau of Justice Statistics reports that Whites are stopped at a rate of 3.6 percent, but Blacks at 9.5 percent and Hispanics at 8.8 percent, more than twice that of Whites. The figures are roughly the same regardless of region or State. 
In Minnesota, for example, a state-
wide study of racial profiling found that African American, Hispanic, and Native American drivers were stopped and searched far more often than Whites, yet contraband was found more frequently in cars where White drivers had been stopped. 
In Texas, where disproportionate 
stops and searches of African Ameri-cans and Hispanics were found to have taken place, it was also found that Whites more often were carrying con-traband. 
Earlier this Congress, I reintroduced 
the Racial Profiling Prevention Act, my bill to reestablish a popular Fed-eral program aimed at reducing racial profiling. This bill permits States to apply for grants to develop racial profiling laws, to collect and maintain data on traffic stops, to fashion pro-grams to reduce racial profiling, and to train law enforcement officers. 
Nearly half the States participated in 
the program when it was in existence, which shows both the need and the in-terest in our country in tackling this civil rights issue. I got this program in-cluded in the surface transportation 
law in 2005, but that program expired in 2009. I will try to get this bill in-cluded in the surface transportation re-authorization bill we will be writing this year, but in the meantime, a for-mal prohibition on racial profiling is in order. Meanwhile, Congress should have no hesitation in carrying out the 14th Amendment and the 1964 Civil Rights Act mandate regarding Federal funding of transportation, and neither the House nor the Senate hesitated last year. 
Considering our country’s history 
and increasing diversity, we are late in barring profiling at the national level. At the very least, Federal taxpayers should not be compelled to subsidize the unconstitutional practice of profiling by law enforcement officials in the States. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge the adoption of 
this amendment, especially in light of recent issues in cities like Ferguson and Baltimore. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from the District of Colum-bia (Ms. N
ORTON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to carry out the rule entitled ‘‘Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing’’, published by the Department of Housing and Urban Development in the Fed-eral Register on July 19, 2013 (78 Fed. Reg. 43710; Docket No. FR-5173-P-01) or to carry out the notice entitled ‘‘Affirmatively Fur-thering Fair Housing Assessment Tool’’, pub-lished by the Department of Housing and Urban Development in the Federal Register on September 26, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 57949; Docket No. FR-5173-N-02). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
b0930 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to offer an amendment intended to prevent yet another costly over-reach by the Federal Government into the jurisdiction of local towns and communities. 
Last Congress, during debate on this 
bill, the House passed an amendment of mine to prevent funds for HUD’s pro-posed new regulation that will allow bureaucrats in Washington, D.C., to get in the middle of local planning and zoning and prohibit community devel-opment block grant funds from going to communities that need them. 
The amendment seeks to once again 
defund and block this new regulation that was not approved by Congress. 
HUD’s misguided rule would grant the Department authority to dictate local zoning requirements in any community across the country that applies for a community development block grant. 
According to reports, in 2012, this 
rule would have negatively impacted more than 1,200 municipalities throughout the country, causing these communities to forfeit millions that are meant to help the neediest of fami-lies. 
Once again, this flawed proposal by 
HUD will increase local taxes, depress property values, and cause further harm to impoverished communities that are actually in need of these funds. 
These burdensome zoning rules that 
would be imposed by HUD bureaucrats on localities would be derived from tracked resident data based on citizens’ race, sex, religion, and other federally protected demographics. 
Multiple watchdog groups have 
raised serious and valid concerns about HUD’s proposal. A trial run of this rule already took place in New York. It failed miserably, and a local county was initially forced to forego $12 mil-lion in funds that would have benefited the community due to the impractical and unrealistic requirements associ-ated with the misguided agency regula-tion. 
The county had intended to use a 
large portion of these block grant funds to establish public housing for individuals in need. But recently, the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit ruled in favor of the county and granted a stay against HUD’s attempts to reallocate those millions. 
This new regulation that is sitting at 
OMB is very dangerous and, worst of all, unnecessary. The Federal Govern-ment already has the authority to withhold grant money from commu-nities that violate the law. And to clar-ify, I do mean the actual law in the United States Code, as opposed to over-reaching executive dictums. 
American citizens and communities 
should be free to choose where they would like to live and not be subject to Federal neighborhood microengineer-ing at the behest of overreaching Fed-eral bureaucrats. 
Further, HUD officials shouldn’t be 
holding hostage grant moneys aimed at community improvement based on its unrealistic utopian ideas of what every community should resemble. Local zoning decisions have traditionally been, and should always be, made by local communities, not bureaucrats in Washington, D.C. 
I ask my colleagues to support this 
commonsense amendment because it keeps the Federal Government out of your backyard and prevents the Feds from reorganizing communities to a fantastical standard. 
I ask my colleagues to support this 
amendment because it aims to treat municipalities and individual citizens 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04JN7.007 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3885 June 4, 2015 
as capable and intelligent, rather than 
disenfranchised, divided, and coddled groups in need of protection from a problem that does not exist. 
As always, I thank the chairman and 
ranking member for their continued work on the committee. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. 
The rule in question, HUD’s rule, is 
intended to help communities more fully comply with the law and to avoid costly and time-consuming legal chal-lenges. 
The charge that this rule injects 
HUD into local planning and zoning conditions is simply inaccurate. Nor does it set up additional hurdles to Federal funding. That is inaccurate too. 
The rule allows for communities to 
better understand local conditions and to create locally decided and imple-mented solutions. 
I don’t understand why we would 
want to revert back to a standard that relied on drawn-out litigation rather than simply presenting communities up front with information on local housing conditions and letting them address their needs. I know my local officials prefer community developed solutions over decrees that are judi-cially imposed. 
With that, I yield to the gentleman 
from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ), a dis-
tinguished member of the Financial Services Committee, to express his op-position to this amendment. 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to thank the gentleman for the time. 
Let’s talk about what we are really 
actually talking about. We are trying to fight racial segregation. That is what this is all about. Our Nation, the Nation I love, held slaves for 246 years and did Jim Crow segregation for an-other 100 years, and that created racial segregation patterns which this Mem-ber is trying to stop us from cor-recting. This is deeply offensive. 
I just want to say that when I think 
about the progress that our Nation has made so that when we say ‘‘all men are created equal’’ and when we say ‘‘lib-erty and justice for all,’’ that it will be true. This amendment is saying no, we are not going to allow it to be true; we are going to keep residential segrega-tion based on race; we are going to make communities balkanize. 
When I hear somebody say something 
like the Federal Government should stay out of local affairs, that sounds like some states’ rights talk from 1955. That sounds like something really of-fensive to me. 
Look, we need HUD to help imple-
ment affirmatively furthering fair housing rules. We need that. We need HUD to expand its efforts to fight dis-
crimination and promote equal oppor-tunity in every community. 
Too often in this country, too many 
people’s economic opportunities, their life chances, are limited by where they live. And yes, the Federal Government should promote equality and should promote fair housing. Affirmatively furthering a fair housing rule helps to do that. Why we would want to strip it out makes absolutely no sense to me. 
I urge Members to understand what 
is going on right here and to very fer-vently vote ‘‘no’’ on the Gosar amend-ment. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, how dare 
the opposition create and instigate rac-ism. This is about decisions made at the local level and the local level knowing what is best for their commu-nities. There is nothing of the sort that the gentleman from Minnesota brought up in regard to that attitude that I brought forward. 
This is an overreach of the Federal 
Government instilling in our local communities where, how, and when people are going to live. That is the wrong way to be. Instead of building cripples like we are doing right now with the Federal Government, we ought to make sustainable commu-nities that are based on local ideas and principles. 
I ask all Members to vote for this 
amendment because it definitely re-jects the overreach of the Federal Gov-ernment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . NORTON  
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to permit air trans-portation service between midnight and 6 a.m. at Ronald Reagan National Airport (DCA). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from the District of Columbia. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an 
amendment that would prohibit Fed-eral funds from being used to permit airline service between midnight and 6 a.m. at Ronald Reagan National Air-port. 
Last month, I held a widely attended 
community meeting with standing room only on airport airplane noise with residents of Palisades, Foxhall, Georgetown, Hillandale, and other im-pacted neighborhoods in the District of Columbia. Representatives of the Met-ropolitan Washington Airports Author-ity, the Federal Aviation Administra-tion, and residents sat on a panel while we discussed airplane noise that has completely disrupted the life of this community. 
Over the last 18 months, D.C. resi-
dents have reported an increase in air 
traffic activity during nighttime and early morning hours, breaking the sleep of children and adults alike. Dur-ing this time period, one airline added two flights that arrive at Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport after midnight and three flights that depart before 5 a.m. 
As of now, there is no congressional 
prohibition, none whatsoever, on night-time flights at Ronald Reagan National Airport. Until recent years, however, flights at this airport could not land after 10 p.m. or take off before 7 a.m. 
My amendment gives airlines greater 
latitude without introducing con-tinuing sleepless nights for residents. Congress can settle this issue in the Nation’s Capital to provide relief to those residents who suffer from airline noise night after night and early morn-ing after early morning. 
I urge the adoption of my amend-
ment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, 
at this time, I will have to oppose this amendment. 
I am actually concerned about the 
potential unintended consequences of this amendment. We don’t know all of the potential impacts of this amend-ment, from safety to capacity to, frankly, the effect on local economics. 
We have made in this bill an effort 
not to legislatively direct specific flight restrictions or flight paths. As you can well imagine, Mr. Chairman, there are a lot of these issues out there, but we have made the decision to not do that. 
And again, we just don’t know all of 
the potential unintended consequences, so I would respectfully have to urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
I yield the balance of my time to the 
gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE). 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I appreciate the chairman yielding. 
I would simply add an observation 
about the situation that this and other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04JN7.010 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3886 June 4, 2015 
amendments we may be considering 
today point to with respect to the pending FAA authorization. It is expir-ing at the end of this fiscal year. 
Our colleagues on the Transportation 
and Infrastructure Committee are ex-ploring options to reform the FAA. One of them includes separating the FAA from the Department of Transpor-tation and allowing the FAA more independence over the use of its re-sources. 
This is an important time to encour-
age our colleagues to think very care-fully about that, about whether a more independent FAA, one that does not have to rely on annual appropriations, would be as attentive to concerns such as our colleague raises today, concerns about noise, concerns about flight paths. 
We ought to move very cautiously in 
this area. I have misgivings about the piecemeal approach, but I believe there is an important message that is being delivered to the leadership of the FAA. I strongly urge the Administrator to ensure the FAA is more attentive to the concerns that are raised by com-munities when developing their new flight procedures. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, while I 
understand the concerns of my friend on the other side of the aisle, and I ap-preciate the remarks of my friend on this side, I do alert the House to the fact that I am at least speaking from precedent. 
I understand that all over the United 
States there are people who may have similar concerns. But remember, we are talking about a jurisdiction which in recent years has had no flights be-tween 10 and 7, and now there are some airlines that have taken advantage of the fact that there are no limit on slots at Reagan National Airport. 
This is a community in the Nation’s 
Capital that is metropolitan in scope. The Nation’s Capital is different from many other communities. I ask the House—and I certainly appreciate the remarks concerning possible privatiza-tion of FAA—to bear in mind that it is Congress that is ultimately the arbiter of such concerns. 
I urge adoption of my amendment 
and yield back the balance of my time. 
b0945 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from the District of Colum-bia (Ms. N
ORTON ). 
The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to implement, ad-minister, or enforce the rule entitled ‘‘Haz-ardous Materials: Enhanced Tank Car Stand-
ards and Operational Controls for High-Haz-ard Flammable Trains’’ published by the De-partment of Transportation in the Federal Register on May 8, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 26643 et seq.). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to offer an amendment which would prohibit funds for the implemen-tation of the Department of Transpor-tation’s bungled new regulations for rail tank car standards. 
I am strongly in favor of robust 
standards and best practices which ac-tually improve the safety and effi-ciency of oil-by-rail transport. How-ever, the new tank car rule completely missed the mark. 
Instead of utilizing the expertise and 
practical experience of the rail, oil, and manufacturing industries, the Obama administration developed a series of special interest regulations at the be-hest of extremist environmental groups that seem more intent on thwarting the American energy renaissance than on actually creating a safer rail net-work. 
In fact, the only reason these new 
regulations were even proposed is be-cause of a misguided lawsuit filed against the DOT by the Sierra Club. 
Analytics firm ICF International es-
timated the cost of these new regula-tions to top $42 billion, which will be laid on the backs of individual con-sumers and hard-working Americans. I repeat, $42 billion will be lost to our economy as a result of this new rule. These costly regulations will be re-flected not only in the price we pay at the pump, but also in the price of man-ufacturing the millions of products that use plastics and chemicals derived from American petroleum. 
The most egregious part is that these 
regulations don’t even address the root cause of these accidents, which are re-lated to track conditions and human error. 
This new rule is nothing more than 
regulation in search of a problem. De-partment of Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx said as much in 2014 when he admitted: ‘‘The truth is that 99.9 percent of these oil shipments reach their destinations safely.’’ 
These new and overreaching man-
dates require railroad companies to un-necessarily increase their steel tank walls and will require significant up-grades and retrofitting for an esti-mated 154,500 tank cars. In fact, The Wall Street Journal has reported: ‘‘The steel jacket alone would lower a car’s 30,000-gallon capacity by about 800 gal-lons, forcing shippers to deploy more cars, according to rail industry ana-lysts.’’ 
Clearly, this is an unintended con-
sequence of these new regulations for a .01 percent problem, which actually in-creases this .01 percent user accident 
rate percentage by requiring signifi-cantly more railcars to actually haul the amount of oil. 
In addition, the aggressive timeline 
proposed by the DOT for completing these retrofits is unrealistic and could harm consumers by disrupting the pro-duction and transportation of goods that play major roles in our economy, including chemicals, gasoline, crude oil, and ethanol. 
If Democrats and this administration 
were really concerned about rail safety for transporting oil, they would ap-prove the Keystone pipeline. Pipelines are the safest way to transfer crude. 
Our country is in the midst of an en-
ergy renaissance which is driving a much-needed economic revival in American manufacturing. We should be pursuing thoughtful, fact-based best practices, instead of adding artificial constraints on the growth of the Amer-ican energy sector focused on a 1 per-cent problem that is caused by user error. 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
my amendment which would prohibit the implementation of this extraneous new rule and to insist that the Depart-ment of Transportation pursue a more feasible, data-driven approach that has safety standards in mind. 
I thank the chair and ranking mem-
ber for their leadership on this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise, honestly, in some dis-belief that this amendment is actually being offered. 
Members of Congress and industry 
stakeholders have been calling for months for the DOT to complete its rulemaking to update the integrity of tank cars that carry energy products and other hazardous materials. The DOT got the final rule out on May 8, and now, today, the gentleman wants to stop the implementation of that rule in its tracks. 
There have been countless examples 
of derailments involving trains that carry crude oil and other energy prod-ucts. These incidents have resulted in explosive fires that burn for days. The incident that occurred in Quebec re-sulted in the preventable deaths of al-most 50 people. 
U.S. and Canadian transportation of-
ficials have worked hard to try to im-prove the safe transportation of these dangerous products. The railroad in-dustry wants stronger cars. Safety groups want stronger cars. Commu-nities desperately want stronger cars. 
We ought not to delay the implemen-
tation of this long-awaited rule, so I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. 
I am now happy to yield to the gen-
tleman from Florida (Mr. D
IAZ- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04JN7.012 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3887 June 4, 2015 
BALART ), our distinguished sub-
committee chairman. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I also need to first 
recognize and thank the sponsor of the amendment. I am grateful that he is so vigilant as the Federal Government does have a tendency to overregulate and to, frankly, sometimes do so, I would say, irresponsibly. However, in this case, I have to oppose his amend-ment. 
We have seen some horrific accidents 
recently associated with crude oil, and I think most Americans would agree that we need to do what we can in a reasonable fashion to try to stop that from happening. 
While I am grateful for the sponsor of 
the amendment for always being vigi-lant on making sure the government doesn’t overregulate, in this case, again, I respectfully have to oppose his amendment and urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I want to 
make sure everybody understands that user error and train track applications are the ones that have actually caused these problems. 
When you actually look at a solution 
to a fact-based application, we ought to be spending more time on engineering errors and track conditions than we are over something that is misguided, like these tank car metals. 
I urge all of my colleagues to vote in 
favor of the Gosar amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. Section 5309(a) of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3) by inserting ‘‘or as 
merited by ridership demands’’ after ‘‘week-end days’’; 
(2) in paragraph (4)(A) by inserting ‘‘or in-
cludes performance features that otherwise ensure reliable travel times for public trans-portation operating in a separated right-of- way in a shared-use facility’’ after ‘‘peak pe-riods’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (4)(C)(iii) by inserting ‘‘or 
as merited by ridership demands’’ after ‘‘weekend days’’. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve a point of order on the gentle-man’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. Pursuant to House Resolution 287, 
the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Colorado. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, on behalf 
of a number of Western Representa-tives, I am proud to offer this bipar-tisan amendment, along with Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Ms. 
MCSALLY , and Ms. D EGETTE . 
As we know and as has often been 
mentioned here on the floor, transpor-tation is the lifeblood of this country. It moves people, goods, ideas, and in-formation. Denver, Boulder, Fort Col-lins, and Broomfield, in my district, are some of the fastest growing cities in the country. 
The majority of our tourists—over 46 
million in 2014—make their way through the Denver Metro area; but the very things that make our State a popular home as well as a popular tour-ist destination—including hiking, biking, hunting, fishing, skiing—chal-lenge growth and infrastructure as well. 
Despite that fact that these cities are 
growing at significant rates and tour-ism is heavily congesting space, many of the major thoroughfares inter-secting the region have not been ex-panded in decades. 
Highway 70 West, our major tourism 
artery to our world-class ski resorts, stretches from the Denver Metro area out to our 14,000-foot peaks. I–25 North takes our visitors north of Denver and 
through Longmont, Loveland, Fort Collins, all the way to Wyoming. 
These two highways are effectively 
the only major arteries traveling north and west of Denver and the only option for residents and visitors to my district to even get out of Vail, Breckenridge, or Fort Collins; and in some places, these highways narrow to as little as two lanes, meaning hard-working con-stituents who commute every day across my district might wait for hours every day just to go back and forth. 
Tourists, likewise, spend long times 
waiting to get out of their destination towns or to their our attractions. 
Worse yet, Mr. Chairman, is a lack of 
a clear solution. You cannot simply ex-pand a road that winds up some of the steepest peaks in the United States, and it is very costly to expand a tunnel under a large mountain. 
One of the only good options that we 
have for quick, reliable, and affordable mass public transportation is bus rapid transit systems. On Highway 36, our main artery from Boulder to Denver, we recently began operating a BRT system with huge success. 
This system shares a HOT lane with 
high-occupancy vehicles that allows for expedited and assured arrive times. It is used by hundreds of people every day for their commutes. That tool, however, was recently taken out of the toolbox for States across the West. 
A hugely problematic change to our 
surface transportation and authoriza-tion MAP–21 bill 3 years ago was the 
heavy restrictions placed on project eligibility for capital investment grants that build BRT systems nation-wide. 
Unfortunately, for the first time in 
history, Congress required that BRT systems have access to an exclusive lane and operate as regularly during nonpeak weekday hours and weekends as they do during peak hours. That simply doesn’t match the reality on the ground in places like Colorado and Arizona. 
Mr. Chairman, we need access to 
these grants. The ability to create and innovate in transportation should be encouraged by Congress; yet we are re-moving the very critical area of invest-ment for BRTs under the current MAP– 21 rule, barring them from BRT eligi-bility because we don’t have the capac-ity to add additional lanes, nor does it make any sense to reserve a lane solely for bus traffic, nor does it make any sense in our commuter and tourism corridors to have buses every couple of minutes on, let’s say, a Tuesday at 2 p.m. or on a Sunday at 9 p.m. Ridership and data should drive these decisions, not Washington bureaucrats and not Congress. 
My amendment would allow our 
States and localities the flexibility we need to create the best possible surface transportation system in our area. There simply isn’t a one size fits all when it comes to growth and infra-structure. 
I encourage this body to take into ac-
count the needs of States like Colorado and Arizona. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve a point of order. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, par-
liamentary inquiry. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
will state his parliamentary inquiry. 
Mr. POLIS. Did the gentleman in-
voke his point of order or reserve a point of order? 
The Acting CHAIR. The Chair under-
stood that the gentleman from Florida reserved a point of order. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, instead of 
giving top-down directives from Wash-ington, we should be allowing for the equity of Federal resources and take into account local needs. What works for some transportation corridors might not work for others. We simply have different needs with regard to our computing patterns and tourism pat-terns in other areas of the country. 
I am proud to bring up this amend-
ment with a strong bipartisan coalition of Members, which includes Represent-atives C
OFFMAN , P ERLMUTTER , 
SCHWEIKERT , DEGETTE , M CSALLY , and 
KIRKPATRICK , because we can’t effec-
tively discuss funding levels like those in the underlying bill without first put-ting in place equitable policies that en-courage innovation for their disburse-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04JN7.014 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3888 June 4, 2015 
I ask that my colleagues work with 
me and the coalition of Members I have named to find and enact a fix as we move forward with the transportation reauthorization later this summer. 
I yield to the gentleman from Florida 
(Mr. D
IAZ-BALART ) to see if he will be 
willing to work with us with regard to finding a fix on this policy issue. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman. 
I know the gentleman is very com-
mitted and has worked awfully hard. I look forward to working with him on this. 
Again, I know how passionate he is 
about this, and I look forward to work-ing with him. 
Mr. POLIS. In reclaiming my time, 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous con-sent to withdraw this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? 
There was no objection. 
b1000 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used for the Federal Transit Administration’s Rapid Growth Area Transit Program. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to offer a commonsense, fiscally responsible amendment that will en-sure scarce transportation dollars are going towards highways, bridges, and other critical infrastructure that are in desperate need of repair. 
The Obama administration’s budget 
request for the fiscal year 2016 included $500 million for a new discretionary grant program for bus transit. The ad-ministration made the same new re-quest in fiscal year 2015 for this same misguided program. This request was rejected in its entirety last year, and the proposed rapid growth area transit program received no funding in the CR/ Omnibus. With significant infrastruc-ture needs, including road and bridge maintenance, now is not the time to spend $500 million on a new discre-tionary bus transit program. 
In fact, the Obama administration 
actually proposed two new programs this year that sought funding from the highway trust fund, both of which asked for $500 million for each. The committee made clear in the com-mittee report that they chose to fund the new $500 million Fixing and Accel-erating Surface Transportation, or FAST, program in this bill. If I had to fund only one of these two new pro-grams, that is exactly the one I would 
have funded. 
So I applaud the chairman, ranking 
member, and committee for the choice they made, and also for apparently choosing not to fund the proposed rapid growth area transit program once again in this legislation. 
Having said that, there are no de-
tailed summaries of the particular pro-gram accounts because authorizing language has not yet been passed. In addition, nothing is said about the pro-posed $500 million new discretionary bus transit program in the bill or the committee report. My amendment is also necessary to prevent funds from being transferred to this account. 
A recent economic analysis found: 
‘‘Over the past few decades lawmakers have diverted more trust fund re-sources . . . thus starving general pur-pose roads of funds,’’ and, ‘‘Transit—in-cluding light rail, trolleys, and buses— marks the largest diversion. In 2010 alone, it received 17 percent, or $6 bil-lion, of Federal highway user fees, even though it accounted for only 1 percent of the Nation’s surface travel. Despite receiving a portion of Federal user fees for decades, transit has failed to reduce traffic congestion or even maintain its share of urban travel. For example, be-tween 1983 and 2010, traffic volumes in the Nation’s 51 major metropolitan areas increased by 87 percent, peak travel times in those areas increased by 125 percent, and transit’s share of passenger miles fell by one-fourth.’’ 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
this amendment. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. GOSAR. I yield to the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I just want to once 
again repeat what I said a little while ago. I want to thank the gentleman for his hard work. It is evident that he spends the time and he does his home-work. I am greatly appreciative of that. I have no objection to the gentle-man’s amendment. 
Mr. GOSAR. I thank the gentleman 
for his support. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . LEE 
Ms. LEE. I have an amendment at 
the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. llll . None of the funds made avail-
able in this Act may be used to administer, implement, or enforce section 193 or section 414 of this Act. 
Ms. LEE (during the reading). Mr. 
Chair, I ask unanimous consent that the reading to be dispensed with. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentlewoman from California? There was no objection. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentlewoman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from California. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, I want to 
thank Mr. S
ANFORD for his leadership 
as it relates to this amendment and helping us try to end these outdated and failed policies toward Cuba. I rise in support of our amendment, and I am very proud to cosponsor this simple, bi-partisan amendment. This amendment would strike two provisions included in this bill that would further limit travel to and from Cuba via flights and fer-ries. Not only are these provisions in-appropriate policy riders, they would deny Americans the right to travel to Cuba. 
I understand some of my colleagues, 
including our subcommittee chair, have a personal interest in Cuba, yet personal interest should not stall progress nor interfere with what is good for the American people. I am joined by many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle and a diverse co-alition of organizations and businesses in strong opposition to this and other attempts to undermine efforts to nor-malize relations with Cuba. 
Not only are the current provisions 
in this bill wrong for diplomacy, they are patently antibusiness. That is why this amendment is supported by the United States Chamber of Commerce, Orbitz, the American Society of Travel Agents, and the broad-based coalition Engage Cuba. 
These provisions that are currently 
in the bill set us back 50 years. They would eliminate flights that airlines have already invested in and would kill a new market for maritime carriers. Simply put, these provisions are an af-front to Americans’ basic freedom. Cuba is the only country in the world, including North Korea, Iran, China, and Vietnam, where Americans cannot freely travel. The President’s an-nouncement to expand travel was a step in the right direction. 
We should be passing the bipartisan 
and bicameral Freedom to Travel to Cuba Act, H.R. 664, which I am proud to cosponsor with my colleague Mr. S
AN-
FORD , rather than moving backwards 
with these misguided provisions. 
Opponents to normalize the relations 
are quick to claim that renewed en-gagement somehow rewards the Cuban Government. That couldn’t be more wrong. In order to engage on issues like human rights and democracy, Americans should be able to do just that. This amendment allows that. 
Those who are serious about moving 
our relations forward to the better-ment of both Americans and Cubans know that increased exchange and for-malized relations are the path we need to be on. A majority of Americans and Cubans agree: we need a 21st century approach to our relations with this na-tion 90 miles away from our shores. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04JN7.016 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3889 June 4, 2015 
This is 2015, my colleagues, not 1960. 
The rest of the world is doing business with Cuba, allows its citizens to travel to Cuba, and also has normal diplo-matic relations with Cuba. The United States is isolated. This amendment be-gins to thaw that freeze and to keep our country moving forward in this next decade and, further, to become part of the world family who under-stands that Americans should, like other citizens in other countries, have a right to travel wherever they so de-sire. 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman 
from South Carolina (Mr. S
ANFORD ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
has 11⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I intend to strike the last word so as to give the speakers more time. 
Ms. LEE. I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the 
gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
ANFORD ). 
Mr. SANFORD. I appreciate the gen-
tlewoman yielding me this time. 
Mr. Chairman, my comments will be 
brief. It is quite simple. The concept is this: if I travel on Delta Airlines to Moscow, it does not mean that I sup-port Putin; if I travel on Royal Carib-bean to Shanghai, it does not mean I 
support the Chinese regime. 
This bill is fundamentally, as my col-
league from California has pointed out, about Americans’ right to travel. It is, secondarily, about something we talk about as Republicans, which is balance of power. If we don’t want the Presi-dent overstepping his bounds, we shouldn’t overstep our bounds as Mem-bers of Congress. That is precisely what this bill does in trying to pro-scribe the President, though he has full authority within the licensing, within the Department of Commerce, to do as he has done. 
Finally, I think it is about American 
opportunity. Why should we have Ca-nadian or Mexican jets traveling to a country that we are allowed to travel to rather than American jets? 
Ms. LEE. I reserve the balance of my 
time. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, 
just a couple things from the debate that we have heard. The sponsor of the amendment talked about that this may be a personal issue for some. Mr. Chair-man, let me be very frank and very clear: this is not a personal issue. 
Let me also talk about what the lan-
guage in the bill does that this amend-ment is trying to take out. It doesn’t deal with the overriding issue of policy versus whether we like the President’s policy or not. It deals with one specific issue and one specific issue only, Mr. Chairman: whether we should condone, whether we should approve, whether we should permit the trafficking of con-fiscated—in other words, stolen—prop-erty. When the gentleman from my side of 
the aisle said that, you know, this is an issue about traveling to other coun-tries, when we travel to Russia, we 
should be able to do that, that is fine. But is he also saying, which is what this amendment says, that we should condone the use of stolen, confiscated property, property that was stolen and confiscated illegally from Americans? So if you support this amendment, Mr. Chairman, what you are saying is it is okay to do business on property that was stolen from Americans. 
Now, I can understand having dif-
ferences of opinion on overall policy, but the language in the mark deals spe-cifically with confiscated—in other words, stolen—properties from Ameri-cans. For the life of me, I would never understand how anybody can justify doing business on confiscated, stolen property and then try to obfuscate the issue talking about policy, which is not what is in the mark. 
I yield such time as she may consume 
to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ), a distinguished gentle-
woman from the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. I thank the 
chairman for yielding. 
As the chairman points out, do we 
really want to trample on the property rights of innocent Americans whose properties were illegally stolen by the Cuban regime? 
The gentleman from South Carolina 
is correct, the concept is simple, but the concept he doesn’t seem to under-stand is this: it is not about travel to Cuba. This is about protecting Amer-ican properties that were illegally seized by the Castro government. We are selling out these legitimate prop-erty claims to thousands of American citizens. Respect for private property rights, Mr. Chairman, has been a con-sistent American policy since the founding of our Republic. 
The Cuban regime illegally con-
fiscated property from American citi-zens. Our citizens have not been com-pensated, and we know there is no re-spect for the rule of law in Cuba. If an American’s property has been seized, what does that American do? Well, there is no fair court for recess. Let me tell you what the Inter-American Law Review has noted about the Cuban re-gime’s confiscation of U.S. assets. It says it is the ‘‘largest uncompensated taking of American property by a for-eign government in history.’’ 
So this is what this amendment is 
about. If this amendment to strike the use of confiscated property were to pass, we would be, in essence, allowing and condoning the trafficking of stolen goods. Currently, there are over 8,800 claims certified by the Foreign Claims Settlement Commission, which is under the U.S. Department of Justice. American citizens whose properties were seized illegally—almost 9,000 have filed claims—the Castro regime doesn’t care. These certified claims, are they just small? No. They are worth ap-proximately $8 billion. This body must protect the interests 
of those citizens, of all of our citizens, so I implore our colleagues to not sup-port these misguided attempts to nor-malize relations with the Cuban regime on the backs of American citizens. We are better than that. We must not allow this amendment to pass. We are about protecting American private property rights. This language in the bill protects American citizens, con-stituents that we represent in our con-gressional districts. 
Is this Chamber really going to side 
with a Communist tyrant in Cuba over American citizens? The Cuban regime should not be allowed to use American properties stolen from our citizens for its commercial benefit. If the U.S. en-dorses such a practice, what message will we be sending to other rogue re-gimes who would love to be confis-cating American properties? 
So, if we want to help the Cuban peo-
ple, and I am sure that all of us do, let’s not give their oppressors more re-sources to violate their rights. We are here to protect private property rights of American citizens. We must reject this amendment, and rather than strik-ing the provisions directly, which my colleagues could have done, they are offering limitation amendments that would prohibit funds to enforce those same provisions. Let’s not do this. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose this 
amendment. Let’s not trample on the rights of American citizens. 
b1015 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield the 
balance of my time to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
ANFORD ). 
Mr. SANFORD. Three quick points. If 
you follow this logic, then no American plane should fly into Saigon, no Amer-ican plane should fly into China, no American plane should fly into Russia, because indeed property was con-fiscated at the time of the Russian rev-olution, the Chinese taking, or, for that matter, what happened in Viet-nam. There are American properties there. 
This is not about American property 
rights. This is about legalistically try-ing to undo that which has been changed. 
The other thing it is about is, again, 
legalism. What the bill actually says is if a boat docks in the previous 180 days within 7 miles of a port or property where there may be land somewhere connected. 
This is a legalistic attempt to undo 
what the President has proposed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentlewoman from California has ex-pired. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I move to strike the last word. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I move to strike the last 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04JN7.021 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3890 June 4, 2015 
word in order to express my strong sup-
port for this amendment and my appre-ciation to our colleague from Cali-fornia for offering it. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gen-
tleman from California (Mr. F
ARR). 
Mr. FARR. I thank the gentleman for 
yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, this is the bill, and 
the language that we are trying to strike out reads: ‘‘None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to facilitate new scheduled air trans-portation originating from the United States if such flights would land on, or pass through, property confiscated by the Cuban Government, including prop-erty in which a minority interest was confiscated, as the terms confiscated, the Cuban Government, and property are defined in’’ the paragraphs below. 
This is just a job killer for Ameri-
cans. We have a hundred thousand Americans who are visiting Cuba ille-gally. You know how they get there? They go to Mexico. Who gets the busi-ness? Mexican airlines. They go to Can-ada. Who gets the business? Canadian airlines. Or, any other country in the world that has normal travel relation-ships with Cuba. 
You are just cutting off the ability 
for American enterprise to get access to Cuba, where everybody wants to go, because there are family feuds going on here, because it is including property which has a minority interest. 
How are the airlines, how are the 
people going to decide what property has been confiscated, who is the owner-ship title? Those are big legalistic problems in the United States when we confiscate property to build freeways or railways. 
This amendment really screws up the 
ability for America to be involved in a business that Americans want to do. They want to travel. Censorship of American travel—this is just ridiculous in these days. 
What is the message to the world? Do 
we prohibit our citizens from going to countries that are communist coun-tries? You can go to Vietnam, China, and Russia, but you can’t go to Cuba because there is a lot of feuding going on in Florida. 
In fact, Florida is going to benefit 
from this because where are the air-ports that these scheduled airlines are going to leave from? They are Tampa, they are Miami, the businesses in your State. 
So if you want to give American jobs 
to Americans, and you want commerce to occur, and you don’t want to con-tinue this censorship of Cuba, then vote for this amendment. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I yield 
to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE). 
Ms. LEE. A couple of points I would 
just like to make. 
First of all, confiscated property 50 
years-plus ago should be part of nego-tiations in terms of bilateral discus-sions as it relates to normalizing rela-tions with Cuba. What is in this bill right now is what we have indicated, 
and which is why we offer this amend-ment. 
This bill prohibits Americans from 
traveling to Cuba. It eliminates jobs in America, and it eliminates economic growth through our maritime industry and our airline industry. 
Once again, all of the issues that oc-
curred 50 years ago are subject to dis-cussion based on any bilateral negotia-tions taking place. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Could I 
inquire how much time is remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE) has 45 
seconds remaining. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I yield 
to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
ANFORD ). 
Mr. SANFORD. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
I would just make three last points. 
As was correctly pointed out by my colleague from California, indeed this is about American jobs. It indeed is about, again, this larger notion of pri-vate property rights. 
I would stand my private property 
rights record up to anybody. I believe strongly in private property rights and legal code, which is why Ms. L
EEis cor-
rect: should there be bilateral relations between Cuba and the United States, this would be part of that discussion. 
But the idea of creating a legal hur-
dle for an airline not to be able to fly from Miami or Tampa to Havana—and instead, those jobs go to other places around the globe—makes no sense to me. 
Finally, I would simply say this. We 
have tried 50 years of one policy, and it hasn’t worked. It was Ronald Reagan who encouraged travel to the Eastern Bloc countries. I think it would make sense in this instance. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman from North Carolina has ex-pired. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
move to strike the last word. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, 
we have heard a lot of things that, by the way, you will notice, at very few times actually deal with language in the mark, the language in the bill. By the way, for example, that this is going to hurt American jobs. 
To argue, Mr. Chairman, that Amer-
ican companies will benefit from traf-ficking in stolen property that was sto-len from American companies I think is probably the definition of an oxymoron, number one. 
Number two, there is a lot of obfusca-
tion. The language in the bill doesn’t say that Americans can’t travel. The language says that they cannot use trafficking in, make a profit from, property that was stolen from Ameri-cans. Stolen from Americans. 
So I understand that the gentleman 
says that his property rights record is as good as any, but, Mr. Chairman, the language in the bill deals with a spe-
cific issue, and one specific issue alone: Should we condone, should we allow, 
should we permit, should we encourage the trafficking, the profiting from sto-len property—property that was con-fiscated from Americans, whether there are certified claims or not. 
If you support this amendment, Mr. 
Chairman, you are saying it is okay for folks to traffic in property that was stolen from Americans, illegally stolen from Americans. I think, frankly, that is a sad day. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gen-
tleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ). 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. I thank the 
chairman for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, it is fascinating to 
come here to the floor and listen to colleagues who struggle to support free trade agreements with our allies come to the floor and advocate for expanded trade with one of our enemies, taking advantage of properties stolen from American citizens. 
I heard that we have a personal inter-
est in this matter—and I do. I am an American citizen. I was born here. And I want to do justice by American prop-erty owners. 
Shouldn’t we resolve these 8,818 
claims before proceeding? Shouldn’t we do justice by these families, these busi-nesses whose property was stolen with no due process, with no hearing by the Castro government? 
Whose side are we on, Mr. Chairman? 
That is the question here. As Ameri-cans, do we want to be on the side of those who were aggrieved by a tyran-nical regime—American citizens—or do we want to reward that regime by al-lowing others now to profit over those stolen properties? That is the question that we need to ask ourselves today. 
This is not about travel. No one is 
here advocating for restricting travel to Cuba. Many people travel to Cuba today legally, and that would not change. But I cannot stand for vio-lating the property rights of my fellow American citizens. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, 
again, before I yield back, as Mr. C
URBELO just mentioned, this is not an 
issue of travel. This is not an issue of the overriding policy. This is not an issue of even arguing whether Presi-dent Obama has been a good negotiator or a horrible negotiator on anything. This is about whether we want to con-done, permit, accept, in violation of ev-erything that the United States stands for, the trafficking of stolen property, property illegally confiscated from American citizens. 
If you support this amendment, Mr. 
Chairman, you are supporting, you are condoning, you are assisting, you are helping trafficking and the profiting on property that was stolen from Ameri-cans. 
This cannot stand. This should not 
stand. I would respectfully ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04JN7.022 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3891 June 4, 2015 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POSEY  
Mr. POSEY. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. 416. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Transportation to take any actions with respect to the financing of a new passenger rail project that runs from Orlando to Miami through Indian River County, Florida. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. POSEY. Mr. Chairman, All 
Aboard Florida was presented as a pri-vate passenger rail project that would run from Miami to Orlando, and vice versa, along Florida’s east coast. 
The project was initially sold to the 
public as the first privately funded and operated passenger train. However, that story soon changed, as All Aboard Florida decided to pursue a $1.6 billion loan from the Department of Transpor-tation. Apparently, because the loan requires a strict Environmental Impact 
Statement to be completed, All Aboard Florida decided to also apply for $1.75 billion in tax-exempt private activity bonds from the Department of Trans-portation. 
b1030 
The U.S. Department of Transpor-
tation has moved to green light this fi-nancing option, even though they have absolutely no statutory authority to do that, and the environmental impact study has yet to be completed. We don’t even know if the project is safe or feasible yet. 
Furthermore, these trains will move 
through our small beach towns at speeds of up to 110 miles per hour, with virtually no—none, nada—buffer sepa-rating it from our communities. 
All Aboard Florida envisions 32 
trains running per day, on top of 20 freight trains. That is a lot of traffic. Given how close this track is to our ad-jacent roads and surrounding neighbor-hoods, obviously, there are serious safety concerns. Why should you ask taxpayers to be on the hook for this train? 
I ask my colleagues to join me in 
supporting my amendment to stop the Department of Transportation from funding this train. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield to my colleague from Florida (Ms. B
ROWN ). 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, here we go again, trying to de-stroy passenger rail in this country. I don’t understand why Republicans refuse to support transportation infra-structure. 
Let me tell the gentleman from Flor-
ida that our competition is not Geor-gia, and it is certainly not Alabama. It is Europe. It is Japan. It is China. The people in Florida support All Aboard Florida. This is a system that will go from Orlando to Miami. The studies in-dicate it is an economic boom to our State. 
I just for the life of me don’t under-
stand why, without vision, the people perish? Why is it that you can go to Europe and you can get on a train to go from London to Paris—2 hours, 1 hour and 15 minutes—and we don’t want that same system here? 
Our competition is spending close to 
8 percent—8 percent—of their econom-ics for passenger rail, and we fight about 1 percent; yet we can spend close to $300 billion for tax breaks; yet we don’t even want to encourage public- private partnerships. 
Shame on you. The people in Florida 
need to be able to move around our State, and this is not just a Florida issue; it is a national issue. Here we are, $2 billion that could fix Amtrak; yet we can do a tax break for close to $300 billion and don’t pay for it. I don’t understand. 
What is wrong with the people’s 
House? Why is it that we don’t support transportation infrastructure? This is not just a Florida issue. When we had 9/ 11, Amtrak was the only entity that was moving people. When we had Katrina, we had over 3,000 people die because they couldn’t move around the area. 
We need a train that leaves New Orle-
ans to go to Orlando and on down to Miami. That is the future. 
Shame on you. The Acting CHAIR. Members are ad-
vised to address their remarks to the Chair and not to other Members in the second person. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. POSEY. Mr. Chairman, shame on 
me for asking the Department of Transportation to follow the law, re-spect the Constitution of the United States, and make economically sound decisions. 
This is not a partisan issue, in re-
sponse to that allegation. In Sep-tember, I wrote the GAO, along with my colleague from Florida, Represent-ative P
ATRICK MURPHY , asking them to 
study the project to ensure taxpayer funds were not at risk. 
A recent independent economic anal-
ysis conducted by Dr. John Friedman concludes that, even under all opti-mistic assumptions, AAF will generate 
losses of more than $100 million and will be unable to service its debt bur-den. Dr. Friedman has a Ph.D in eco-nomics, is a distinguished Brown Uni-versity professor and former Economic Council special assistant in the current Obama administration. 
The Department of Transportation 
has been unable to explain where they get their authority to authorize bonds for this project. That is because they don’t have any authority. They say title 23 funding has been given to the project in the past, which could trigger the bond authority, but have been un-able to state where title 23 funds were ever spent, on what projects, and when. 
This is just common sense. Now, it 
might not make some congressional sense to some people, but this is com-mon sense and a simple ask that the Department of Transportation follow the law and not violate the law to help a special interest and put the tax-payers on the hook for $1.75 billion. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in 
supporting this amendment, Mr. Chair-man. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. P
OSEY ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. POSEY. Mr. Chairman, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GALLEGO  
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
title, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of these funds made avail-
able by this Act may be used by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) to redesign the Phoenix Metroplex regional airspace. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
to offer an amendment that would pre-vent the FAA from moving forward with plans to redesign the Phoenix metroplex airspace. Let me explain why it is important to my city. 
Imagine living in a quiet neighbor-
hood, then waking up one morning to discover dozen of planes suddenly have been roaring over your head. Next, imagine the frustration of running a business, raising a family, or even try-ing to get a good night’s sleep when your windows are constantly rattling because of the noise of passing aircraft. 
Finally, imagine that all of this dis-
comfort was both needless and avoid-able, that it was caused by out-of- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04JN7.024 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3892 June 4, 2015 
touch bureaucrats who rerouted major 
flight paths over your community without bothering to consult the peo-ple that live there. 
Unfortunately, for thousands of 
Phoenix residents, this is not a hypo-thetical situation. In September of last year, the FAA instituted new flight paths for the aircraft departing from Phoenix Sky Harbor International Air-port, without any notice for anybody, without any notice to our neighbors. For too many members of my commu-nity, these changes have meant more noise and a lower quality of life. 
Disturbingly, the FAA altered these 
flight paths without seeking local input, failing to consult with the com-munity members or civic leaders in the Phoenix area. Not only that, but the FAA also failed to provide a report that was mandated by the previous Congress on Sky Harbor on last year’s FAA bill about how it planned to do and change with the patterns. It is now more than 2 months overdue, with no response yet from the FAA. 
Mr. Chairman, this isn’t how our gov-
ernment is supposed to run, and this is not how the FAA is supposed to oper-ate. 
I yield the balance of my time to the 
gentleman from Arizona. 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank Representative G
ALLEGO . I ap-
preciate that. 
Let’s put some facts around this. 
Phoenix Sky Harbor International Air-port is the tenth busiest airport in the United States, but we have something that is a little unique—and think about this because this is coming to your neighborhood, too. 
We actually have a downtown air-
port. Our city grew up around an air-port, so it makes traffic patterns and the mechanics dealing with it quite unique. Also, our big county has about 4.2 million people in it. It is either the third or fourth most populous county in the United States—so a huge popu-lation. Remember, Arizona has been at-tributed as the most urbanized State in the country. 
I have a downtown airport, and then 
the FAA goes and starts to change the flight patterns. When it becomes one of the biggest issues at all of our congres-sional offices, they are arrogant; they don’t return calls. We point out the fact that they are violating last year’s law, and they just grin at you and then walk out of the meetings with this sort of arrogant vanity. 
This is the process we, as Members— 
and remember, there are seven congres-sional districts that touch this Phoenix metroplex area that all care about this. This is our opportunity to at least get our voices heard. 
I am going to ask the chairman, 
please consider what is happening to 4.2 million people in the Phoenix area. The fact of the matter is there is well- established corridors where you don’t have to have the effects on the neigh-borhoods, and we can still be moving to the NextGen if I could find someone at the FAA who would actually listen to 
our concerns. 
Just to finish, this amendment is 
very straightforward. It would just simply ensure the FAA does not pro-ceed with the redesign of the regional airspace around Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport until these issues are resolved in the local neighbor-hoods. 
Experts tell us that if the flight 
paths in Phoenix are eventually al-tered, then the entire metroplex air-space will also need to be revisited. By asking them to slow down, consider the overall effect of what is happening now, we are actually going to do them a favor by not having them to revisit it later on. 
Instead of rushing forward, the FAA 
should do the prudent thing and wait until our communities’ concerns have been fully addressed. 
In closing, let me just offer a word of 
warning. For those of you who think this is exclusively a Phoenix problem, just wait because your city could be next, and then you will be dealing ex-actly with the same FAA relationship that we are dealing with right now, someone who is not responsive to the concerns of both the local politicians, the Members of Congress, and the citi-zens. 
Mr. GALLEGO. I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. JOYCE. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. JOYCE. Mr. Chairman, I would 
be concerned about the unintended consequences of the amendment. We don’t know all the potential impacts of this amendment, from safety to capac-ity to local economics. 
While I sympathize with both these 
gentlemen and I pledged to work with the gentleman and his community and the FAA to find a resolution, we have made an effort in this bill not to legis-latively direct specific flight restric-tions on flight paths. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Will 
the gentleman yield? 
Mr. JOYCE. I yield to the gentleman 
from North Carolina. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I 
thank the gentleman for yielding. I simply want to add—or to reiterate, I might say—that our subcommittee’s fiscal year ’15 report required the FAA to work with the Phoenix community on this issue and to report back to the committee on these efforts. We are still waiting for that report. 
Again, let me reiterate what I said 
earlier. The FAA must be more proactive in responding to concerns that are raised by communities. These are legitimate concerns, and the FAA needs to be accountable. 
Mr. JOYCE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SESSIONS  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
title, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 416. None of the funds made available 
by this Act shall be used to support Am-trak’s route with the highest loss, measured by contributions/(Loss) per Rider, as based on the National Railroad Passenger Corpora-tion Fiscal Years 2014-2018 Five Year Plan from April 2014. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
b1045 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Chairman, my 
amendment is very straightforward. It would eliminate funding for the abso-lute worst performing line at Amtrak, the Sunset Limited, which runs from New Orleans to Los Angeles. 
The Amtrak Reform and Account-
ability Act of 1997 required that Am-trak operate without any Federal oper-ating assistance after 2002. I have since then offered this amendment each year. 
Amtrak was supposed to be free of 
Federal operating subsidy; yet despite this commonsense requirement that Amtrak cease their fiscal irrespon-sibility and mismanagement, instead, they turned to continuing this line that costs the taxpayers $405.67 for every single ticket that is bought, for every single trip. That is $405.67 to sub-sidize the travels of passengers from New Orleans to Los Angeles, a trip that takes nearly 48 hours, assuming the train is on time. 
I believe this is exceedingly unlikely 
also because it has a terrible record of being on time. According to Amtrak’s most recent monthly performance re-port, the Sunset Limited was only on time 42 percent of the time; yet 100 per-cent of the $405 was paid for the ticket. 
This places the Sunset Limited as 
one of the top 10 worst ontime routes for any of Amtrak’s routes in its latest performance report. 
Perhaps, Mr. Chairman, taxpayers 
should be happy when the train is not running, but not running on time, and the cost to the taxpayer is prohibitive. Why does it run this route when Am-trak loses an average of $41 million a year? 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment is 
simply to help Amtrak make the tough decisions that they appear to be in-capable of doing themselves. I think it is the first step to instilling a small measure of fiscal discipline in Amtrak. Failure to do so will only continue Am-trak along this process rather them being a north-south provider on both coasts. 
I hope my colleagues will join me. 
Certainly, I know they are taxpayer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04JN7.028 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3893 June 4, 2015 
advocates that believe as I do. I urge 
all my colleagues to support this amendment and the underlying legisla-tion. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. Our colleague from Texas has offered amendments like this in the past, an attempt to micromanage Amtrak from the floor of the House. I don’t think it is a good idea. 
We had a vigorous debate last night 
on the importance of investing in inner city passenger rail. Of course, he will get no quarrel from me or other col-leagues, I suspect, in arguing for im-proved service and arguing for making the service more attractive. 
What we are dealing with here—and 
have been through this whole debate— is a number of colleagues who simply want to defund passenger rail in this country, overlooking the fact that every mode of transportation is sub-sidized to some degree and that the na-tional interest requires diverse modes of transportation. 
Colleagues seem intent on singling 
out passenger rail for elimination, and we have had amendments offered to this bill that would do just that. 
This one is more about micromanage-
ment. It is more about a specific route, the Sunset Limited. This would elimi-nate the Sunset Limited’s long-dis-tance route. It serves communities along the southern tier of the United States. Actually, it serves more than 300,000 passengers annually in five States: Louisiana, Arizona, Texas, New Mexico, and California. 
It is no way to run a railroad, if I 
might say so, and I urge rejection of the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Chairman, that 
is 300,000 times $405.67 for every single ticket. 
I am not trying to micromanage, nor 
am I trying to kill Amtrak. I vote for Amtrak; I am for Amtrak, but they also want more and more and need more and more resources to help in their north-south line in the East Coast and the West Coast. 
What they are doing is bleeding off 
their hard-earned money, using the subsidy rather than doing what their original mission should be. 
Mr. Chair, I think I support all of 
Amtrak, and I am for it. This is not micromanaging. It is showing them the obvious things which they need to ac-complish. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. S
ESSIONS ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be post-poned. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . MAXINE WATERS  
OF CALIFORNIA  
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to carry out section 210 of this Act with respect to the Housing Authority of the county of Los Angeles, Cali-fornia. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentlewoman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from California. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amend-ment that removes the exemption that the Housing Authority of the County of Los Angeles currently has from the re-quirement to have a resident of public housing or Section 8 on its governing board. 
I am offering this amendment be-
cause I have learned that HACoLA is not in compliance with requirements outlined in this exemption, which has directly resulted in a lack of meaning-ful engagement by residents of the housing authority on important policy issues affecting the effectiveness of the programs that it administers. 
In 1998, Congress passed a law requir-
ing that the governing body of a public housing authority must include at least one member who is directly as-sisted by the housing authority. This provision was an important recognition of the need for the perspective and par-ticipation of tenants in the governance of public housing authorities. It is as simple as that. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask for an ‘‘aye’’ 
vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE  
WATERS ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SESSIONS  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
title, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 416. None of the funds made available 
by this Act shall be used to support any Am-trak route whose costs exceed 2 times its revenues, as based on the National Railroad Passenger Corporation Fiscal Years 2014–2018 Five Year Plan from April 2014. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Chairman, once 
again, I stand in trying to help Amtrak to effectively manage its system by taking away those routes that are cost prohibitive. 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment would 
eliminate funding for Amtrak’s long- distance routes, which have total di-rect costs that are more than twice the revenue that they generate. Every sin-gle long-distance route that Amtrak provides—those of over 400 miles in length—operates at a loss every month. Eleven routes cost double the amount of revenue they create. 
Oh, by the way, Mr. Chair—and this 
is true since 1997 when I came to Con-gress—these routes are ineffective and waste valuable taxpayer money, as well as money that could be used in the sys-tem for highly used routes for the safe-ty and security of their passengers on north-south routes. 
Some argue that many travelers can-
not afford to fly and they need a less expensive travel alternative. However, for most of these routes, bus tickets and plane tickets are less expensive, more efficient, and more frequently on time. 
Combined, these 11 routes cost the 
American taxpayer about $500 million in fiscal year 2014 alone. Four lines cost over $50 million each. I think it is clear that government-subsidized rail service on Amtrak does not make eco-nomic sense if they have enough money to bleed off $500 million with routes that cost twice in expense what they generate in revenue, so I am offering this amendment again. 
I urge all of my colleagues to support 
this amendment and the underlying legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment offered by our friend from Texas. This amendment outdoes his last one. 
We are now talking about elimi-
nating nine routes, with a total rider-ship of over 2 million people: the Car-dinal and Capitol Limited routes from D.C. to Chicago, through West Vir-ginia, Pennsylvania, Kentucky, Ohio, Indiana; the Southern Crescent, New York City to New Orleans; the Coast Starlight, along the coast of California, Oregon, and Washington. 
To elaborate further on our opposi-
tion, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER ). 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. I appreciate the 
gentleman’s courtesy. I appreciate him referencing the Coast Starlight. 
This is a self-fulfilling prophecy. 
Congress has created a difficult situa-tion for Amtrak, consistently short-changing maintenance and capital. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04JN7.031 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3894 June 4, 2015 
As my good friend from North Caro-
lina points out, all modes of transpor-tation in this country are subsidized by the public. Amtrak is no exception. It provides a variety of services for peo-ple. 
We are watching on the West Coast 
ridership increase. It provides an im-portant opportunity for businesspeople. If you talk to businesspeople in Se-attle, in Portland, they would say they would like the Federal Government to invest more. It has made a big dif-ference for how they conduct business. 
Part of the strength is having a net-
work. Make no mistake, we are, in fact, going to have a passenger rail net-work in the United States, despite con-sistent efforts to chop away and mini-mize it. 
China, 6 years ago, had no high-speed 
rail. Today, they are moving more pas-sengers than the entire air fleet in the United States. We will have higher speed rail, but the question is whether we are going to build on what we have got—American built, American man-aged—or we will wait until it deterio-rates, gets so bad that we end up with a design-build to China, paying more, shipping the profits and the work over-seas. 
I would suggest it is far better to pro-
tect what we have now, build on the progress, not undo the network, and most certainly reject this amendment. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I 
thank the gentleman. 
I yield the balance of my time to the 
gentleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OYCE ). 
Mr. JOYCE. I oppose the gentleman’s 
amendment. This amendment has far- reaching implications, and it would shut down 9 of 15 long-distance routes. 
I do not believe that an appropria-
tions bill is the place to do this. This would need to be carefully debated and discussed by the committee of jurisdic-tion. 
For these reasons, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote 
on the amendment. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Chairman, look, 
I made a mistake. I came here from business. I came here as somebody that had to operate within the bounds of common sense and doing things that made sense with money and opportuni-ties. 
I will just say to you, Mr. Chairman, 
I am going to stay after this issue. I am all for Amtrak, but not when they continue to have routes that cost twice what the revenue is. 
This is what our airlines did for a 
long time. They provided service, and they went broke, and then we want to turn around and say we are going to subsidize the airlines. Marketplace ideas work, and that is why we are a capitalist country. 
I urge my colleagues to think over 
this commonsense amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
b1100 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. S
ESSIONS ). The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be post-poned. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SCHIFF  
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill, (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act shall be used to enforce section 47524 of title 49, United States Code, or part 161 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, with regard to noise or access restrictions or to enforce section 47107 of title 49, United States Code, with regard to access restric-tion on the operation of aircraft by the oper-ate of Bob Hope Airport in Burbank, California. 
Mr. SCHIFF (during the reading). Mr. 
Chair, I ask unanimous consent to dis-pense with the reading. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to urge my colleagues to support the amendment that I am offering along with my southern California col-league, Mr. S
HERMAN . 
The amendment would allow the Bur-
bank Bob Hope Airport to implement a nighttime curfew between 10 p.m. and 7 a.m. and restore local control to the community that has been denied to them for decades. 
Thousands of residents of southern 
California’s San Fernando Valley who live under the flight paths or near the terminals at the Bob Hope Airport en-dure the house-shaking noise of air traffic during the day and suffer the jarring interruption of their sleep that is caused by a roaring jet taking off or landing. 
I want to also distinguish this meas-
ure. I know my colleagues have heard some other curfew measures today, and without detracting from them, I want to point out that the facts of this one are quite different. This is, I think, a unique case in the case of Burbank air-port. 
When Congress passed the 1990 Air-
port Noise and Control Act, ANCA, it intended to permit airports to imple-ment noise restrictions if they met cer-tain requirements. At that time, Con-gress exempted several airports from the law’s requirements for FAA ap-proval of new noise rules if they had preexisting noise rules in effect to ad-dress local concerns. So airports were grandfathered in when ANCA was 
passed; but because of a mistake, Bob Hope Airport, which had a curfew in place, did not get grandfathered in. 
The Bob Hope Airport in Burbank 
was one of the first airports in the country, in fact, to impose a curfew and has a long history of curfews but, unfortunately, was not given the pro-tection of the grandfather provision of ANCA that several other similar air-ports received. This amendment would correct this inequity and put Bob Hope on the same footing as several other airports across the country that had curfews before ANCA’s passage. 
It doesn’t set a precedent in terms of 
other airports, and this would be uniquely confined to the situation in-volving Bob Hope. By correcting the omission of not allowing Bob Hope Air-port to implement on a permanent and mandatory basis curfew which it had, in effect, informally in the 1980s, we would return local control to the com-munity that has sought it for years. 
It is also important for my col-
leagues to understand the impact this will have on aviation in southern Cali-fornia. There will be no impact on com-
mercial flights—zero. Almost all com-mercial airlines already voluntarily abide by the voluntary curfew at Bob Hope, and the impact on general avia-tion will be limited to two nighttime landings. The impact, however, will be significant for people trying to get sleep that are disrupted by those small number of flights. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
to support this. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from southern California (Mr. S
HERMAN ), my colleague. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman for putting for-ward this amendment. 
Bob Hope is a local neighborhood air-
port. Only through a technicality was it denied a curfew. All the commercial carriers already adhere to that curfew. We have a handful of nighttime flights that could easily go through one of the larger airports in the Los Angeles area. 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment is a 
good balance between the needs for commercial aviation on the one hand and the need to sleep on the other. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I just 
want to make one final point. This amendment had bipartisan support last year. It came within just three or four votes of passage. Because of the unique situation facing the Burbank Airport, I would urge unique consideration of cor-recting the injustice when Bob Hope was not grandfathered as it should have been. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge support of the 
amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. S
CHIFF ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04JN7.035 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3895 June 4, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POSEY  
Mr. POSEY. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. 416. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Transportation to authorize exempt facil-ity bonds to finance passenger rail projects which do not use vehicles that are reason-ably expected to be capable of attaining a maximum speed in excess of 150 miles per hour between scheduled stops as defined in section 142 of title 26, United States Code. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. POSEY. Mr. Chairman, exempt 
facility bonds are special tax-exempt financing instruments designed to help raise funds for important infrastruc-ture projects like airports, waste man-agement facilities, highways, and other transportation needs. 
In fact our current law, 26 U.S.C. Sec-
tion 142, clearly lists 15 specific cat-egories of projects that can receive fi-nancing through the use of exempt fa-cility bonds. 
One area where the law restricts the 
ability of the Department of Transpor-tation to authorize exempt facility bonds is to finance passenger rail, which it limits to high-speed rail that can reasonably attain the speed of 150 miles per hour between stops. Yet the Department of Transportation has de-cided to ignore the law and authorize bonds for projects that clearly do not qualify. 
Whatever views Members have on 
passenger rail, my amendment would simply ensure that the Department of Transportation follows the law in au-thorizing the use of tax-exempt bonds, and I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. All in Florida re-
ceived a private activity bond alloca-tion to issue these bonds. There is no provision in this particular section of U.S. Code that requires a passenger rail project to achieve 150 miles per hour. This amendment would prevent DOT from taking any potential further steps on this very, very important project. If for some reason, let’s say the project needed a small extension, DOT could not process it. 
Now, the passenger rail line that 
would link Miami to Orlando, frankly, is an important project to the State of 
Florida and one that I fully support, Mr. Chairman. We have to remember it is being done by the private sector. So I don’t think that we should be looking at creating any unnecessary restric-tions, any barriers or uncertainty for this project as it moves forward. It is a project—potentially, I think, the first of its kind in the country—where you have the private sector assuming most, if not almost all, of the risk. You have the private sector who is going to be involved in it. The numbers can’t be made up, cooked or anything, because it is the private sector who is doing this and who will ultimately be held accountable by their shareholders. 
Mr. Chairman, I respectfully ask for 
a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. POSEY. Mr. Chairman, with all 
due respect, there is nothing in this amendment that adds any restrictive impediments whatsoever. It only re-quires that the Department of Trans-portation follow the law when they al-locate these funds. 
Although this is being called a pri-
vate project, the taxpayers will be on the hook for over $1.7 billion—that is $1.7 billion. So I think it is important in the interests of protecting our tax-payers, certainly, that we make sure the Department of Transportation fol-lows the law. 
If there weren’t a propensity already 
demonstrated not to follow the law, then I would not have to bother with this amendment. But it is clear there are some intentions to violate the pro-visions of the law and do things that they are not authorized to do. That is why I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment to bring accountability and protect taxpayers for $1.7 billion. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. P
OSEY ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BLUMENAUER  
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
title, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. The amount otherwise provided 
by this Act for necessary expenses for the ‘‘Department of Transportation, Office of the Secretary, Salaries and Expenses’’ is hereby reduced by $1. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Oregon and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Oregon. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chairman, 
my heart goes out to the chairman and ranking member for the task that they have been given. People have appro-priately condemned and opposed many of the provisions. As people dig into the bill, the more they see, the worse it looks: slashing TIGER grant funding, no funding for high-speed rail, cutting Amtrak, and overall reductions. No wonder it has drawn a veto threat. But it is definitely not the fault of the com-mittee. They have been given an im-possible task. They have been re-quested to finance the Federal Govern-ment’s transportation responsibilities in 2015 with 1993 dollars. 
Our country is falling apart while we 
are falling behind the rest of the world. We are of a generation when some of us can remember the United States hav-ing the finest infrastructure in the world. We had rail passenger service, airlines, superb highways and transit. Those days have long since passed. We are watching the deterioration of tran-sit. The squabbling here over Amtrak is really dealing with a failing system because it is a symptom of our inabil-ity to invest in the future—just one, but a very glaring symbol. 
Sadly, Mr. Chairman, in the 55 
months that my Republican friends have taken over Congress, we have not had a single hearing in the Ways and Means Committee, on which I serve, for our responsibility for funding transpor-tation. We have not increased the gas tax in 22 years. 
Mr. Chairman, in the last 6 months, 
six Republican States have raised the gas tax, and we can’t even have a hear-ing on a proposal that is supported by the U.S. Chamber, by the AFL–CIO, by the AAA, the truckers, contractors, transit, bicyclists, and everybody in between. As a result, we continue to limp along. 
What did we do late last month? We 
extended the transportation funding for the 33rd time on a short-term basis. What country ever became great build-ing its infrastructure 6 months at a time? We will be dealing with this in another 2 months. 
Mr. Chairman, I would suggest that 
we deal with this bill as best we do, be-cause it is not adequate. I am going to oppose it. But the bill is a symptom of the failure of my Republican col-leagues to face what other entities have done, including red Republican States. 
Why don’t we come back next week 
and put the Ways and Means Com-mittee to work for a week, inviting in the people who build, maintain, and use our infrastructure, listen to them, let the committee do its work, and come up with a proposal that will ade-quately fund our infrastructure? 
b1115 
Then we can have the authorizing 
committee not mess around with a cou-ple of months’ extension but get down 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04JN7.039 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3896 June 4, 2015 
to work to fashion a 6-year, com-
prehensive transportation bill that will put hundreds of thousands of people to work in communities all across the country, making them more livable, making our families safer, healthier, and more economically secure. 
We shouldn’t be caught in this trap 
of our own making. Let’s step up, in-vest in the future, and do our job. 
Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent 
to withdraw my amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Oregon? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment 
is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POSEY  
Mr. POSEY. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. 416. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Transportation to make a loan in an amount that exceeds $600,000,000 under title V of the Railroad Revitalization and Regu-latory Reform Act of 1976 (45 U.S.C. 821 et seq.). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. POSEY. Mr. Chairman, the Rail-
road Rehabilitation & Improvement Fi-nancing program, or RRIF program, provides direct loans and loan guaran-tees to finance the development of rail-road infrastructure. Under the pro-gram, the Federal Railroad Adminis-tration is authorized to provide direct loans and loan guarantees of up to $35 billion to finance development of rail-road infrastructure. 
Since 2002, the Federal Railroad Ad-
ministration has made 35 loans which demonstrate the importance of this program to our Nation’s railroads. No doubt about that. However, only five of these loans have ever met or exceeded $100 million. Two of those were to Am-trak. In fact, prior to this year, the largest RRIF loan ever made was to Amtrak in 2011 for $562 million. 
My amendment ensures funds are 
spent responsibly on viable railroad projects and taxpayer risk is mini-mized by limiting loan amounts to $600 million. 
I urge my colleagues to support my 
fiscally responsible amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chair, I 
claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, 
this amendment prohibits the Depart-ment of Transportation from making a Railroad Rehabilitation & Improve-ment Financing loan that exceeds $600 million, as the chairman said. Now, I know that $600 million, frank-
ly, is a lot of money, and it sounds like a lot of money because it is; but when we are dealing with financing of rail-road projects, it is just really not. This low loan ceiling is way too restrictive, and it would eliminate valuable projects, by the way, including some safety projects from being even consid-ered for a loan. It has really far-reach-ing effects, and it could impact, frank-ly, every railroad entity in America. For example, there are railroads that are using this RRIF loan for positive train control—for positive train con-trol. 
So, again, it is unduly restrictive. I 
think it could have some far-reaching, negative effects. So I would respect-fully ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote. I cannot sup-port this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gen-
tleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE). 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I thank the subcommittee chairman for yielding. 
I simply want to underscore his oppo-
sition to this amendment. It would block Amtrak’s loan request for $2.5 billion for new Acela high-speed train sets. This loan would make it possible to upgrade Amtrak’s best and most profitable service, but one that is se-verely stressed. 
We need to remind ourselves that the 
cars in which people died in Philadel-phia were 40 years old. We desperately need the kind of investment that this loan would make possible. As the chairman has stressed, this may turn out to be the way that we can fund positive train control. It may be the only way, given other limitations in the bill, other limitations in Amtrak funding. 
It would prevent loans that exceed 
$600 million for other purposes, includ-ing safety purposes. This is a very, very ill-advised amendment. I urge col-leagues to reject it. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. POSEY. Mr. Chairman, it has 
been said that this could be restrictive. Well, I just want to point out that never, ever before this year in the his-tory of this program have they ever loaned $600 million under this program, and so I don’t think it is unduly re-strictive. 
I mentioned discussing some other 
amendments, and I am staring down the barrel of taxpayers being on the hook for $1.7 billion on one program that clearly is not going to be able to repay the loan, so it is going to fall on the shoulders of the taxpayer. 
I think it is just common sense that 
we take this measure on behalf of our honest, hard-working taxpayers at home. They work hard and play by the rules. I think we should respect that. 
There are some people that just con-
sider the Federal Government to be a big pinata, and everybody is going to take their whack at it and get all the goodies and the candy and the money that falls out of it, but this money has 
got to be paid back some day. We are not going to do it. We are not going to be around here to do it. It is going to be paid back by our children, and I think we need to act responsibly and think about their future. 
I urge my colleagues to please sup-
port this commonsense amendment for better accountability in our govern-ment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. P
OSEY ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. POSEY. Mr. Chair, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida will be postponed. 
The Committee will rise informally. The Speaker pro tempore (Ms. R
OS- 
LEHTINEN ) assumed the chair. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE 
A message from the Senate by Ms. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate agreed to the following resolution: 
S. R ES. 191 
In the Senate of the United States, June 3, 
2015. 
Whereas Joseph Robinette ‘‘Beau’’ Biden, 
III, born in Wilmington, Delaware and a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania and Syracuse University law school, served our country as an attorney in the Depart-ment of Justice for seven years, including as-sisting the nation of Kosovo in rebuilding their criminal justice system; 
Whereas Beau Biden served his beloved 
State of Delaware for eight years as Attor-ney General; 
Whereas Beau Biden joined the Army in 
2003 at the age of 34, rose to the rank of major in the Delaware Army National Guard’s Judge Advocate General Corps, de-ployed to Iraq in 2008 and received the Bronze Star for his service; 
Whereas Beau Biden leaves behind a be-
loved wife, Hallie, and two children, Natalie and Hunter; 
Whereas Beau Biden was the eldest son of 
the former Senator from Delaware and cur-rent Vice President of the United States and President of the United States Senate, Jo-seph Robinette Biden, Jr.: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate has heard with 
profound sorrow and deep regret the an-nouncement of the untimely death of Joseph Robinette Biden, III. 
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate 
communicate this resolution to the House of Representatives and transmit an enrolled copy thereof to the family of the Vice Presi-dent of the United States. 
The message also announced that the 
Senate has agreed to without amend-ment a concurrent resolution of he House of the following title: 
H. Con. Res. 48. Concurrent resolution au-
thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Vietnam War. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Committee will resume its sitting. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Feb 19, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\H04JN5.REC H04JN5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3897 June 4, 2015 
TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND 
URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 
The Committee resumed its sitting. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. P OEof 
Texas). Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments on which further proceedings were postponed, in the fol-lowing order: 
Amendment by Mr. M
CCLINTOCK of 
California. 
Amendment by Mr. W ALBERG of 
Michigan. 
Amendment by Ms. E STY of Con-
necticut. 
Amendment by Mr. C ARTWRIGHT of 
Pennsylvania. 
Amendment by Mr. G ARRETT of New 
Jersey. 
Amendment by Mr. B ROOKS of Ala-
bama. 
Amendment by Mr. B ROOKS of Ala-
bama. 
Amendment by Mrs. C APPS of Cali-
fornia. 
Amendment by Ms. L EEof California. 
Amendment by Mr. S TIVERS of Ohio. 
The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes 
the time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MCCLINTOCK  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 166, noes 255, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 298] 
AYES—166 
Abraham 
Allen Amash Babin Barr Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Connolly Cook 
Cooper Crawford Culberson Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Hardy Harris Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (PA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance 
Latta Long Loudermilk Love 
MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger 
Poe (TX) Polis Pompeo Posey 
Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin 
Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (TX) Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Trott Upton Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westmoreland Williams Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) 
NOES—255 
Aderholt 
Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cole Comstock Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan 
Duckworth Duffy Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Gosar Graham Granger Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Israel Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kirkpatrick Knight Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted 
Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney Meng Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Richmond Rigell Rogers (KY) Ros-Lehtinen Rothfus Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. Sanchez, Loretta 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik 
Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Westerman Whitfield Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—11 
Adams 
Brady (TX) Conyers Doyle, Michael 
F. Jackson Lee 
Meeks Nugent Rice (NY) Smith (NJ) Stewart 
Wilson (FL) 
b1151 
Messrs. SHIMKUS, RODNEY DAVIS 
of Illinois, CALVERT, WEBER of Texas, Ms. SPEIER, Mr. CLEAVER, Mrs. LUMMIS, Mrs. NOEM, and Mr. STIVERS changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Messrs. PALAZZO, GOHMERT, and 
FARENTHOLD changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . WALBERG  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. P OEof 
Texas). The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ) on 
which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 235, noes 189, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 299] 
AYES—235 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck 
Bucshon Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis 
DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garrett 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04JN7.048 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3898 June 4, 2015 
Gibbs 
Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar 
Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer 
Lummis Marchant Marino McCarthy 
McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross 
Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stivers 
Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—189 
Aguilar 
Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Burgess Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings 
Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer 
Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley 
McNerney Meeks Meng Mica Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel 
Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) 
Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) 
NOT VOTING—8 
Adams Brady (TX) Conyers Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Jackson Lee Massie 
Nugent Stewart 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1157 
Messrs. MULLIN, RICE of South 
Carolina, and BOST changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 299 
I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . ESTY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. Members are re-
minded that the 2-minute voting limit will be strictly enforced. This is a 2- minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and a result was announced. The vote was subsequently vacated by order of the Committee, and the amendment was disposed of by rollcall No. 308. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chair, on rollcall 
No. 300, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . CARTWRIGHT  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 176, noes 247, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 301] 
AYES—176 
Aguilar 
Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego 
Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke 
Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel 
Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Yarmuth 
NOES—247 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany 
Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) 
Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN7.018 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3899 June 4, 2015 
Diaz-Balart 
Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick 
Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lawrence Lewis Lipinski Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nolan Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby 
Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam 
Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—9 
Adams 
Brady (TX) Doyle, Michael 
F. Gutie´rrez 
Jackson Lee Noem Nugent Rokita 
Stewart 
b1203 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated against: Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 301, 
had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chair, on June 
4, 2015 I inadvertently voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 301. I would like to state that I intended to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GARRETT  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. G
AR-
RETT ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 160, noes 266, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 302] 
AYES—160 
Abraham 
Allen Amash Ashford Babin Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Emmer (MN) Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garrett Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) 
Griffith Grothman Guinta Hanna Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kind Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Lamborn Lance Latta Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCaul McClintock McKinley Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Olson Palazzo 
Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita Ross Rothfus Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Smith (MO) Smith (TX) Stutzman Thornberry Tipton Torres Wagner Walberg 
Walker Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Young (IN) Zinke 
NOES—266 
Aderholt 
Aguilar Amodei Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown (FL) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar 
Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) 
Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Granger Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hardy Harper Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Hultgren Hunter Israel Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski 
LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Rouzer 
Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Titus Tonko Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Womack Yarmuth Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—6 
Adams 
Brady (TX) Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Jackson Lee Nugent 
Stewart 
b1207 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BROOKS OF  
ALABAMA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
ROOKS ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN7.019 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3900 June 4, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 143, noes 283, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 303] 
AYES—143 
Aderholt 
Allen Amash Babin Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Crawford DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grothman Guthrie Harris Hartzler 
Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador Lamborn Latta Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Massie McCaul McClintock McHenry McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Noem Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Pittenger Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ross Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin 
Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stutzman Thornberry Tipton Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) 
NOES—283 
Abraham 
Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay 
Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Edwards 
Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Graham Granger Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins 
Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCollum McDermott McGovern 
McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Rogers (KY) Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Rothfus Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff 
Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier 
Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—6 
Adams 
Brady (TX) Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Jackson Lee Nugent 
Stewart 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1211 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BROOKS OF  
ALABAMA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
ROOKS ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 139, noes 286, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 304] 
AYES—139 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Crawford DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Grothman Guthrie Harris 
Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Loudermilk Love Lummis Marchant Massie McCaul McClintock McHenry McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Noem Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perry Pittenger Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble 
Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ross Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stutzman Thornberry Tipton Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Woodall Yoho Young (IA) 
NOES—286 
Aguilar 
Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) 
Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick 
Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Graham Granger Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Israel Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04JN7.058 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3901 June 4, 2015 
Joyce 
Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Moolenaar 
Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Rogers (KY) Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Rothfus Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) 
Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) 
Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—7 
Adams 
Brady (TX) Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Graves (LA) Jackson Lee 
Nugent Stewart 
b1214 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MRS . CAPPS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. C
APPS ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 202, noes 222, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 305] 
AYES—202 
Aguilar 
Ashford Bass 
Beatty Becerra 
Benishek Bera 
Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego 
Garamendi Goodlatte Grayson Green, Al 
Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hurt (VA) Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree 
Pitts Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—222 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) 
Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett 
Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) 
Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mullin 
Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert 
Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—8 
Adams Brady (TX) Cramer Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Jackson Lee Keating 
Nugent Stewart 
b1219 
Messrs. HILL and YOUNG of Iowa 
changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chair, during 
rollcall vote No. 305 on H.R. 2577, I mistak-enly recorded my vote as ‘‘no’’ when I should have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
VACATING PROCEEDINGS ON AMENDMENT  
OFFERED BY MS . ESTY  
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
ask unanimous consent that pro-ceedings on rollcall No. 300 be vacated to the end that the Chair resume pro-ceedings on the request for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY) at the end of the current series 
of postponed proceedings. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from 
Florida? 
There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, 2-minute voting will continue. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN7.033 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3902 June 4, 2015 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 176, noes 247, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 306] 
AYES—176 
Abraham 
Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crawford Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah 
Fincher Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore 
Moulton Mulvaney Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Rangel Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Welch Yarmuth 
NOES—247 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) 
Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas 
Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly 
Cook Costello (PA) Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) 
Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa 
Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nunes Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) 
Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schrader Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
NOT VOTING—8 
Adams Brady (TX) Cramer Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Jackson Lee Nugent 
Stewart Tiberi 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1225 
Mr. NORCROSS changed his vote 
from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . STIVERS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. S
TIVERS ) on 
which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 224, noes 198, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 307] 
AYES—224 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo 
Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stivers Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—198 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra 
Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer 
Bonamici Bost 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04JN7.064 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3903 June 4, 2015 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn 
Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi 
Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—10 
Adams 
Brady (TX) Cramer Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Gutie´rrez 
Hinojosa Jackson Lee 
Nugent Scott, David Stewart 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1228 
Mr. SCHIFF changed his vote from 
‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . ESTY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 184, noes 230, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 308] 
AYES—184 
Aguilar 
Ashford Bass Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Duckworth Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fortenberry 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Gosar Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Israel Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meng Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Woodall Yarmuth Zeldin 
NOES—230 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine 
Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway 
Cook Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores 
Forbes Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta Lipinski 
LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita 
Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stivers Stutzman Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Torres Trott 
Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
NOT VOTING—18 
Adams 
Beatty Brady (TX) Cramer Crawford Doyle, Michael 
F. Fincher 
Graves (MO) Gutie´rrez 
Hanna Jackson Lee Napolitano Nugent Scott, David 
Stewart Tiberi Visclosky Waters, Maxine 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1237 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
move that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. Z
ELDIN ) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
POEof Texas, Acting Chair of the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2577) making appropria-tions for the Departments of Transpor-tation, and Housing and Urban Devel-opment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN7.031 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3904 June 4, 2015 
ANNOUNCEMENT REGARDING 
CLASSIFIED SCHEDULE OF AU-THORIZATIONS AND CLASSIFIED ANNEX ACCOMPANYING INTEL-LIGENCE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I wish to 
announce to all Members of the House that the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence has ordered the bill H.R. 2596, the Intelligence Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2016, reported favorably to the House today with an amendment, and will file its report on the bill in the House early next week. The bill is currently expected to be considered in the House later in the week. 
Mr. Speaker, the classified schedules 
of authorizations and the classified an-nexes accompanying the bill are avail-able for review by all Members at the offices of the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence in room HVC–304 of the Capitol Visitor Center. The com-mittee office will be open during reg-ular business hours for the convenience of any Member who wishes to review this material prior to its consideration by the House. 
I recommend that Members wishing 
to review the classified annex contact the committee’s director of security to arrange a time and date for that view-ing. This will assure the availability of appropriately cleared committee staff to assist Members who desire assist-ance during their review of these clas-sified materials. 
I urge interested Members to review 
these materials in order to better un-derstand the committee’s recommenda-tions. The classified annexes to the committee’s report contain the com-mittee’s recommendations on the in-telligence budget for fiscal year 2016 and related classified information that cannot be disclosed publicly. 
It is important that Members keep in 
mind the requirements of clause 13 of House rule XXIII, which only permits access to classified information by those Members of the House who have signed the oath provided for in the rules. 
In addition, the committee’s rules re-
quire that Members agree in writing to a nondisclosure agreement. The agree-ment indicates that the Member has been granted access to the classified annexes and that they are familiar with the rules of the House and the committee with respect to the classi-fied nature of that information and the limitations on the disclosure of that information. 
f 
ON THE PASSING OF JOSEPH 
ROBINETTE BIDEN, III 
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I send 
to the desk a resolution and ask unani-mous consent for its immediate consid-eration in the House and, further, that it be read in full. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: H. R ES. 299 
Whereas Joseph Robinette ‘‘Beau’’ Biden, 
III, born in Wilmington, Delaware and a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania and Syracuse University law school, served our country as an attorney in the Depart-ment of Justice for seven years, including as-sisting the nation of Kosovo in rebuilding their criminal justice system; 
Whereas Beau Biden served his beloved 
State of Delaware for eight years as Attor-ney General; 
Whereas Beau Biden joined the Army in 
2003 at the age of 34, rose to the rank of major in the Delaware Army National Guard’s Judge Advocate General Corps, de-ployed to Iraq in 2008 and received the Bronze Star for his service; 
Whereas Beau Biden leaves behind a be-
loved wife, Hallie, and two children, Natalie and Hunter; and 
Whereas Beau Biden was the eldest son of 
the former Senator from Delaware and cur-rent Vice President of the United States and President of the United States Senate, Jo-seph Robinette Biden, Jr.: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the House of Representa-
tives has heard with profound sorrow and deep regret the announcement of the un-timely death of Joseph Robinette Biden, III. 
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of 
Representatives communicate this resolu-tion to the Senate and transmit a copy thereof to the family of the Vice President of the United States. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
Mr. CARNEY. Mr. Speaker, reserving 
the right to object, I rise in support of this resolution that celebrates the life of Beau Biden, the son of our Vice President, my State’s former attorney general, and my good friend. 
This past weekend, Beau Biden left 
this world far too young, at the age of 46. My home State of Delaware and this country suffered a loss that is deeply painful and deeply personal. 
Beau won our hearts when, as a 
young boy, he and his brother survived a car accident that killed his baby sis-ter and his mother. His father, J
OE, 
was sworn in to the United States Sen-ate at Beau’s hospital bedside. 
After the accident, J
OEheld his chil-
dren tight because he knew how fragile life was. And the rest of Delaware did the same with the entire Biden family. 
We watched Beau grow into a young 
lawyer and then elected him twice to be our attorney general, where he be-came a champion of protecting the most vulnerable among us. We were filled with pride as we watched him join the National Guard and deploy to Iraq. 
We were inspired by his example as a 
loving husband to Hallie, a doting fa-ther to Natalie and Hunter, and, as al-ways, a devoted son and brother. Fam-ily for Beau, like J
OE, was everything. 
b1245 
Beau was a truly giving person. He 
appreciated the good in others in a way that we all should. He leaves a legacy that calls on each of us to be more gentle in our judgments and more gra-cious with our thanks. Beau was one of the best of the good guys. Back in my home State of Delaware, 
people are hurting. It feels like every person you meet has been wounded by this loss, and just wishes there were something we could do to support our friends, the Bidens. 
It is they who are comforting us. 
They have shown us the courage to be-
lieve that there is something more en-during than grief. Love endures. Beau and his family, through their love for each other, have shown us that. 
So as we say good-bye to this distin-
guished American, this genuinely good man, we say to him: Until we meet again, Beau. May God hold you in the palm of his hand. 
I withdraw my reservation of objec-
tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY, JUNE 
8, 2015 
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 2 p.m. on Monday next and that the order of the House of January 6, 2015, regarding morning-hour debate not apply on that day. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF MARINE LANCE 
CORPORAL JOSHUA BARRON 
(Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today in memory of Ma-rine Lance Corporal Joshua Barron from Spokane Valley, Washington. 
Joshua, tilt rotor crew chief, died on 
May 18 of injuries sustained during a training exercise. He was 1 of 22 Ma-rines aboard the Osprey that came down in Hawaii near Bellows Air Force Base. 
Joshua was raised in Spokane Valley 
and graduated from University High School in 2009. Those who knew him called him a superhero, an all-Amer-ican kid, the best our Nation has to offer. During his service, he earned the National Defense Medal, a Global War on Terrorism Medal. 
The Spokane area was Joshua’s home 
for his entire life, and it is with a heavy heart that the community that raised him and loves him now says our good-byes. 
My prayers are with the Barron fam-
ily as they lay their son to rest this Friday. 
When he left for the Marines, he left 
his family a message that read, ‘‘Be-cause you’re worth it.’’ This is a testa-ment to the selfless spirit of this fine, young man. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04JN7.070 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3905 June 4, 2015 
Thank you for everything, Joshua. 
You’re worth it. Rest in peace. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF OFFICER GREGG 
BENNER 
(Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mex-
ico asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Offi-cer Gregg Benner of the Rio Rancho Police Department, who was killed in the line of duty on March 25. 
I offer my heartfelt condolences to 
the family and loved ones of Officer Benner as they mourn the loss of a hus-band, a father, grandfather, and friend who was taken from them far too soon. 
Officer Benner dedicated his life to 
protecting his community and his country. From his career in the Air Force to the Rio Rancho Police Depart-ment, Officer Benner put his health and safety on the line to make us safer, and he leaves behind a legacy of valor and service. 
The loss of any police officer is a 
painful reminder of the dangers they face. While we are shaken by Officer Benner’s loss, we can take comfort in the memories he has left behind for all those who knew him and the example that he set. 
While a tragedy such as this is unex-
pected and shocking, the response has brought out the best of the residents of Rio Rancho who have displayed an out-pouring of support and sympathy. 
My thoughts and prayers are with Of-
ficer Benner’s family, fellow officers, and the entire Rio Rancho community. I hope they find peace in the most dif-ficult time. 
Officer Benner, may God bless you, 
and may you rest in peace. 
f 
HONORING DR. JUAN M. ORTIZ 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
am delighted to wish a happy and healthy 90th birthday to Dr. Juan Ortiz. 
As one of the oldest full-time prac-
ticing M.D.’s in the U.S., Dr. Ortiz has provided exemplary care to his family, friends, and patients in our south Flor-ida community. Dr. Ortiz has always shown impeccable leadership in both his professional and charitable endeav-ors, and his reputation for excellence is widely known. 
When he is not treating his patients 
locally, you will find Dr. Ortiz volun-teering his medical services during ca-tastrophes in remote locations throughout Central America, the Car-ibbean, and Africa. 
Not only is Dr. Ortiz a seasoned med-
ical professional, but he is also a poet, a writer, and an avid traveler, with destinations extending as far as Ant-arctica. Dr. Ortiz, once again, I would like to 
express my appreciation for your con-tributions and your service to south Florida. I wish you a happy and healthy 90th birthday. 
f 
URGING SUPPORT OF H.R. 2615 AND 
H. RES. 291 
(Ms. PLASKETT asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in support of H.R. 2615 and H. Res. 291, both of which I introduced earlier this week. 
Nearly a century ago, the United 
States purchased the Virgin Islands from Denmark for its geopolitical im-portance. The citizens of the Virgin Is-lands of the United States commemo-rate the events of that date, March 31, 1917, each year. 
Mr. Speaker, H. Res. 291 asks the 
United States Postal Service to create a commemorate stamp in honor of the centennial. 
The purpose of H.R. 2615 will form a 
bipartisan congressional commission to research, plan, develop, and carry out activities the commission con-siders appropriate to commemorate the 100th anniversary. 
The commission will bring a national 
awareness to the events commemo-
rating the centennial, engage law-makers here in Congress, as well as the administration, and a new national dis-cussion around the relationship and place of the Virgin Islands with the United States. 
The coming centennial anniversary 
of the inclusions of the Virgin Islands in America affords us an opportunity to revisit this history and our ongoing relationship. It is also an opportunity to highlight the enormous contribu-tions to the United States by Virgin Is-landers and the richness of our Virgin Islands heritage. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE LIFE OF 
ERIK HITE 
(Ms. M CSALLY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
commemorate the life of Erik Hite, a Tucson police officer and former Air Force member who was killed in the line of duty 7 years ago this week, as well as the great work of his wife, Nohemy, following his tragic death. 
Erik was a model public servant and 
an exemplary cop. To honor his mem-ory and his commitment to family, Nohemy founded the Erik Hite Founda-tion in 2009 to support construction of a daycare facility for the children of police officers, firefighters, military personnel, and other emergency re-sponders. The foundation also runs en-richment and outreach programs that offer a safe and positive environment for these children. Today, the facility cares for up to 45 
children a day in a flexible setting that matches the around-the-clock hours that men and women of law enforce-ment are assigned. It has become a life-line for many families who sacrifice to protect and to serve our community, just like Erik did. 
Though nothing can make up for 
Erik’s tragic death, Nohemy has kept his spirit and the ideals he lived for alive through her amazing efforts. She has shown tremendous courage and perseverance, and I commend this in-credible woman for the difference she continues to make in southern Ari-zona. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE APOLLO- 
SOYUZ TEST PROJECT AND LIEUTENANT GENERAL TOM STAFFORD 
(Mr. LUCAS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize a momentous event in this Nation’s history and honor the men and women who worked so diligently to make it happen. 
The Apollo-Soyuz test project, which 
took place in July of 1975, was the first international human spaceflight, a joint operation between two rivaling superpowers: the United States and the Soviet Union. The Apollo-Soyuz test project was so successful, many histo-rians attribute the handshake in space between Apollo Commander Tom Staf-ford and Soyuz Commander Aleksey Leonov to be the beginning of the end the cold war. 
Lieutenant General Tom Stafford 
was born in Weatherford, Oklahoma, in 1930. After graduating from the Naval Academy, earning his wings from the Air Force in 1953, and graduating from the Air Force Experimental Flight Test Pilot School, Stafford went on to serve as a pilot on Gemini 6, a com-mander of Gemini 9, commander of Apollo 10, and, finally, commander of 
the Apollo-Soyuz test project. 
Thomas Stafford is a true patriot, a 
man who served this country in inspir-ing ways for over 60 years. I want to congratulate him on his accomplished service and his distinguished career. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE UNIVER-
SITY OF FLORIDA LADY GATORS SOFTBALL TEAM 
(Mr. YOHO asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to congratulate the University of Flor-ida, in Gainesville, Florida, the Lady Gators softball team. The Lady Gators won the Women’s College World Series in Oklahoma City last night, defeating Michigan 4–1. This is the Lady Gators’ second national championship in 2 years. It is a back-to-back national championship. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04JN7.072 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3906 June 4, 2015 
Again, congratulations to the Lady 
Gators’ awesome softball team and their coach, Tim Walton, for his great coaching and leadership. 
I would just like to end by saying it 
is great to be a Florida Gator. 
f 
CONGRATULATING VIC STORY, JR., 
ON BEING NAMED 2015 SWISHER SWEETS/SUNBELT EXPO FLOR-IDA FARMER OF THE YEAR 
(Mr. ROONEY of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to congratulate Mr. Vic Story, Jr., on being named the 2015 Swisher Sweets/Sunbelt Expo Florida Farmer of the Year. This is a tremen-dous honor and one he truly deserves. 
As the head of his family’s citrus 
business, Mr. Story has demonstrated a lifelong commitment to the citrus in-dustry. He is not only a successful grower, but he is widely regarded as a leader in Florida agriculture. 
He has played a key role in educating 
the media, the general public, and elected officials like me about the im-portance of citrus to the State of Flor-ida and this country. He has taught me a lot, and I am proud to count him both as an adviser and a friend. 
On behalf of the 17th District of Flor-
ida, Florida’s heartland, I would like to commend Mr. Story for his contribu-tions to the industry and to his com-munity. I wish him the best of luck as he competes with other State winners in October for the title of Southeastern Farmer of the Year. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CAPTAIN GLENN 
SULMASY 
(Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today in recognition of a career of service both to our country and to those preparing to defend it. 
Since 1988, Glenn Sulmasy has served 
our Nation as an officer in the United States Coast Guard. Since 2001, Captain Sulmasy has served on the faculty of the United States Coast Guard Acad-emy as a professor of law and risen to the chairmanship of the department of humanities. 
In each role, Captain Sulmasy has 
worked tirelessly to engage and edu-cate cadets, faculty, government offi-cials, and the public on national secu-rity law, public policy, and inter-national conflict. He is a recognized ex-pert in these areas. 
Captain Sulmasy’s expertise has not 
been limited to the academy. He is the author of multiple books and countless publications, a noted academic on the topic of national security, and a fellow in Homeland Security and National Se-curity Law for the Center for National Policy here in Washington, D.C. There is no doubt his knowledge has been an 
asset to our Nation as it struggles to understand the security intricacies of our current world. 
His commitment to the protection 
and defense of our Nation is commend-able. And as he prepares to retire from the Coast Guard Academy, I join with countless other Americans in thanking him for his service and wishing him the best of luck in the future. 
f 
b1300 
CONGRATULATIONS TO MIN-
NESOTA’S TOP SPELLER MAX-WELL MEYER 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
congratulate Minnetonka’s Maxwell Meyer, who is a seventh-grader at Minnetonka Middle School East, for his performance at the Scripps Na-tional Spelling Bee. 
Maxwell was among the 49 survivors 
of the preliminary round last Wednes-day when 234 other spellers were elimi-nated. Maxwell then spelled both of his words right in the nationally broadcast semifinal round on Thursday and, un-fortunately, came up just short of the finals after failing to score enough points on a written vocabulary test. 
The National Spelling Bee, Mr. 
Speaker, showcases some of the bright-est, most dedicated young students across the country, and Maxwell makes his community and the State of Min-nesota proud. 
To reach this stage of the spelling 
bee takes countless hours of hard work, learning the skills and knowledge to be an accurate speller. For some, that means even reading the dictionary. 
Maxwell’s efforts had folks all over 
the State of Minnesota cheering him on, and we congratulate him on his success. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM LEGISLA-
TIVE CORRESPONDENT, THE HONORABLE BILL SHUSTER, MEMBER OF CONGRESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from Anthony DeThomas, Legislative Correspondent, the Honor-able B
ILLSHUSTER , Member of Con-
gress: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , 
Washington, DC, June 3, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you 
formally pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that I have been served with a grand jury subpoena for testimony, issued by the United States Dis-trict Court for the Central District of Illi-nois. 
After consultation with counsel, I have de-
termined that compliance with the subpoena is consistent with the privileges and rights 
of the House. 
Sincerely, 
A
NTHONY DETHOMAS , 
Legislative Correspondent. 
f 
TIME FOR CONGRESS TO AUTHOR-
IZE WAR IN IRAQ AND SYRIA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Mas-sachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) is recog-
nized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, today, 
along with my colleagues W ALTER  
JONES of North Carolina and B ARBARA  
LEEof California, I introduced House 
Concurrent Resolution 55 in order to force this House and this Congress to debate on whether U.S. troops should withdraw from Iraq and Syria. We in-troduced this resolution under the pro-visions of section 5(c) of the War Pow-ers Resolution. 
As all of my House colleagues know, 
last year, the President authorized air-strikes against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria on August 7. For over 10 months, the United States has been en-gaged in hostilities in Iraq and Syria without debating an authorization for this war. 
On February 11 this year, nearly 4 
months ago, the President sent to Con-gress the text for an Authorization for Use of Military Force, or an AUMF, on combating the Islamic State in Iraq, Syria, and elsewhere, yet Congress has failed to act on that AUMF, or bring an alternative to the House floor, even though we continue to authorize and appropriate the money required for sustained military operations in those countries. 
Frankly speaking, Mr. Speaker, this 
is unacceptable. This House appears to have no problem sending our uniformed men and women into harm’s way. It ap-pears to have no problem spending bil-lions of dollars for the arms, equip-ment, and air power to carry out these wars. But it just can’t bring itself to step up to the plate and take responsi-bility for these wars. 
Our servicemen and servicewomen 
are brave and dedicated. Congress, however, is the poster child for cow-ardice. The leadership of this House whines and complains from the side-lines, and all the while it shirks its constitutional duties to bring an AUMF to the floor of this House, de-bate it, and vote on it. 
Our resolution, which will come be-
fore this House for consideration in 15 calendar days, requires the President to withdraw U.S. troops from Iraq and Syria within 30 days or no later than the end of this year, December 31, 2015. If this House approves this resolution, Congress would still have 6 months in which to do the right thing and bring an AUMF before the House and the Senate for debate and for action. Ei-ther Congress needs to live up to its re-sponsibilities and authorize this war, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04JN7.074 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3907 June 4, 2015 
or by its continuing neglect and indif-
ference, our troops should be with-drawn and come home. It is that sim-ple. 
I am deeply, I am deeply troubled by 
our policy in Iraq and Syria. I do not believe it is a clearly defined mission with a beginning, a middle, and an end, but rather just more of the same. I am not convinced that by enlarging our military footprint, that we will some-how end the violence in the region, de-feat the Islamic State, or address the underlying causes of the unrest. It is a complicated situation that requires a complicated and more imaginative re-sponse. 
I am also concerned by recent state-
ments by the administration about how long we will be engaged in Iraq, Syria, and elsewhere fighting the Is-lamic State. Just yesterday, on June 3, General John Allen, the U.S. envoy for the U.S.-led coalition fighting ISIL, said that this fight may take ‘‘a gen-eration or more.’’ He was speaking in Doha, Qatar, at the U.S.-Islamic World Forum. 
Mr. Speaker, I will insert for the 
R
ECORD a Times of Israel article enti-
tled, ‘‘Islamic State Fight May Take ‘Generation or More’—US Envoy.’’ 
[From the Times of Israel, June 3, 2015] 
ISLAMIC STATE FIGHT MAYTAKE‘GENERATION  
ORMORE’—US E NVOY  
As key Iraqi province falls to Islamic State, 
Gen. John Allen says failure to defeat group would ‘wreak havoc’ on humanity 
The Islamic State group is a ‘‘global 
threat’’ which will take a generation or more to defeat, Washington’s envoy for the US-led coalition fighting the jihadists said Wednes-day. 
Despite ‘‘strategic momentum’’ against 
IS—’’ or Daesh as he called it—General John Allen conceded that the fight would continue for several years in a keynote speech to the US-Islamic World Forum in Doha, Qatar. 
And he added that if IS was not defeated it 
could ‘‘wreak havoc on the progress of hu-manity.’’ 
‘‘This will be a long campaign,’’ he said. ‘‘Defeating Daesh’s ideology will likely 
take a generation or more. But we can and we must rise to this challenge. In an age when we are more interconnected that at any other time in human history, Daesh is a global threat.’’ 
In a wide-ranging speech, Allen added that 
IS also poses a new type of threat because of its ‘‘depravity.’’ 
‘‘As someone who has spent nearly four 
decades as a United States marine, I have come closer than many to the reality of in-humanity. 
‘‘But I have never seen before the kinds of 
depravity and brutality in this region that ISIL represents and, in fact, that ISIL cele-brates,’’ he added, using an alternative acro-nym for IS. 
Allen was speaking the day after attending 
talks in Paris with ministers from around 20 coalition countries. 
The meeting followed the fall of the city of 
Ramadi, the capital of Iraq’s largest prov-ince Anbar, to IS. That loss has been de-scribed as the worst defeat for the coalition since it formed nearly a year ago. 
US Pentagon chief Ashton Carter blamed 
Iraqi forces, saying there was ‘‘an issue with the will of the Iraqis to fight,’’ in comments that angered Baghdad. 
Iraq on Tuesday pleaded for more global 
support in the fight against IS. The loss of Ramadi in Iraq plus the ancient 
city of Palmyra in Syria has led some to question the effectiveness of the US-led coa-lition in recent weeks. 
Allen said the coalition had achieved some 
gains against the extremists. 
He noted that IS had been defeated in 
many places in Iraq and that it has ‘‘lost over 25 percent’’ of the populated territory it once held in the country. 
Another area of coalition success, Allen 
claimed, was its ability to disrupt the group’s access to finance. 
‘‘We are sharing information to block their 
assets to the global financial system. We are uncovering their points of access in the re-gion and abroad for financial support,’’ he said. 
He said the coalition had gained valuable 
intelligence on the organisation’s financial enterprises, but admitted that ‘‘Daesh still maintains financial resources’’. 
These included extortion, looting, kidnap-
ping for ransom, and human trafficking, said Allen. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, if we 
are going to invest a generation or more of our blood and our treasure in this war, then shouldn’t Congress at least debate whether or not to author-ize it? 
According to the National Priorities 
Project, based in Northampton, Massa-chusetts, which is in my congressional district, every single hour the tax-payers of the United States are paying $3.42 million for military actions against the Islamic State—$3.42 million every hour, Mr. Speaker. 
This is on top of the hundreds of bil-
lions of tax dollars spent on the first war in Iraq. And nearly every single penny of this war chest was borrowed money, put on the national credit card, provided as so-called emergency funds that don’t have to be accounted for or subject to budget caps like all other funds. 
Why is it, Mr. Speaker, that we al-
ways seem to have plenty of money or the will to borrow all the money it takes to carry out wars? But somehow, we never have any money to invest in our schools, our highways and water systems, or our children, families, and communities? Every day, every single day, this Congress is forced to make tough, serious, painful decisions to de-prive our domestic economy and prior-ities of the resources they need to suc-ceed. But somehow, there is always money for more wars. 
Well, if we are going to continue to 
spend billions on war, and if we are going to continue to tell our Armed Forces that we expect them to fight and die in these wars, then it seems to me the least we can do is stand up and vote to authorize these wars, or we should end them. We owe that to the American people. We owe that to our troops and their families. And we owe that to the oath of office that each of us took to uphold the Constitution of the United States. 
I want to be clear, Mr. Speaker: I can 
no longer criticize the President, the Pentagon, or the State Department when it comes to taking responsibility for this war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. I may not agree with the policy, but they have done their 
duty. At every step of the way, begin-ning on June 16, 2014, the President has informed Congress of his actions to send U.S. troops to Iraq and Syria and to carry out military operations against the Islamic State. And on Feb-ruary 11 of this year, he sent to Con-gress the draft text of an AUMF. 
Mr. Speaker, while I disagree with 
the policy, the administration has done its job. It has kept the Congress in-
formed, and as military operations con-tinue to escalate, they sent an AUMF to the Congress for action. 
It is this Congress, this House, that 
has failed and failed miserably to carry out its duties. Always complaining from the sidelines, the leadership of this House failed to act last year to au-thorize this war, even as it escalated and expanded nearly every month. The Speaker said it wasn’t the responsi-bility of the 113th Congress to act, even though the war started during its ten-ure. No, no. Somehow it was the re-sponsibility of the next Congress, the 114th Congress. 
Well, the 114th Congress convened on 
January 6, and it still hasn’t done a single, solitary thing to authorize the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. The Speaker asserted that Congress couldn’t act on the war until the President sent an AUMF to Con-gress. Well, Mr. Speaker, the President did just that on February 11, and still the leadership of this House has done nothing to authorize the use of mili-tary force in Iraq and Syria. And now the Speaker is saying he wants the President to send Congress another version of the AUMF because he doesn’t like the first one. Are you kid-ding me? 
Well, I am sorry, Mr. Speaker, it 
doesn’t work that way. If the leader-ship of this House doesn’t like the original text of the President’s AUMF, then it is the job of Congress to draft an alternative, report that revised AUMF out of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, bring it to the floor of the House, and let the Members of this House debate and vote on it. That is how it works. 
If you think that the President’s 
AUMF is too weak, then you make it stronger. If you think that it is too ex-pansive, then set limits on it. If you are opposed to these wars, then vote to bring our troops home. That is what we are here to do. That is what we are charged to do under the Constitution. And that is why Members of Congress get a paycheck from the American peo-ple every week—to make the hard deci-sions, not run away from them. 
All I ask, Mr. Speaker, is that the 
Congress do its job. That is the duty of this House and of the majority in charge of this House—to simply do its job, to govern, Mr. Speaker. But in-stead, all we witness is dithering and twiddling and complaining and whining and blaming others, and the complete and total shirking of responsibility over and over and over and over again. Enough, enough. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04JN7.076 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3908 June 4, 2015 
So with great reluctance and frustra-
tion, Representative J ONES and Rep-
resentative L EEand I introduced House 
Concurrent Resolution 55. Because if this House doesn’t have the stomach to carry out its constitutional duty to de-bate and authorize this latest war, then we should bring our troops home. If the cowardly Congress can go home each night to their families and loved ones, then our brave troops should receive that same privilege. 
Doing nothing is easy. And I am sad 
to say that war has become easy, too easy. But the costs in terms of blood and treasure are very, very, very high. 
I urge all of my colleagues to support 
this resolution and demand that the leadership of this House bring to the floor of this House an AUMF for the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria before Congress adjourns on June 26 for the Fourth of July recess. 
Congress needs to debate an AUMF, 
Mr. Speaker. It needs to do its job. 
At this point, Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
my colleague from North Carolina, Congressman W
ALTER JONES . 
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank my friend, Mr. M CGOVERN , for 
always being out front on this issue, and I am delighted to join him. As he said in many of his comments, the House has a responsibility to the men and women in uniform and to the American people. 
I have the privilege to represent 
Camp Lejeune Marine Corps Base, Cherry Point Marine Corps Air Sta-tion. I have over 70,000 retired veterans in the Third District of North Carolina. They are frustrated too. They believe sincerely that we must meet our con-stitutional responsibility and have this debate. And as you have said, Mr. M
CGOVERN , be for it or be against it, 
but have the debate. That is what is absolutely frustrating. 
I joined you and B
ARBARA LEEin a 
letter to Mr. B OEHNER in September. 
On August 27 we wrote a letter to the Speaker of the House asking him to please allow a debate on reauthoriza-tion of our involvement in the Middle East. Then on September 25 I wrote by myself to the Speaker of the House and asked again for the debate. 
As you have stated, he did say pub-
licly that because of the forthcoming election in 2014, that he thought it would be proper to have the debate in 2015, which you have already stated. 
b1315 
In 2015, the Speaker of the House said 
he was waiting for the President to submit the AUMF. As you have stated, the President did submit an AUMF, which many of us in both parties for different reasons were dissatisfied with, but it was the vehicle with which to go to the committee, to have the de-bate, and then to bring to the floor for a debate of the full House. 
I quote frequently down in my dis-
trict what James Madison said: ‘‘The power to declare war, including the power of judging the causes of war, is fully and exclusively vested in the leg-
islature.’’ 
He didn’t say the executive branch. 
He said the legislature, we in the House and we in the Senate. He didn’t say the President. He said the legislature. If we don’t bring it forward ourselves and if the Speaker wants the President to submit the AUMF—which he has al-ready done, but now, as you stated, he is asking for another AUMF. 
I do not understand. Our Nation has 
spent $1.7 trillion or $1.8 trillion in Iraq and Afghanistan combined. This is the first war in Iraq, not the continuation that we are into now. We are spending billions and billions of dollars every day. As you say, we have cut programs left and right. Even our veterans are concerned about their benefits being cut, and many of them did serve in Af-ghanistan and Iraq. 
I take it upon myself to go to Walter 
Reed. I will go to my grave regretting that I voted to send our kids to Iraq, which was an unnecessary war ini-tially, very unnecessary, but we went; 4,000 of our kids died, and 30,000 were wounded, and 100,000 Iraqis were killed. Anyway, that is history now. I know we can’t change history, but, hope-fully, we can learn from history. 
The people are frustrated. I talk 
about this down in my district, Mr. M
CGOVERN . That is why I support this 
H. Con. Res. 55. I don’t know how many billions of dollars we are expending in Afghanistan. I know that that is a dif-ferent subject, but I want to make my point. 
The billions of dollars that we are ex-
pending in Afghanistan is just so ironic that John Sopko, who is the Special In-spector General of Afghan Reconstruc-tion, talks about how the waste, fraud, and abuse is ongoing. We have had ma-rines from my district who were sent to Afghanistan to train the Afghans to be policemen and soldiers, and the peo-ple they were training turned the guns on them and killed them. 
We are sending our young men and 
women into these Middle East coun-tries and other countries, and we don’t have an end to the plan. I am not a military person, but I have heard from military leaders. If you have a strat-egy, that means you have an end point to your strategy, but we don’t have an end point to our strategy. That is why it is so important that we bring it up. 
What you are trying to do is to force 
a debate on an AUMF to get this Con-gress to reengage itself. I am like you, sir. I get tired of funding all of these programs. In fact, on FOX today, they were talking about the weapons that we have given to the Iraqis, and their army is disbanding half the time. The weapons that we have given them— from machine guns to Humvees—are now in the hands of ISIS, and we are now bombing the equipment that we sent to the Iraqi Army. It does not make any sense. 
Just a couple more points, and then I 
am going to yield back to you your time. I want to thank you and B
ARBARA  
LEE—and that is why I joined you—be-
cause I see the frustration of the ma-rines down in Camp Lejeune. They have been deployed three, four, five, six, seven times, and they know that they might be called upon again, and they will go. 
Just like all of those who serve in 
our services, they will go back and go back and go back; but, as you have said many times and as James Madison said, it is our responsibility, not the President’s responsibility, to initiate these AUMFs. 
I hope that the President will follow 
with what the Speaker has asked him for, which is for a second AUMF. If he sends a second AUMF, then there is no excuse that our leadership of the Re-publican Party has—and I am a Repub-lican—to not bring it to the floor. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN , I thank you again. I 
am pleased to have thought to join you in this effort. We need to meet our con-stitutional responsibility. I go to Wal-ter Reed. I see the broken bodies, and I see the amputated legs. 
I have signed over 11,000 letters to 
families in this country who have lost loved ones in Afghanistan and Iraq. I want to fulfill my duty as a Member of Congress and follow the Constitution and have the debates on spending blood and money in these foreign countries. 
Thank you for allowing me to be a 
small part of this. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. I want to thank my 
colleague from North Carolina for his eloquent statement and for his passion on this issue and for his courage on this issue because I know that it is not easy to stand up and raise some of these questions. He has done so con-sistently, and I think the country owes him a debt of gratitude, so I thank the gentleman for that. 
I think, as Mr. J
ONES pointed out, 
there is a constitutional principle at stake here. We have a responsibility when it comes to matters of war, and it is a little bit puzzling to me that we have a lot of complaining in this Cham-ber by some in saying that the Presi-dent is not consulting enough with Congress or he is doing too many things with executive actions; yet, when it comes to the issue of war, we don’t want to have anything to do with it. It is just too easy to do nothing. 
I know that these issues are uncom-
fortable—they are complicated; they are difficult—but our job is not to run away from an issue if it is uncomfort-able. We have to deliberate on a lot of issues that are important to the Amer-ican people and to the national secu-rity of this country. 
I don’t think it takes any courage for 
a Member of Congress to be quiet on this issue and cheer the White House on if the military operation is going well or criticize it if it is not, but never have to take a vote. That is not leader-ship; that is cowardice. That is shirk-ing our responsibility. 
I don’t care whether you are a Demo-
crat or a Republican. We all, for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04JN7.077 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3909 June 4, 2015 
sake of protecting the integrity of this 
institution, should insist that we as-sume our proper role when it comes to issues of war. War is a big deal. It is a big deal—at least it should be a big deal. 
As I said earlier, what bothers me is 
that, in this Chamber and in this city, it has become easy. We don’t talk about it. We had a debate on the de-fense authorization bill last week. A number of us tried to bring amend-ments to the floor to kind of force this issue, and we were told this is not the place to talk about the war—the de-fense authorization bill, which author-izes a lot of the funding for this war. 
If that is not the place to talk about 
it, then where is the place to talk about it? With every attempt that we have launched to try to force a debate on the floor, we have been frustrated. We have been told you can’t do it. Here we are in June, and we have been at war now for many, many months. The time has come for us to stand up and be heard on this issue. 
Look, I have great reservations about 
the White House’s policy in Iraq and Syria. I don’t support much of what the President is doing right now. I know his heart is in the right place, but I don’t think that the ultimate answer here is to expand our military foot-print. I have reservations. 
Even if you believe that you ought to 
give the President all of the power in the universe to do whatever he wants around the world, you still ought to support what Congressman J
ONES and 
Congresswoman L EEand I are trying to 
do, and that is to make sure that Con-gress has a role in this, that we author-ize whatever action is going to take place from this point forward. 
Again, you could vote to expand the 
President’s authority. You could vote to limit the President’s authority. You could vote to say we don’t believe the President should have any authority to launch even more wars in the Middle East. That is what the debate should be about. 
We should be talking about the spe-
cifics of our policy. I mean, is there a clearly defined mission here? I don’t see it. A clearly defined mission has a beginning, a middle, and an end; but we ought to have that debate. 
How does this all end? We were told 
initially, Oh, it won’t be that long; then it was a few years. Now, it is going to be a generation or two. The length of time that we are going to be expected to be engaged here gets longer and longer and longer and longer with each passing month. Isn’t that worth a discussion? Isn’t that worth a debate? 
We debate a lot of things on this 
House floor that I would say are pretty trivial. We debate a lot of legislation that we know is going nowhere. Why can’t we take the time to debate this issue of war? Why can’t we take the time to do what is right by our service-men and -women, who are being put into harm’s way, to make sure that we are getting it right with regard to Iraq and Syria and the war against the Is-
lamic State? Again, I know it is un-comfortable; but so what? We need to do our job. 
I will just close by reiterating some-
thing that Congressman J
ONES said, 
and that is that we have a lot of needs here in the United States. We can’t get a long-term highway bill passed. We have tens of millions of fellow citizens 
in the United States of America, the richest country on the planet, who are hungry. We have some schools that are in disrepair. 
Quite frankly, our kids deserve a 
heck of a lot better. We have infra-structure needs. I can go right down the list of the things that we need to do. We have people who are unem-ployed, and we have people who are homeless. We need more housing for people. 
There are so many things that we 
have to do, and we are told we can’t do any of it because we don’t have the money; but, when it comes to wars that never end or wars that are going to last generations or more, we are an ATM machine. 
If the money is not there, we will 
give you an IOU. We will put it on our credit card. People talk about the def-icit and the debt; yet we are adding all of these billions and trillions of dollars because of these wars that are not paid for. No one says anything about that around here, but that is one of the big-gest contributors to our debt. We ought to realize that. 
When we talk about national secu-
rity, I would just say to my colleagues that national security also includes the quality of life for people here in this country, whether people have a job, whether people have access to a good education, whether people have health care, whether people have food, wheth-er they have shelter. 
All of those things are important 
parts of our national security and our national defense. We are neglecting them on a regular basis, but we are spending every cent we have on these wars overseas. 
This deserves a debate. Again, we 
would prefer that an AUMF come be-fore the full House under regular order, where the House Foreign Affairs Com-mittee would report out a bill, and we would just debate it, but we have been patient long enough, and nothing has been forthcoming. 
Here we are in June with still no 
promise that anything may be com-ing—more excuses. That is why we in-troduced this privileged resolution. We are going to force a debate, and we are going to force a vote. We will do it again and again and again and again until this Congress lives up to its con-stitutional responsibilities. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
b1330 
THREATS AROUND THE WORLD 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
ZINKE). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair rec-
ognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, there is 
so much going on these days, and I would just like to take up a very im-portant issue that is going on right now. 
There was an interview by our Presi-
dent that was discussed in the L.A. Times, an article by Christi Parsons and Michael Memoli, and I saw part of the interview on television. The head-line of this story is ‘‘Obama Raises Possibility of Allowing U.N. Vote on Palestinian Statehood.’’ Their sub-headline says, ‘‘Obama makes veiled threat about Palestinian statehood in an interview.’’ 
The article says, ‘‘President Obama 
took a step toward a tougher line with Israel in an interview released Tues-day, raising the possibility that the U.S. will allow a United Nations vote on issues related to the Palestinians if the two sides make no meaningful movement toward peace.’’ 
In an interview with an Israeli tele-
vision station, Obama noted that his administration has ‘‘up until this point’’ quashed such efforts at the U.N., while insisting that the Israelis and Palestinians must negotiate a res-olution; but he said it is a challenge for the U.S. to keep demanding that the Palestinians negotiate in good faith if no one believes the Israelis are doing the same. 
Further down, it says, ‘‘Obama’s crit-
ical tone toward Netanyahu, describing him as someone who is ‘predisposed’ to ‘think perhaps that peace is naive’, ap-peared to return to the tough language that marked administration state-ments earlier this spring around the time of the Israeli election. More re-cently, the White House had seemed to be trying to mend fences.’’ Well, obvi-ously, that is not the case now. 
I thought it might be important, Mr. 
Speaker, to take a look at some of the comments that have been made by folks who say they are leaders, and we know them to be leaders of the Pal-estinians because Mr. Obama is getting some terrible advice. 
I don’t know who is advising him. 
Maybe he is still skipping those brief-ings, and who knows where it is coming from, but somebody needs—somebody, and I hope, Mr. Speaker, somebody close to the President—to start advis-ing him on the position of the Palestin-ians. They cannot make their position more clear. 
Prime Minister Netanyahu stood 
right here at the second level and made 
the statement, in essence, that, if Israel lays down its arms, there is no Israel; if the Palestinians lay down their arms, there will be peace. 
They will not do so, and they con-
tinue to teach their children about how evil and horrible these Jews are, these Israelis are, that they need to be wiped off the map. They continue to name streets and holidays for those who would kill innocent Israeli children, in-nocent Israeli moms and dads as they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04JN7.079 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3910 June 4, 2015 
sit having coffee. Oh, they think that 
is wonderful; let’s make them heroes because they killed innocent Israelis. 
Yet this President continues to want 
to help the Palestinians have a big spot in Israel, a massive spot, which Israel has already seen makes their nation in-defensible, while the President seems not to be getting the message of their position: they want to wipe Israel off the map. 
Some quotes, this is from Yasser 
Arafat, the previous PLO leader. He said: ‘‘We plan to eliminate the State of Israel and establish a purely Pales-tinian state. We will make life unbear-able for Jews by psychological warfare and population explosion. We Palestin-ians will take over everything, includ-ing all of Jerusalem.’’ 
Now, the current Palestinian Presi-
dent has made clear—and his state-ment is: ‘‘We cannot compromise on Jerusalem.’’ They are taking all of Je-rusalem. 
Also, this quote, that they would 
never recognize a Jewish state. The quote is: ‘‘First of all, let me make something clear about the story of the Jewish state,’’ he told Dream 2 TV on October 23, 2011. He is quoted: ‘‘They started talking to me about the Jewish state only 2 years ago, discussing it with me at every opportunity, every forum I went to—Jewish or non-Jew-ish—asking: ‘What do you think about the Jewish state?’ I’ve said it before, and I’ll say it again: I will never recog-nize the Jewishness of the state, or a ‘Jewish state.’’’ 
Another quote: ‘‘Hamas kidnapped— 
or rather, captured—a soldier and man-aged to keep him for 5 years, and that is a good thing.’’ 
Another quote from President Abbas: 
‘‘In a final resolution, we would not see the presence of a single Israeli—civil-ian or soldier—on our lands.’’ Of course, their lands, they anticipate getting all of Israel. They intend to wipe the Israelis off the map. 
‘‘Whoever wants resistance, whoever 
wants jihad, the direction for jihad is well-known and clear.’’ This is Mahmoud Al-Habbash, the Palestinian Minister for Religious Affairs. He said, ‘‘Those who send young people to Syria or elsewhere to die for a misdirected cause must stop and understand that Jerusalem is still waiting. Jerusalem is the direction, Jerusalem is the ad-dress.’’ 
Another quote—Hamas, a group des-
ignated by the State Department and European Union as a foreign terrorist organization. They, of course, are well respected in the area the Palestinians are occupying. 
Saeb Erekat, the Palestinian dip-
lomat’s chief negotiator, said, ‘‘Hamas is a Palestinian movement, is not and will never be a terrorist organization.’’ Well, we know the facts dictate other-wise. 
We keep coming back to this point, 
Mr. Speaker. As long as the leaders of the Palestinians continue to say that terrorist organizations are peaceful, in their view, even though they want to 
kill Israelis, wipe them off the map, and as long as they continue to say they will never recognize an Israeli state, a Jewish state, they will never allow them to exist, they will continue to push to wipe them off the map, how in the world can the President of the United States act like he is a friend to Israel, yet say we want to accommo-date their getting a vote that will make Israel indefensible to people that want to destroy them? 
Here are some more quotes. The fol-
lowing are excerpts from an interview with Hamas MP and cleric Yunis Al- Astal, which aired on Al-Aqsa TV on May 11 of 2011. He said: ‘‘The Jews are brought in droves to Palestine so that the Palestinians—and the Islamic na-tion behind them—will have the honor of annihilating the evil of this gang.’’ 
‘‘All the predators, all the birds of 
prey, all the dangerous reptiles and in-sects, and all the lethal bacteria are far less dangerous than the Jews.’’ 
Here is another: ‘‘In just a few years, 
all the Zionists and the settlers will re-alize that their arrival in Palestine was for the purpose of the great massacre, by means of which Allah wants to re-lieve humanity of their evil.’’ 
Here is another from this Hamas 
member and cleric: ‘‘When Palestine is liberated and its people return to it, and the entire region, with the grace of Allah, will have turned into the United States of Islam, the land of Palestine will become the capital of the Islamic Caliphate, and all these countries will turn into states within the Caliphate.’’ 
Another great quote from these won-
derful leaders, another leader said: ‘‘I swear that if we had a nuke, we’d have used it this very morning.’’ 
Those are the people that the Presi-
dent of the United States thinks are being extremely reasonable, and he considers that Netanyahu, in wanting to keep a country in which they can live without being wiped off the map, is being unreasonable. 
Netanyahu has made very clear, they 
want peace; but how can they sit down with people who will not even acknowl-edge they have a right to exist? That is not a precondition. That is a condition for wiping them off the map as a threat to mankind if they are not willing to recognize that genocide is inappro-priate. 
They are war criminal wannabes. 
When people make clear that they are going to commit murder or genocide, how long do you have to wait before it is okay to stop them? Well, the Presi-dent has made clear it may be time to move out of the way so that these Pal-estinians that want to obliterate Israel can have their will. 
One thought came back to mind. 
Back in my days as a felony judge, when you have somebody who is driv-ing a car and people say, ‘‘Hey, we just need a ride to this location. Once we get there, we are going to murder some people, but we don’t need anything from you. We just need a ride,’’ the per-son that drove that car, knowing that 
those people made those comments about wanting to kill people when they get to that location, they are also guilty of murder. 
I am not accusing anybody. I am 
raising questions. If the United States says, ‘‘Here, Palestinian terrorist groups, we want to provide you the ve-hicle to have a powerful place right in the middle, a huge section of Israel. We want to give you that place, and you have made clear, we know you have made clear, once you are there, you are going to wipe out Israel,’’ does that make the United States’ leaders that facilitate that, does that make them accessories? I am just asking. 
Mr. Speaker, you can advise the Par-
liamentarian, I am not accusing any-body. I am just asking the question. 
The President needs to be advised by 
somebody that people are threatening murder, genocide, and those are not the people whose side we should be on trying to accommodate to reach that goal. It is a difficult time, and it is a scary time. 
Many of us believe what Scripture 
says, to whom much is given, of them much is required. 
I have mentioned a number of times 
the elderly West African gentleman who advised me when I was over there with Mercy Ships: We were so excited when you elected your first Black President, but we have continued since then to see America get weaker, and you have got to go back to Washington and tell your friends there that, when America gets weaker, we suffer. 
Then we see the stories of to whom 
much is given. This United States of America, that our leaders in this ad-ministration, according to articles, a Catholic Bishop in Nigeria, that this administration is saying: We are not going to help you stop Boko Haram, these radical Islamists; we are going to let them keep killing innocent Chris-tians, kidnapping, and sexually raping, abusing Christian girls. But, if you will change your laws and accommodate same sex marriage and pay for abor-tion, then we will be willing to come help. 
b1345 
I was advised by some other Members 
of Congress who got back from a trip to East Africa, where they were told by leaders in East African nations the same thing that they are being told by the people in this administration: Oh, yeah, we will help you with radical Islam, but only if you change your laws to violate your strongly held Christian beliefs that same-sex marriage is wrong. And also, start providing abor-tions, also violating your strongly held religious beliefs. 
Only if you will violate your Chris-
tian beliefs will we be willing to come help you. If there is a God as the Bible talks about, there will be a price to this Nation for acting in such a way. 
I have a dear friend—I think the 
world of him—a man named Sean 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04JN7.080 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3911 June 4, 2015 
Hannity. I don’t usually get to see his 
program live. Again, last night in the wee hours I was watching a replay of Sean’s program, and he was talking about, once again, a terrorist with ties to a mosque in the Boston area. 
Of course, I had done some research 
on this and found research that had been done by others. I found an article by Ryan Mauro back from December 2013. 
I know when I was questioning the 
Director of the FBI, Director Mueller, before our Judiciary Committee, I was incredulous that the Russians, of all people, could advise the United States twice that the older Tsarnaev had been radicalized long before he ever killed people and maimed people during the Boston Marathon. 
We had been advised twice. When we 
took no action the first time, then they advised the FBI that the older Tsarnaev had been radicalized, and you need to check into it. And the best I can find out is the FBI interviewed Tsarnaev, and he said he wasn’t a ter-rorist—imagine that—and they talked to his mother and she said her son was not a terrorist. 
And I challenged him and said, in ef-
fect: You didn’t even go to the Boston mosque where Tsarnaev attended to find out, to investigate if he had been radicalized? And he challenged me. He said that wasn’t true. I said: What part wasn’t true? And he said: We did go to the mosque there. 
I didn’t hear the little tag-on line he 
put after that until I heard a replay. My staff had to say: You apparently didn’t hear what he said after he said ‘‘We did go to the mosque.’’ So I had to listen to the replay. What he said: ‘‘We did go to the mosque in our outreach program.’’ 
In the outreach program. We talked 
about that before. It took years before the FBI finally suspended their part-nership with CAIR after, years before, the FBI had found evidence that was utilized in the Holy Land Foundation trial, the largest terrorist prosecution case in American history. 
CAIR was named as an unindicted co-
conspirator. They tried to have their name removed from the pleadings, but the Federal judges at the district level and at the United States Court of Ap-peals both said there is plenty of evi-dence to support CAIR being a cocon-spirator supporting terrorism. So no, we are not going to strike their names from the pleadings. There were other names that were challenging as well. 
So I was surprised it took years for 
the FBI to decide to suspend their out-reach program, their partnership with CAIR. And yet, according to Director Mueller, they continued that outreach program to that mosque. 
But I did challenge him with one 
final question. I held up these docu-ments here, the Articles of Organiza-tion. This is with the Commonwealth of Massachusetts that they got these Articles of Organization. And it is or-ganizing a group called the Islamic So-ciety of Boston, which established the 
mosque in Boston that Tsarnaev at-tended, that the latest terrorist at-tended. 
My friend, Sean Hannity, was asking 
the question about this mosque be-cause he was shocked, like I was pre-viously, as to why there had not been more investigation. 
This article from 2013 pretty well 
tells the tale: ‘‘Clarion Project: Islamic Society of Boston.’’ It says: 
‘‘The Islamic Society of Boston’s 
teachings are largely based on Islamists like Muslim Brotherhood spiritual leader Yousef al-Qaradawi and Sayyid Qutb, the Brotherhood cleric who influenced Osama bin Laden, as re-ported in 2008 that the Muslim Brother-hood and the Pakistani Islamist group Jamaat-e-Islami ‘are the prominent be-lief systems. The popular web sites used by members, and recommended by mosque leaders, are mostly fundamen-talist, and rabidly homophobic.’’’ 
So we already knew that. Osama bin 
Laden had said that the writings of Qutb, particularly the booklet ‘‘Mile-stones,’’ helped radicalized him. 
If our FBI training materials had not 
been purged, as have our intelligence training materials and other training materials, if they had not been purged of material that CAIR found offen-sive—CAIR being the entity that the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals and a U.S. District Court said there is plenty of evidence to support their being co-conspirators in terrorism. They found some language offensive and so there were—well they classified it. I thought it was ridiculous, and I won’t say an approximate amount. They found many pages to be offensive to them, this co-conspirator in terrorism, according to the pleadings in the Holy Land Foun-dation trial, and so they were removed. As one intelligence officer told me: We blinded ourselves of the ability to see our enemy. 
They don’t even know. Our FBI 
should go into the mosque and talk to people there. They should have asked: Well, look, do you know Tsarnaev? Was he reading Qutb—well, they call him an Egyptian martyr, but he was a ter-rorist. He promoted terrorism, and he wrote this booklet that has helped radicalize people. 
But if you know what radicals be-
lieve, then you are able to ask the questions and get to the bottom. And so you are not just going to the mosque to sit down and pat each other on the back and have some food together. You are actually investigating whether somebody is going to kill people at the Boston Marathon in the future so you can save their lives. But they didn’t know enough to do that because they are not properly trained anymore be-cause CAIR gets offended when we try to properly train them. 
This article goes on and says: ‘‘Their writings and teachings were 
fanatical.’’ 
This is from Sheikh Ahmed Mansour 
in 2013. He is talking about the Islamic Society of Boston’s teachings in the 
mosque. He said: 
‘‘The writings and teachings were fa-
natical. I left and refused to go back to pray. I left Egypt to escape the Muslim Brotherhood, but I had found it there.’’ 
The Muslim Brotherhood advises this 
administration. And for the incom-petent people that say: ‘‘Well, Gohmert never gives names; he just says they advise the President,’’ they don’t know how many times I have given names. Mohamed Elibiary from Plano was on the top advisory group for Homeland Security. 
Imam Magid, the president of the All 
Dulles Area Muslim Society, or ADAMS—I am sure John Adams would appreciate that—he was president of that. He was part of a group that was named as a coconspirator in the ter-rorist prosecution trial of the Holy Land Foundation. He advised the Presi-dent regularly. He gave him advice, ac-cording to the media. He gave advice to the President about his speech back in 2011, where the President inaccurately said everybody agrees to going back to the pre-1967 boundaries. No, they didn’t. 
If you are Imam Magid, and you are 
part of what was named as a cocon-spirator in terrorism, maybe you think that, but certainly the parties didn’t agree to that. 
Anyway, this article goes on: ‘‘In 2004, the Islamic Society of Bos-
ton Web site had a section titled: ‘40 Recommendations for the Muslim Home.’ It said to ‘hang up the whip where the members of the household can see it,’ and that children are to be ‘hit’ if they refuse to pray once they are 10 years old. 
‘‘The section also said regarding wife 
beating, ‘Hitting is not the way to dis-cipline; it is not to be resorted to ex-cept when all other means are ex-hausted or when it is needed to force someone to do obligatory acts of obedi-ence,’’’ which apparently include of a sexual nature. 
The article says: ‘‘One of the founders of the Islamic 
Society of Boston is Abdurrahman Alamoudi, who was its first president.’’ 
I insert here that I asked Director 
Mueller: Were you aware that Alamoudi is the one that started this mosque that Tsarnaev attended? And he said: No, he was not. But he sure knew who Alamoudi was. Because the FBI gathered the evidence, whether they wanted to or not, that put him in prison. Actually, I think the British gathered the evidence that was so over-whelming that there wasn’t much choice; he had to be prosecuted. 
Yes, he had helped the Clinton ad-
ministration, he had been some help to the Bush administration, according to Alamoudi. Anyway, he gets arrested out at Dulles Airport and is doing I be-lieve 23 years in prison for supporting terrorism. 
But the article points out: ‘‘He was convicted on terrorism-re-
lated charges in 2004 and has admitted 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04JN7.082 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3912 June 4, 2015 
to being a secret Muslim Brotherhood 
operative. He wrote from his prison cell, ‘I am, I hope, still a member of the Muslim Brotherhood organization in the USA.’ He was last paid a speaking fee by the Islamic Society of Boston in 2000, the same year he publicly ex-pressed his support for Hamas and Hezbollah. 
‘‘Muslim Brotherhood spiritual lead-
er Yousef al-Qaradawi has been on the ISB board of trustees. Tax filings for 1998–2000 include his name under a list of ‘officers, directors, trustees, and key employees.’ 
‘‘In 2002, Qaradawi helped ISB—the 
Islamic Society of Boston—fundraise via videotape because the U.S. would not grant him entry. His name also ap-peared on the Islamic Society of Bos-ton’s Web site until March 2001. The Is-lamic Society of Boston originally de-nied having any connection to Qaradawi and later claimed that the inclusion of his name on the tax forms was an error. 
‘‘The ISB has hosted Islamic speak-
ers like Salah Soltan and Yasir Qadhi. In March 2010, Imam Abdullah Faarooq said that Aafia Siddiqui, a young woman arrested for her al Qaeda ties, was innocent, and ’You must grab on to this rope, grab on to the typewriter, grab on to the shovel, grab on to the gun and the sword, don’t be afraid to step out into this world and do your job.’ 
‘‘ISB has donated ‘thousands’ of dol-
lars to the Holy Land Foundation, a U.S. Muslim Brotherhood entity later shut down for financing Hamas. It also donated to the Benevolence Inter-national Foundation, later identified as al Qaeda front. 
‘‘Imam Sheikh Basyouny Nehela, was 
has served the Islamic Society of Bos-ton for at least 10 years, is also a board member of the Boston chapter of the Muslim American society. 
‘‘In 1994, Hamas fundraiser Moham-
med El-Mezain addressed the Muslim Arab Youth Association. He spoke after an individual that was introduced as a leader of the ‘Hamas mosque mili-tary wing.’ An FBI report documented the speaker saying: ‘I have been told to restrict or restrain what I say . . . I hope no one is recording me or taking any pictures, as none are allowed . . . because I’m going to speak the truth to you. It’s simple. Finish off the Israelis. Kill them all. Exterminate them. No peace ever.’’’ 
These are the Muslim Brothers that 
the President gets advice from. 
It is time to stop this organization. 
It is time to listen to our friends in Israel and do not, at all costs, facili-tate the destruction or the attempted destruction of Israel by our enemies and their enemies. 
With that, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: Mr. S TEWART (at the request of Mr. 
MCCARTHY ) for today on account of 
family reasons. 
Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania (at the request of Ms. P ELOSI ) for 
today. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 2 p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Mon-day, June 8, 2015 at 2 p.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1699. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-
retary, Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting authorization for Colonel Paul J. Rock, Jr., United States Marine Corps, to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general, in accordance with 10 U.S.C. 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
1700. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Capital Gain Distributions of Regu-lated Investment Companies [Notice 2015-41] received June 3, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
1701. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Changes in accounting periods and in methods of accounting (Rev. Proc. 2015-33) received June 3, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
1702. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Penalty Relief Program — Late An-nual Reporting for Non-Title I Retirement Plans (‘‘One-Participant Plans’’ and Certain Foreign Plans) (Rev. Proc. 2015-32) received June 3, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
1703. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Request for Comments Regarding New Financial Accounting Standards Board and International Accounting Standards Board Revenue Recognition Standards [No-tice 2015-40] received June 3, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 2131. A bill to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Waties Waring Judicial Center’’ (Rept. 114–137). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Mr. CONAWAY: Committee on Agri-
culture. H.R. 2394. A bill to reauthorize the National Forest Foundation Act, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 
114–138). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-
sylvania: 
H.R. 2645. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to prevent the Thrift Savings Fund from investing in any company that boycotts Israel; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania (for 
himself, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON  
of Texas, Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. D IAZ- 
BALART , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. D OLD, 
Mr. G UINTA , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of 
California, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of 
Pennsylvania, Mrs. E LLMERS of North 
Carolina, Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. V ARGAS , 
Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. N UNES , Mr. 
HUNTER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Ms. 
SINEMA ): 
H.R. 2646. A bill to make available needed 
psychiatric, psychological, and supportive 
services for individuals with mental illness and families in mental health crisis, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Ways and Means, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. WESTERMAN (for himself, 
Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Pennsylvania, and Mr. Z INKE): 
H.R. 2647. A bill to expedite under the Na-
tional Environmental Policy Act and im-prove forest management activities in units of the National Forest System derived from the public domain, on public lands under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Manage-ment, and on tribal lands to return resilience to overgrown, fire-prone forested lands, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ag-riculture, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. 
P
ALLONE , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. C OLE, Mr. 
FATTAH , and Mrs. L UMMIS ): 
H.R. 2648. A bill to require adequate infor-
mation regarding the tax treatment of pay-ments under settlement agreements entered into by Federal agencies, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. REICHERT (for himself and Mr. 
T
HOMPSON of California): 
H.R. 2649. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for the appli-cation of Medicare secondary payer rules to certain workers’ compensation settlement agreements and qualified Medicare set-aside provisions; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04JN7.083 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3913 June 4, 2015 
By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia: 
H.R. 2650. A bill to restore equity, save cov-
erage, and undo errors in the case of individ-uals who lose health insurance subsidies under King v. Burwell, and other individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. D
EGETTE (for herself, Mr. 
WHITFIELD , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, and Ms. L EE): 
H.R. 2651. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to prevent and treat dia-betes, to promote and improve the care of in-dividuals with diabetes, and to reduce health disparities, relating to diabetes, within ra-cial and ethnic minority groups, including the African-American, Hispanic American, Asian American, Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander, and American Indian and Alaskan Native communities; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. PALMER (for himself, Mr. T
OM 
PRICE of Georgia, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. 
ROGERS of Alabama, Mr. S ESSIONS , 
Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. 
BUCK, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mrs. L OVE, 
Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. 
LAMBORN , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. G RIF-
FITH, Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. Z INKE, Mrs. 
LUMMIS , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. W ALK-
ER, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. C ARTER of 
Georgia, Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. 
DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. B LUM, 
Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. R ICEof South 
Carolina, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. 
LOUDERMILK , Mr. B ARTON , and Mr. 
BOUSTANY ): 
H.R. 2652. A bill to provide a 2-year grace 
period for physicians and other health care providers in transitioning from the use of ICD-9 to ICD-10; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ROE of Tennessee (for himself, 
Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
FLORES , Mr. B ARR, Mrs. B LACKBURN , 
Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mrs. E LLMERS  
of North Carolina, Mr. F LEMING , Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. H ILL, Mr. 
ROKITA , Mr. S CALISE , Mr. B UCSHON , 
Mr. G IBBS, Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, 
Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. W EBER of Texas, 
Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. 
HUELSKAMP , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. 
HUIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. R OUZER , 
Mr. Y ODER , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. N EUGE -
BAUER , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
PITTENGER , Mr. C OLE, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. 
ROONEY of Florida, Mr. S TUTZMAN , 
Mr. R OTHFUS , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mrs. 
WAGNER , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. 
MCKINLEY , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. 
FINCHER , Mr. W ILSON of South Caro-
lina, Mr. O LSON , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. 
MESSER , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , and Mr. 
MCCAUL): 
H.R. 2653. A bill to repeal the Patient Pro-
tection and Affordable Care Act and related reconciliation provisions, to promote pa-tient-centered health care, to provide for the creation of a safe harbor for defendants in medical malpractice actions who dem-onstrate adherence to clinical practice guidelines, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and 
Means, Education and the Workforce, the Ju-diciary, Natural Resources, House Adminis-tration, Rules, Appropriations, Veterans’ Af-fairs, and the Budget, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. NADLER (for himself, Mr. 
S
COTT of Virginia, Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
MALONEY of New York, Ms. S PEIER , 
Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. F UDGE , 
Mr. B ERA, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. 
BONAMICI , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. B RADY  
of Pennsylvania, Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C APUANO , 
Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. C ASTOR of Flor-
ida, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Mas-
sachusetts, Ms. C LARKE of New York, 
Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C OO-
PER, Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. C ROWLEY , 
Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS 
of Illinois, Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. 
DEGETTE , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. M I-
CHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
ELLISON , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. 
ESTY, Mr. F ARR, Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. G RAY-
SON, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , 
Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H IG-
GINS, Mr. H IMES, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. 
KAPTUR , Mr. K EATING , Mr. K ENNEDY , 
Ms. K USTER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. L AR-
SENof Washington, Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
Ms. L EE, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
LIPINSKI , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. L YNCH , 
Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New 
York, Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. M CCOLLUM , 
Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
MCNERNEY , Ms. M ENG, Ms. M OORE , 
Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. P INGREE , 
Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. P RICE of 
North Carolina, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. R USH, Mr. R YANof Ohio, 
Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, 
Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. 
SCHIFF , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. S HERMAN , 
Ms. S INEMA , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. 
SMITH of Washington, Mr. T AKANO , 
Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. 
TONKO , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mr. V EASEY , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida): 
H.R. 2654. A bill to eliminate discrimina-
tion and promote women’s health and eco-nomic security by ensuring reasonable work-place accommodations for workers whose ability to perform the functions of a job are limited by pregnancy, childbirth, or a re-lated medical condition; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in ad-dition to the Committees on House Adminis-
tration, Oversight and Government Reform, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. DELANEY (for himself, Mr. 
P
OLIS, and Mr. P ETERS ): 
H.R. 2655. A bill to require all candidates 
for election for the office of Senator or Mem-ber of the House of Representatives to run in an open primary regardless of political party preference or lack thereof, to limit the ensu-ing general election for such office to the two candidates receiving the greatest num-ber of votes in such open primary, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Oversight and Government Re-form, the Judiciary, and Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. POLIS (for himself, Mr. R
OEof 
Tennessee, Mr. K IND, and Mr. K ELLY  
of Pennsylvania): 
H.R. 2656. A bill to amend the Employee 
Retirement and Income Security Act of 1974 and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for the electronic delivery of pension plan information; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. K IND, Mr. 
HECKof Nevada, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. C OL-
LINS of New York, Mr. R YANof Ohio, 
Mr. A MODEI , and Ms. T ITUS): 
H.R. 2657. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to modify the energy credit to provide greater incentives for industrial energy efficiency; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. BARLETTA: 
H.R. 2658. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into ac-count as employees under the shared respon-sibility requirements contained in the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. CRENSHAW (for himself and 
Mr. P
OLIS): 
H.R. 2659. A bill to authorize preferential 
treatment for certain imports from Nepal; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Ms. 
LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY , Ms. C LARK of Massa-
chusetts, Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. M OORE , 
Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. L EWIS, Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. F UDGE , Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. H AHN, 
Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. F ARR, Mr. P AYNE , 
and Ms. P INGREE ): 
H.R. 2660. A bill to amend the Child Nutri-
tion Act of 1966 to increase the age of eligi-bility for children to receive benefits under the special supplemental nutrition program for women, infants, and children, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
By Mr. FORTENBERRY (for himself 
and Mr. H
UFFMAN ): 
H.R. 2661. A bill to amend the National 
Trails System Act to include national dis-covery trails, and to designate the American 
Discovery Trail, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona (for him-
self, Mr. S
ALMON , Mr. G ALLEGO , and 
Ms. S INEMA ): 
H.R. 2662. A bill to amend title 37, United 
States Code, to clarify the situations in which the United States will cover the cost of transportation for next of kin to attend the transfer ceremony of a member of the Armed Forces who dies overseas; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. P
OLIS, 
Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. T HOMPSON of 
California, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, 
Mr. R UIZ, Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. 
CRAMER , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-
HAM of New Mexico, Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:02 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L04JN7.100 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3914 June 4, 2015 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof 
New Mexico, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT , Mr. S IMPSON , Ms. 
SINEMA , Mr. Z INKE, and Mr. 
HUFFMAN ): 
H.R. 2663. A bill to promote the develop-
ment of renewable energy on public land, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HIGGINS: 
H.R. 2664. A bill to amend title 28, United 
States Code, to protect the right of a claim-ant in a civil action before a Federal court to retain a structured settlement broker to ne-gotiate the terms of payment of an award, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. KILMER: 
H.R. 2665. A bill to designate and expand 
wilderness areas in Olympic National Forest in the State of Washington, and to designate certain rivers in Olympic National Forest and Olympic National Park as wild and sce-nic rivers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois (for 
himself, Mr. L
ATTA , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , 
Mr. B ARTON , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. S HIMKUS , 
Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. O LSON , Mr. 
POMPEO , Mr. S CALISE , Mr. C RAMER , 
Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. L ONG, 
Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, 
Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. 
WALDEN , and Mr. U PTON ): 
H.R. 2666. A bill to prohibit the Federal 
Communications Commission from regu-lating the rates charged for broadband Inter-net access service; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
By Mr. LARSEN of Washington (for 
himself, Mr. C
OFFMAN , and Ms. 
DELBENE): 
H.R. 2667. A bill to reauthorize the match-
ing grant program for school security in the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
of New Mexico (for herself, Mr. D
OG-
GETT , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, Mrs. D INGELL , and Ms. R OY-
BAL-ALLARD ): 
H.R. 2668. A bill to establish a National 
Care Corps through which qualified volun-teers provide care, companionship, and other services to seniors and individuals with dis-abilities; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Ms. MENG (for herself, Mr. B
ARTON , 
and Mr. L ANCE ): 
H.R. 2669. A bill to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 to expand and clarify the prohibition on provision of inaccurate caller identification information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. MOULTON: 
H.R. 2670. A bill to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to provide for expanded participa-tion in the microloan program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Busi-ness. 
By Mr. MOULTON: 
H.R. 2671. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to clarify the amount of schol-arships and duration of obligated service under the Department of Veterans Affairs Health Professional Scholarship Program; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. MOULTON: 
H.R. 2672. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to clarify the amount and dura-tion of scholarships under the Department of Veterans Affairs Employee Incentive Schol-
arship Program; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. MOULTON: 
H.R. 2673. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to expand the eligibility of em-ployees of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs to participate in the Education Debt Reduction Program; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. MOULTON: 
H.R. 2674. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to transfer funds among certain scholarship and debt reduction pro-grams; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mr. MULLIN (for himself and Mr. 
G
ENEGREEN of Texas): 
H.R. 2675. A bill to direct the National 
Highway Traffic Safety Administration to establish a program allowing low volume motor vehicle manufacturers to produce a limited number of vehicles annually within a regulatory system that addresses the unique safety and financial issues associated with limited production, and to direct the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency to allow low volume motor vehicle manufacturers to in-stall engines from vehicles that have been issued certificates of conformity; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. NEAL (for himself, Mr. C
ROW-
LEY, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. R AN-
GEL, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. L ARSON of 
Connecticut, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. T HOMP -
SONof California, Mr. B ECERRA , and 
Mr. K IND): 
H.R. 2676. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to permanently extend the tax treatment for certain build America bonds, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SALMON (for himself, Mr. 
E
NGEL , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. H ASTINGS , 
Mr. H UNTER , Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. 
WALBERG ): 
H.R. 2677. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Education to verify that individuals have made a commitment to serve in the Armed Forces or in public service, or otherwise are a borrower on an eligible loan which has been submitted to a guaranty agency for de-fault aversion or is already in default, before such individuals obtain a consolidation loan; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 2678. A bill to prohibit United States 
contributions to the United Nations Popu-lation Fund; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for himself 
and Ms. L
OFGREN ): 
H.R. 2679. A bill to provide for the admis-
sion to the United States of certain Tibet-ans; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Mr. 
B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, 
Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. 
CASTOR of Florida, Mr. C OSTA , Ms. 
JUDYCHUof California, Mr. D ELANEY , 
Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. 
FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Mr. H ONDA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. 
KAPTUR , Ms. K USTER , Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
Ms. L EE, Mr. M EEHAN , Ms. M OORE , 
Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
RANGEL , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and 
Mr. S COTT of Virginia): 
H.R. 2680. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to increase transparency and reporting on campus sexual violence, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addi-tion to the Committee on the Judiciary, for 
a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. TITUS (for herself, Mrs. L
AW-
RENCE , and Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-
fornia): 
H.R. 2681. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to establish the STEM Education and Training Account in order to enhance the economic competitiveness of the United States by providing funding for STEM education and training, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. VISCLOSKY: 
H.R. 2682. A bill to prohibit business enter-
prises that lay off a greater percentage of their United States workers than workers in other countries from receiving any Federal assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. VISCLOSKY: 
H.R. 2683. A bill to require certain Federal 
agencies to use iron and steel produced in the United States in carrying out projects for the construction, alteration, or repair of a public building or public work, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Homeland Security, and Armed Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska (for himself, 
Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, 
Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. B ARTON , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C OOK, 
Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. C A´RDENAS , and Mr. 
RUIZ): 
H.R. 2684. A bill to restore tribal economic 
development opportunity for the Alabama- Coushatta Tribe of Texas on terms that are equal and fair, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. M
CGOVERN (for himself, Mr. 
JONES , and Ms. L EE): 
H. Con. Res. 55. Concurrent resolution di-
recting the President, pursuant to section 5(c) of the War Powers Resolution, to remove United States Armed Forces deployed to Iraq or Syria on or after August 7, 2014, other than Armed Forces required to protect United States diplomatic facilities and per-sonnel, from Iraq and Syria; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. NOLAN: 
H. Res. 298. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing steps that Congress should take to re-store democracy and change the way we do politics in the United States by reducing the influence of money and corporations and pro-moting the participation of the people in politics and government; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committees on Rules, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. M
CCARTHY: 
H. Res. 299. A resolution on the passing of 
Joseph Robinette Biden, III; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:02 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L04JN7.100 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3915 June 4, 2015 
By Mr. CARNEY: 
H. Res. 300. A resolution on the passing of 
Joseph Robinette Biden, III; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
By Ms. KAPTUR (for herself, Mr. H
UN-
TER, Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. S LAUGHTER , 
Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. 
TAKAI, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. 
YOHO, Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. 
MCKINLEY , Mr. J ONES , Ms. P INGREE , 
Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R USSELL , and Mr. 
PERRY ): 
H. Res. 301. A resolution amending the 
Rules of the House of Representatives to pro-hibit the consideration of an implementing bill with respect to a trade agreement unless the final legal text of the agreement has been made available to the public for a pe-riod of not less than 60 days prior to the date on which the implementing bill is introduced in the House; to the Committee on Rules. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: 
H. Res. 302. A resolution observing the 
100th birthday of the late Les Paul, the ‘‘Wizard of Waukesha’’, and honoring his contributions to the American music indus-try; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-
sylvania: 
H.R. 2645. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to thc following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion under the General Welfare Clause. 
By Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 2646. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. 
By Mr. WESTERMAN: 
H.R. 2647. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, section 3, clause 2 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: 
H.R. 2648. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of Congress to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or offi-cer thereof, as enumerated in Article I, Sec-tion 8, Clause 18 of the United States Con-stitution. 
By Mr. REICHERT: 
H.R. 2649. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion, specifically clause 1 (relating to pro-viding for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations re-specting the territory or other property be-
longing to the United States).’’ 
By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia: 
H.R. 2650. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Constitent with the original understanding 
of the Commerce Clause, the authority to enact this legislation is found within Clause 3 of Section 8, Article 1 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. Consistent with Congress’s power to tax, the authority to enact this legislation is also found in Clause 1 of Section 8, Article 1 of the U.S. Constitution. 
By Ms. D
EGETTE: 
H.R. 2651. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mr. PALMER: 
H.R. 2652. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-
gress shall have Power *** To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof (Also known as the ‘‘Necessary and Proper clause)’’. 
By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: 
H.R. 2653. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1, with respect 
to the power to ‘‘lay and collect Taxes, Du-ties, Imposts, and Excises,’’ and to provide for the ‘‘general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution gives Congress the power to ‘‘regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. 
Constitution, which gives Congress the power to ‘‘make all Laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
This legislation puts forth measures relat-
ing to the treatment of existing commerce and the exchange of health care products, services, and transactions, while retaining the sovereignty and power of respective states as outlined in Amendment X of the U.S. Constitution. The legislation also makes amendments to the manner in which the United States defines and enacts certain taxes, as implemented through the power to collect taxes and provide for the general Welfare. 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. 
Constitution provides for those provisions which serve as a means to secure the ends of Clauses 1 and 3 of Article 1, Section 8, as cited above. Such provisions, include, but are not limited to eligibility standards, report-ing measures relating to the practical imple-mentation of tax provisions, and instruc-tions specifying the relationship among ex-isting Departments and programs. 
Nothing in this legislation shall be con-
strued to restrict due process of the law as defined in Section 1, Amendment XIV of the U.S. Constitution. 
This legislation includes a provision to re-
peal Public Law 111–148 and title I and sub-title B of title II of Public Law 111–152, which exceeds the scope of power vested in Con-gress by the U.S. Constitution. 
By Mr. NADLER: 
H.R. 2654. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clauses 3 and 18 of section 8 of Article I of 
the Constitution and section 5 of Amend-ment XIV to the Constitution. 
By Mr. DELANEY: 
H.R. 2655. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 4, Clause 1 ‘‘The Times, Places and Manner of holding 
Elections for Senators and Representatives, shall be prescribed in each State by the Leg-islature thereof; but the Congress may at any time by Law make or alter such Regula-tions, except as to the Places of chusing Sen-ators.’’ 
By Mr. POLIS: 
H.R. 2656. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, of the U.S. Constitu-
tion (relating to the power to regulate inter-state commerce). 
By Mr. REED: 
H.R. 2657. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 and Amendment XVI of 
the United States Constitution 
By Mr. BARLETTA: 
H.R. 2658. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 
By Mr. CRENSHAW: 
H.R. 2659. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution, commonly referred to as the Commerce Clause. The Commerce Clause states that the Congress shall have power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes. This bill changes U.S. trade 
By Ms. D
ELAURO: 
H.R. 2660. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 and Article I, 
Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. FORTENBERRY: 
H.R. 2661. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona: 
H.R. 2662. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Clause 8 
By Mr. GOSAR: 
H.R. 2663. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2. (The Prop-
erty Clause.) 
The Property Clause gives Congress the 
power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Terri-tory or other Property belonging to the United States; and states that nothing in the Constitution shall be so construed as to Prej-udice any claims of the United States, or of any Particular State. 
Currently, the federal government pos-
sesses approximately 1.8 billion acres of land. The U.S. Constitution specifically ad-dresses the relationship of the federal gov-ernment to land. The Property Clause gives Congress plenary power and full-authority over federal property. The U.S. Supreme Court has described Congress’s power to leg-islate under this Clause as ‘‘without limita-tion.’’ This Act falls squarely within the ex-press Constitutional power set forth in the Property Clause. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L04JN7.100 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3916 June 4, 2015 
By Mr. HIGGINS: 
H.R. 2664. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. KILMER: 
H.R. 2665. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 (relating to 
providing for the general welfare of the United States); 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (relating to 
the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress); and 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to 
the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). 
By Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois: 
H.R. 2666. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution 
By Mr. LARSEN of Washington: 
H.R. 2667. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
As described in Article 1, Section 1 ‘‘all 
legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress.’’ 
By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
of New Mexico: 
H.R. 2668. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Ms. MENG: 
H.R. 2669. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. MOULTON: 
H.R. 2670. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution permits the Congress to, ‘‘regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with in-dian tribes’’ 
By Mr. MOULTON: 
H.R. 2671. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. MOULTON: 
H.R. 2672. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. MOULTON: 
H.R. 2673. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. MOULTON: 
H.R. 2674. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. MULLIN: 
H.R. 2675. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
Constitution of the United States 
By Mr. NEAL: 
H.R. 2676. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I and the 16th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution. 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 2677. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 2678. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7—‘‘No money 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: 
H.R. 2679. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4 
By Ms. SPEIER: 
H.R. 2680. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Ms. TITUS: 
H.R. 2681. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. VISCLOSKY: 
H.R. 2682. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 Section 8 of Article I of the Con-
stitution 
By Mr. VISCLOSKY: 
H.R. 2683. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 Section 8 of Article I of the Con-
stitution 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 2684. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 6: Mr. B ENISHEK . 
H.R. 29: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. 
H.R. 136: Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 169: Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 227: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. 
H.R. 232: Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. P OLIS, and Ms. 
JENKINS of Kansas. 
H.R. 276: Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Ms. F OXX, Mrs. 
LUMMIS , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania, and Mr. W EBER of Texas. 
H.R. 288: Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H.R. 292: Mr. H ANNA , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  
MALONEY of New York, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. Z ELDIN , and 
Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 333: Mr. M ACARTHUR . H.R. 348: Mr. B RAT. 
H.R. 359: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia and 
Mr. U PTON . 
H.R. 381: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. J UDY CHUof 
California, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
and Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . 
H.R. 419: Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 592: Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 600: Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan. 
H.R. 702: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. 
DESJARLAIS , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , 
Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. M ULVANEY , and Mr. B OU-
STANY . 
H.R. 703: Mr. C RENSHAW and Mr. R USSELL . 
H.R. 721: Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 731: Mr. C ONYERS . 
H.R. 767: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. 
VARGAS , and Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 774: Mr. C LAWSON of Florida. 
H.R. 775: Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H.R. 829: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. 
H.R. 835: Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 842: Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. J UDY CHUof 
California, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, and Mr. 
VEASEY . 
H.R. 893: Mrs. N OEM, Mr. H URTof Virginia, 
Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Mr. 
UPTON . 
H.R. 913: Mr. S MITH of Washington. 
H.R. 921: Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 928: Mr. R IGELL . 
H.R. 938: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 969: Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 973: Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. C AR-
SONof Indiana, and Mr. F ITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 985: Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. 
DENHAM , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. Y OHO, 
and Mr. C RENSHAW . 
H.R. 997: Mr. C ALVERT . 
H.R. 999: Mrs. B LACK . 
H.R. 1057: Mr. S IRES. 
H.R. 1096: Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 1101: Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. H IMES, Ms. 
JUDYCHUof California, and Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . 
H.R. 1107: Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 1133: Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 1157: Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 1188: Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. P OSEY , and 
Mr. B ERA. 
H.R. 1192: Mr. R EED, Mr. P AYNE , and Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts. 
H.R. 1197: Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, and Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H.R. 1202: Ms. P INGREE , Ms. J UDY CHUof 
California, and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1218: Mr. D OLDand Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 1247: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 1258: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida and Mr. 
SWALWELL of California. 
H.R. 1299: Mr. G OHMERT . 
H.R. 1300: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 1321: Mr. L OWENTHAL and Mr. 
MCDERMOTT . 
H.R. 1399: Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 1401: Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 1413: Mr. M CCLINTOCK . 
H.R. 1434: Mr. K IND, Mr. S CHRADER , Ms. 
MENG, and Mr. F OSTER . 
H.R. 1435: Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 1448: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 1462: Mr. L UCAS . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-
ico, Mr. C OOPER , Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, and 
Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . 
H.R. 1516: Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. D EGETTE , 
and Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 1523: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 1552: Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut. 
H.R. 1559: Mrs. L AWRENCE and Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 1572: Mr. P ERRY . 
H.R. 1599: Mr. K NIGHT and Mr. R ENACCI . 
H.R. 1610: Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 1624: Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. 
RICEof South Carolina, Mr. G OWDY , Mr. R OS-
KAM, Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. T ED 
LIEUof California, Mr. L UCAS , Mr. R USSELL , 
and Mr. C OLE. 
H.R. 1670: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN7.045 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3917 June 4, 2015 
H.R. 1680: Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 1684: Mr. C LAWSON of Florida. 
H.R. 1688: Mr. P OCAN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. S EANPATRICK  
MALONEY of New York, and Mr. C OOK. 
H.R. 1717: Mr. L ANCE , Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. 
ESHOO , Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. R UIZ, 
Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. L ORETTA SAN-
CHEZ of California, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. J UDY 
CHU of California, Ms. K USTER , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. F ARR, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. 
HAHN, Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. 
DOGGETT . 
H.R. 1725: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 1736: Mr. L UETKEMEYER . 
H.R. 1739: Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. 
WEBSTER of Florida, and Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. 
H.R. 1786: Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , 
Ms. K USTER , Mr. D ESAULNIER , and Mr. 
BISHOP of Georgia. 
H.R. 1817: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 1818: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts and 
Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 1834: Mr. S ALMON . 
H.R. 1846: Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 1853: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia and 
Mr. Z INKE. 
H.R. 1859: Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 1877: Mrs. D INGELL and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 1893: Mr. C OLE, Mr. H ARDY , Mr. H UD-
SON, Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , and Mr. 
WEBER of Texas. 
H.R. 1942: Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 1943: Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. B ROWN of Flor-
ida, Mr. C LAY, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, 
Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. C LEAVER , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas, Ms. E DWARDS , and Ms. K ELLY of Illi-
nois. 
H.R. 1950: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan and Mr. 
CLAWSON of Florida. 
H.R. 1961: Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 1989: Mr. H ANNA and Mr. Z INKE. 
H.R. 1992: Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 1994: Mrs. R OBY. 
H.R. 2001: Mr. K NIGHT . 
H.R. 2005: Mr. P OCAN and Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 2013: Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. S CHIFF , and 
Mr. T HOMPSON of California. 
H.R. 2016: Mr. Q UIGLEY and Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 2019: Mr. M ASSIE and Mr. A USTIN  
SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 2031: Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 2043: Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , and Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 2050: Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. L ORETTA  
SANCHEZ of California, and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 2061: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. 
HOLDING , and Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina. 
H.R. 2063: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 2082: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK and Mrs. D IN-
GELL . 
H.R. 2126: Mr. C ULBERSON . 
H.R. 2132: Ms. M ENG. 
H.R. 2138: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 2150: Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 2152: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. 
H.R. 2192: Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 2216: Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. 
SIRES, and Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 2221: Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. S TEWART , Ms. 
JUDYCHUof California, and Ms. A DAMS . H.R. 2248: Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 2259: Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas. 
H.R. 2260: Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 2290: Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana. 
H.R. 2300: Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. L ANCE , and Mr. 
MCCAUL. 
H.R. 2303: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 2309: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 2342: Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 2360: Ms. B ASS. 
H.R. 2378: Mr. G RIJALVA and Mr. P RICE of 
North Carolina. 
H.R. 2389: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 2400: Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. B ARR, and 
Mr. C ONAWAY . 
H.R. 2429: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 2430: Mr. V EASEY , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. 
O’ROURKE , and Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 2457: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. W ALZ, and 
Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 2470: Ms. M OORE , Mr. G RIJALVA , and 
Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 2491: Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas. 
H.R. 2510: Mrs. W ALORSKI and Mr. U PTON . 
H.R. 2513: Mr. B URGESS and Mr. C ARTER of 
Texas. 
H.R. 2513: Mr. B URGESS and Mr. C ARTER of 
Texas. 
H.R. 2514: Mrs. B LACK , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. C OLE, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, 
Mr. Y ODER , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. 
FLEMING , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. P OSEY , and 
Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 2522: Mr. M CGOVERN and Mr. S COTT of 
Virginia. 
H.R. 2523: Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H.R. 2530: Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. C LARK of Mas-
sachusetts, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, and 
Mr. C ONYERS . 
H.R. 2567: Mr. C OFFMAN , Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. 
RUSSELL , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. P OEof Texas, 
and Mr. H ILL. 
H.R. 2576: Mr. B ILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 2607: Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. 
HANNA , and Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H.R. 2630: Mr. B UCHANAN and Mr. M URPHY  
of Florida. 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. V ELA. 
H. Con. Res. 18: Mr. O’R OURKE . 
H. Con. Res. 53: Mr. K NIGHT . 
H. Res. 112: Mr. N UNES . 
H. Res. 209: Mr. A LLEN , Mr. M ARINO , and 
Mr. S TEWART . 
H. Res. 230: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H. Res. 233: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina 
and Mr. M OULTON . 
H. Res. 262: Mrs. T ORRES and Mr. M CNER-
NEY. 
H. Res. 294: Mr. B ARLETTA . 
f 
AMENDMENTS 
Under clause 8 of rule XVIII, pro-
posed amendments were submitted as follows: 
H.R. 2577 
OFFERED BY: MR. POSEY  
AMENDMENT NO. 25: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. 416. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Transportation to take any actions with 
respect to the financing of a new passenger rail project that runs from Orlando to Miami through Indian River County, Florida. 
H.R. 2577 
O
FFERED BY: MR. POSEY  
AMENDMENT NO. 26: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. 416. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Transportation to make a loan in an amount that exceeds $600,000,000 under title V of the Railroad Revitalization and Regu-latory Reform Act of 1976 (45 U.S.C. 821 et seq.). 
H.R. 2577 
O
FFERED BY: MR. POSEY  
AMENDMENT NO. 27: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. 416. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Transportation to authorize exempt facil-ity bonds to finance passenger rail projects which do not use vehicles that are reason-ably expected to be capable of attaining a maximum speed in excess of 150 miles per hour between scheduled stops as defined in section 142 of title 26, United States Code. 
H.R. 2577 
O
FFERED BY: MR. EMMER OF MINNESOTA  
AMENDMENT NO. 28: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may used to carry out any en-richment as defined in Appendix A to part 611 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, for any New Start grant request. 
H.R. 2577 
O
FFERED BY: MR. SCHIFF  
AMENDMENT NO. 29: At the end of the bill, 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act shall be used to enforce section 47524 of title 49, United States Code, or part 161 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, with regard to noise or access restrictions or to enforce section 47107 of title 49, United States Code, with regard to access restric-tion on the operation of aircraft by the oper-ate of Bob Hope Airport in Burbank, Cali-fornia. 
H.R. 2577 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GALLEGO  
AMENDMENT NO. 30: At the end of the bill, 
before the short title, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of these funds made avail-
able by this Act may be used by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) to redesign the Phoenix Metroplex regional airspace. 
H.R. 2577 
O
FFERED BY: MR. SANFORD  
AMENDMENT NO. 31: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. llll . None of the funds made avail-
able in this Act may be used to administer, implement, or enforce section 193 or section 414 of this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN7.040 H04JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3731 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JUNE 4, 2015 No. 89 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Eternal Father, in whom we live and 
move and have our being, from whom we come and to whom we go at last, in this quiet moment of prayer, we praise You for Your providence that undergirds our Nation and its leaders. Let Your Kingdom come and Your will be done on Earth as it is in Heaven. 
Today, give our lawmakers grace to 
distinguish between that which is na-tion-serving and that which is self- serving. Make them committed to serv-ing You by serving others. Give them the wisdom to separate the important from the unimportant, the big concern from the trivial contention. Use our Senators for the betterment of this Na-tion and the building of Your Kingdom. 
And, Lord, we thank You for the 
wonderful work of our pages. 
We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C OT-
TON). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATION ACT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, the 
Senate will continue its work on the National Defense Authorization Act 
today. Both the Republican and Demo-cratic bill managers have called for Senators on both sides to get their amendments offered so we can get the process moving. I urge all of my col-leagues to do so. 
f 
OBAMACARE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, on 
another matter, we have heard a lot about the Supreme Court’s imminent decision on ObamaCare and its latest problems. No one can say for sure how the Court will rule, but one thing we do know is this: ObamaCare is a mess. It is a law filled with broken promises, one that has been plagued by failure and one that has caused costs to sky-rocket for millions after the supporters of this law promised the costs would actually fall. 
I speak to you in the wake of a bomb-
shell revelation from the administra-tion that many insurers are now re-questing to raise premiums by double digits all across the country. For in-stance, numbers for Kentucky just came out yesterday, and most of the insurers on the Commonwealth’s ObamaCare exchange are looking to raise premiums. Some of the proposed increases are as high as 25 percent, and some Kentuckians may now face dou-ble-digit premium increases for the second or even the third year in a row. This is more bad ObamaCare news for the people I represent. 
In some States, the proposed in-
creases are even more alarming, if you can believe it. Kentuckians can look next door for proof of that, where some Hoosiers could be hit with a 46-percent jump in their premiums, or if they look south to Tennessee, they will see that premium hikes of 36 percent have been proposed. 
These are huge numbers, and they af-
fect real people. We have seen the truth of that statement in the stories we hear from constituents about how ObamaCare’s massive cost burdens af-
fect all of them. Take the Kentucky small business owner who wrote to say that his plan is now being canceled thanks to ObamaCare. Here is what he had to say: ‘‘My monthly premium will increase from $610 to [approximately] $1,200,’’ he said, ‘‘and this is with very high deductibles.’’ Or take the con-stituent of mine from Floyd County who recently wrote to say she can no longer afford her silver ObamaCare plan after the monthly premium spiked by more than 75 percent. ‘‘I was forced to take the Bronze Plan,’’ she said, ‘‘which isn’t worth the paper or ink to print it on.’’ 
These are the kinds of stories that 
have become all too familiar in the age of ObamaCare. They are compounded by a continual drip, drip of bad news about this law, such as the recent re-port that showed how ObamaCare’s multibillion-dollar attack on hospitals in Kentucky is expected to result in a net loss of $1 billion over the next few years—a net loss of $1 billion to Ken-tucky hospitals. 
This is after ObamaCare already 
compelled taxpayers to shell out bil-lions for Web sites that never worked, along with some pretty sad and des-perate but expensive taxpayer-financed marketing campaigns that often just directed users to some technological nightmare, not affordable health care. Take Oregon, for instance. Taxpayers spent over $300 million on that State’s exchange, only to have it taken over by the Federal Government and then, along with the ObamaCare exchange in Massachusetts, placed under Federal criminal investigation. Look at Ha-waii, which received more than $205 million to establish its exchange. We learned just last month that the Ha-waii exchange is planning to shut down operations by September 30 since law-makers couldn’t decide on a path for-ward to pay for it. And then there is Vermont. This morning, the New York Times reported on the spectacular 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:11 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.000 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3732 June 4, 2015 
crash of Vermont’s even more ambi-
tious version of ObamaCare. Many on the left thought Vermont’s experiment would light the way forward on health care. In the end, it turned out to be a remarkable failure and, as one Vermonter put it, ‘‘an unending money pit.’’ The State’s top health official now says that ObamaCare’s exchanges ‘‘just [weren’t] set up for success.’’ That is in Vermont. 
ObamaCare is hitting small and 
midsized businesses, too. These are the engines of job growth in our economy, but too many of them are now facing premium hikes of nearly 20 percent be-cause of ObamaCare. One 54-person company in Connecticut is facing up to $100,000 in new costs. Its owner says that ObamaCare ‘‘punishes companies for hiring new, younger workers,’’ and, indeed, the uncertainty is causing her company to hire temporary workers rather than create permanent jobs. 
So while it is possible that 
ObamaCare will survive its latest cri-sis, that is not going to change the grim reality of this law. It won’t change the broken promises, it won’t change the repeated failures, and it won’t change the fact that ObamaCare has led to skyrocketing costs for tax-payers, the small businesses that drive the American dream, and, most impor-tantly, for middle-class Americans who work hard every single day and play by the rules. 
It is about time the President and his 
party worked constructively with us to start over on real health reform that can lower costs and increase choice in-stead of hurting the middle class the way ObamaCare does. That is what the American people deserve. 
f 
BURMA 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, on 
one final matter, several weeks ago, I had the pleasure of meeting with Shwe Mann, speaker of the Burmese Par-liament, on his visit to Washington. It was the third time we met. We had a cordial but frank discussion about the challenges and opportunities facing his country in 2015. There are obviously many issues that fall into both cat-egories. 
When it comes to challenges, there is 
the need for the government to do all it can to protect and assume responsi-bility for members of a long-suffering religious minority group, the Rohingya, thousands of whom have been forced to take to the high seas on dangerous makeshift vessels to escape persecution. There is the longstanding need for the government to continue its work with other ethnic minorities toward a permanent peace agreement that calls for political settlements in order to end a conflict as old as the modern Burmese State itself. Then there is the need for a constitutional reform to enhance civilian control of the military, along with more progress on efforts to protect liberties, such as freedom of the press, freedom of ex-pression, freedom of conscience, and 
freedom of assembly. 
Those are just a few of the challenges 
facing Burma in 2015. But it is also true that Burma has come a long way from where it was just a few years ago. Re-form has been offered, change has oc-curred, and considering the conditions within Burma when reform began, this is no small achievement. That is why there are opportunities as well. 
The parliamentary election that will 
be held later this year represents a clear opportunity to demonstrate how far Burma has progressed. There are some encouraging signs that the elec-tion will be more credible, more inclu-sive, and more transparent than what we have seen in the past in that coun-try. Unlike recent Burmese elections, international election monitors have been permitted to observe. By and large, the work of the Union Election Commission has been encouraging thus far, especially as it relates to serious efforts to modernize the voter roles and to make it easier to run for office. And our Embassy, under the capable leader-ship of Ambassador Derek Mitchell, has been engaged in the process as well. 
These are all positive signs, but it is 
going to take a sustained commitment by President Thein Sein’s government to ensure that as free and fair an elec-tion as possible takes place this fall be-cause for all of the positive change we have seen in recent years, it is obvious that Burma still has much further to go. There are signs that its political re-form effort has begun to falter, which is worrying for all of us who care about the Burmese people. 
It doesn’t mean Burmese officials 
can’t turn things around. I believe they can, which is what I indicated to the speaker when I met with him. I believe there is still time before the next crit-ical test of Burma’s slow democratic development this autumn. 
There may still be time to amend the 
Constitution, for instance, to ensure that it promotes rather than inhibits Burma’s democratic development. It is hard to claim democratic legitimacy with a Constitution that unreasonably limits who can run for President or that effectively locks in a parliamen-tary veto for the military. 
At the very least, the six-party talks 
we have seen between President Thein Sein, Shwe Mann, opposition leader Daw Aung Sang Suu Kyi, the military, ethnic groups, and others certainly represent progress. They should con-tinue in a sustained fashion. 
I also hope to see further progress on 
the draft national ceasefire reached be-tween the Burmese Government and representatives from 16 ethnic groups in March. 
Those of us who follow Burma want 
the country to succeed. We want it to succeed in carrying out a transparent, inclusive, and credible election on a broad scale. We know this standard goes far beyond simply holding an elec-tion without mass casualties or vio-lence. It needs to be more than just 
holding an election without mass cas-ualties or violence. It means the lead- up to the election must be transparent, inclusive, and credible, too. It means there should not be political favoritism shown by the state or its media organs. It means freedom of expression of the press and a peaceful assembly must be ensured. It means citizens must be al-lowed to register and to vote without harassment, and it means they must be granted equal opportunities to orga-nize, to campaign, and to participate fully in the electoral process without fear and violence. 
These basic standards of fairness are 
minimum goals Burmese officials must strive toward. If the Burmese Govern-ment gets this right, if it ensures a transparent, inclusive, and credible election, with results accepted by com-peting parties, that would go a long way toward reassuring Burma’s friends around the globe that it remains com-mitted to political reform. But if we end up with an election not accepted by the Burmese people as reflecting their will, it will make further normal-ization of relations—at least as it con-cerns the legislative branch of our gov-ernment—much more difficult. 
For example, such an outcome would 
likely hinder further enhancement of U.S.-Burma economic ties and mili-tary-to-military relations. Further, an erosion of congressional confidence in Burma’s reform efforts would also make it more difficult for the execu-tive branch to include Burma in the Generalized System of Preferences pro-gram or to enhance political military relations. 
So these are some of the most press-
ing challenges and opportunities await-ing Burma in 2015. I noted many of them in my discussion with Burma’s parliamentary speaker. 
I would close by making it clear that 
we in the United States will be watch-ing intently to see what happens in Burma in the coming months, and we are prepared to continue doing what we can to encourage more positive change in that country. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
BURMA 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I have 
watched over the last decade Senator M
CCONNELL focusing attention on 
Burma. It is remarkable the good he has done for that country. His vigi-lance in watching literally every move that government has made has been good for that country and I think good for the world, and I admire and appre-ciate the work he has done. There has not been a watchdog over any country that I am aware of who has been more intense than the senior Senator from Kentucky, keeping an eye on what goes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:11 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.001 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3733 June 4, 2015 
on in Burma. I appreciate his remarks 
today in that regard. 
f 
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, my friend 
the Republican leader can’t see the for-est for the trees when it comes to health care. I understand that. He has given many speeches denigrating ObamaCare. 
The facts are that more people are 
getting access to health care today under the Affordable Care Act than ever before. The share without insur-ance is now at an alltime low. 
The cost growth in health care has 
never been lower than it has been since ObamaCare kicked in. I was telling one of my Senator friends yesterday that when I went home during the Memorial Day recess, I had two people come to me. I know that is not a great sam-pling, but it shows how impactful the legislation has been. Both of them had children with significant challenges, physical and mental. These young men and women now have the ability to get health care. They cannot be denied in-surance because of their preexisting disability. This law that was passed not only applies to people with disabil-ities about which I have just spoken, but it applies to people with disabil-ities such as diabetes. Prior to ObamaCare, women could be charged more for their health care. So people are extremely satisfied with health care. 
The Supreme Court should under-
stand that about 7 million people who are happy with their health care and who are receiving subsidies for their in-surance to take care of themselves would lose that. They would lose those subsidies. It would be a devastating blow to 7 million people, as well as to the economy. Also, those people who don’t need subsidies benefit signifi-cantly. The people who have had in-creased premiums—my friend was very selective in whom he chose, because the people having increases are very minimal. I will have more to say about that at some subsequent time in the near future. 
ObamaCare is working. Reports out 
this week show that all the targets have been met as to people who have 
purchased insurance and they are pay-ing their premiums. So I think we should try to improve the law rather than my Republican friends contin-ually trying to talk about the failures that don’t exist. 
f 
SEQUESTRATION 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, every Sen-
ator wants to keep America safe, and that is why every Senator should be concerned about a particular threat to our national security. This threat to our national security is called seques-tration. Sequestration puts in place drastic cuts to all funding, defense and nondefense. 
The Defense authorization bill that is 
before us today doesn’t fix that—and that is a gross understatement. We 
should not start spending until we de-velop a bipartisan budget that does. That is the only responsible way to protect both our national security and America’s middle class. 
Sequestration results from what hap-
pened 4 years ago with another threat of a government shutdown because the Republicans couldn’t get their finan-cial house in order. 
The Budget Control Act of 2011 
passed. That act included a number of significant spending cuts and estab-lished a supercommittee led by Sen-ator M
URRAY and Congressman H EN-
SARLING from Texas to produce a bal-
anced, bipartisan agreement for addi-tional deficit reduction. Unfortunately, Republicans could never agree. There was a lot of this: Yes, we are almost there, we are almost there. But they could never pull the trigger and agree. There was a refusal to close a single tax loophole to reduce the deficit; not a single one could they agree on. 
So the supercommittee failed to 
reach an agreement, and the Budget Control Act triggered deep, automatic cuts. 
Sequestration was never intended to 
happen. The point was to threaten cuts so deep and so stupid that Congress would never let them happen. But never put that beyond this Republican group over the last 10 years and who are still here in Congress. They allowed this stupid thing to happen. The cuts affected both defense and nondefense programs so everyone would feel com-pelled to move it, because the cuts were equal. 
Unfortunately, what was stupid in 
2011 is now official Republican policy. Congressional Republicans incor-porated sequestration into their recent budget resolution. That resolution leaves sequestration cuts in place in parts of the budget that affect the mid-dle class, and it also directly threatens national security. There are many ex-amples of this. 
How does it affect the middle class? 
The list is really endless. It cuts in-vestments in roads, bridges, rail, and transit. That costs jobs—lots and lots of jobs, hundreds of thousands of jobs. It puts travelers at risk, and it weak-ens our economy. 
Sequestration cuts education. That 
means fewer children with a shot at going to school. If they can’t do that, they don’t have a shot at success. It means fewer Americans who can afford college. That is the way it is. It means less economic opportunity for millions of Americans. 
Sequestration cuts research. That 
means fewer chances to beat cancer, heart disease, and Alzheimer’s. As a re-sult of sequestration, the National In-stitutes of Health, the premier medical research institution in the world, was whacked by sequestration to the tune of $1.6 billion. They have never, ever gotten that money back. It stopped the finalization work done on the universal flu vaccine. The list is endless as to what they can’t do because of that 
money being lost. 
While sequestration is a dagger 
pointed at the middle class, it also rep-resents a threat to our society in many different ways. It means fewer opportu-nities for American businesses and con-sumers to benefit from cutting edge in-novations. 
Sequestration threatens cuts to the 
FBI, the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion. It means fewer FBI resources de-voted to terrorists and hunting them down. 
Sequestration threatens cuts for the 
Transportation Security Administra-tion, which helps protect us from an-other 9/11. 
Sequestration threatens cuts for fu-
sion centers, which have worked so well—these centers help law enforce-ment officials work together—and for the Coast Guard and border security of-ficials who protect Americans from dangers from abroad. 
These are cuts that are in place right 
now. 
The bill before us is designed to pro-
vide an end run around sequestration for the Department of Defense by ex-ploiting a provision that exempts from spending caps what is called the over-seas contingency operations, or OCO. We all know that OCO was put in the budget many years ago, and it was set there so we would have the money to fight wars. It is always very hard to de-termine how much wars are going to cost. We know that because we had to borrow almost $2 trillion for wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, especially in Iraq. 
But the OCO gimmick does not solve 
the problem of sequestration, and that is true. I am disappointed that even Senators who long have had a reputa-tion for fiscal honesty, such as the chairman of the Armed Services Com-mittee, my friend, are turning a blind eye to the OCO gimmick. There has not been a word from people who have had a reputation for fiscal honesty—not a word—about this gimmick. 
The Department of Defense says it 
won’t work. It is just a 1-year gim-mick, and that will make it impossible for military leaders to prepare for threats we face in the future. 
The OCO gimmick does nothing for 
agencies that protect us here at home, such as, as I have indicated, the FBI and even the Department of Homeland Security. That leaves all Americans vulnerable to attacks if they don’t get the resources they need. 
So until we reach a balanced, bipar-
tisan agreement on the budget—an agreement that protects both national security and the middle class—not a single spending bill will become law. If any bill reaches the President, he will veto it. He has said so publicly many times. He should. It is critical for the middle class, and it is the only way to be fiscally responsible. We ought to budget before we spend. 
Days after letting critical national 
security tools expire on their watch, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:11 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.003 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3734 June 4, 2015 
Republicans are showing yet another 
way they can’t govern. Now we are wasting time on a bill that has no chance of becoming law—no chance. No troops will be helped by a bill that can’t be signed into law by the Presi-dent. Our military needs all the help they can get. They deserve it. 
If Republicans want to join us in sup-
porting our troops, they should start taking their responsibility to govern seriously and work with us on a De-fense bill that can actually become law to help those in our Armed Forces. 
Let’s be straight. At the moment, we 
don’t have a budget. 
Without the vote of a single Demo-
crat, Republicans approved a non-binding resolution with their own wish list. It means nothing. The budget means nothing. There was a lot of back-slapping here: Oh, it is a great budget; we are going to balance the budget. But everyone knows that is just a farce. 
Until both parties join together, the 
government does not have a budget to actually guide decisionmaking. We need one. 
This is not rocket science. After all, 
budgeting for the Federal Government is not all that different than budgeting for a family. If two spouses are trying to resolve differences over their own budget, would it be responsible for one spouse to go out and buy a new car on credit? We all know the answer to that—no. It is the same here in Wash-ington. Shouldn’t we agree on a budget first and spend later? That is not ask-ing too much, I don’t believe. 
We don’t need political theater and 
meaningless votes on bills that are going nowhere. We don’t need another manufactured crisis. We just need to sit down, get real, and fix sequestra-tion in a way that protects both na-tional security and the middle class. They go together. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 1735, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropria-
tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
McCain amendment No. 1463, in the nature 
of a substitute. 
McCain amendment No. 1456 (to amend-
ment No. 1463), to require additional infor-mation supporting long-range plans for con-struction of naval vessels. Reed amendment No. 1521 (to amendment 
No. 1463), to limit the availability of amounts authorized to be appropriated for overseas contingency operations pending re-lief from the spending limits under the Budg-et Control Act of 2011. 
Portman amendment No. 1522 (to amend-
ment No. 1463), to provide additional amounts for procurement and for research, development, test, and evaluation for Stryker Lethality Upgrades, and to provide an offset. 
Reed (for Bennet) amendment No. 1540 (to 
amendment No. 1463), to require the Comp-troller General of the United States to brief and submit a report to Congress on the ad-ministration and oversight by the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs of contracts for the design and construction of major medical fa-cility projects. 
Cornyn amendment No. 1486 (to amend-
ment No. 1463), to require reporting on en-ergy security issues involving Europe and the Russian Federation, and to express the sense of Congress regarding ways the United States could help vulnerable allies and part-ners with energy security. 
Reed (for Shaheen) amendment No. 1494 (to 
amendment No. 1463), to revise the definition of spouse for purposes of veterans benefits in recognition of new State definitions of spouse. 
Tillis amendment No. 1506 (to amendment 
No. 1463), to provide for the stationing of C– 130 H aircraft avionics previously modified by the Avionics Modernization Program (AMP) in support of daily training and con-tingency requirements for Airborne and Spe-cial Operations Forces. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will be 30 minutes equally divided in the usual form. 
The Senator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, it is my 
understanding that there will be a vote at 10:15 a.m.; is that correct? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There 
will be 30 minutes of debate prior to the vote. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. I thank the Chair. 
Mr. President, I just listened to the 
words of the Senate minority leader concerning his views on an authoriza-tion bill—not an appropriations bill, not a funding bill but an authorization bill. I would hope the minority leader and, frankly, my colleague and friend, Senator R
EID, would pay attention to 
what is going on in the world today. 
I refer to the Washington Post this 
morning and an article entitled ‘‘Dead-ly fighting tests truce in Ukraine.’’ 
As many of us predicted, Vladmir 
Putin will continue his aggression and dismemberment of the European na-tion for the first time in 70 years. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the article entitled ‘‘Deadly fighting tests truce in Ukraine’’ be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Washington Post, June 4, 2015] 
DEADLY FIGHTING TESTS TRUCE IN UKRAINE  
(By Karoun Demirjian) 
MOSCOW .—Continued skirmishes between 
pro-Russian rebels and government forces in eastern Ukraine escalated Wednesday into the first major battle in months, leaving at least 18 dead and further threatening a ten-uous cease-fire agreement signed in Feb-
ruary. 
Both sides traded accusations about who 
had started the fighting in Marinka, a sub-urb of Donetsk on the government-held side of the cease-fire line. Separatists reported 15 dead, and three Ukrainian soldiers were killed, according to a Facebook post by Yuriy Biryukov, an adviser to Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko. 
‘‘They tried to move forward. The Ukrain-
ian military are repelling all attacks, and the situation is under control,’’ Col. Andriy Lysenko, a spokesman for Ukraine’s Na-tional Security and Defense Council, said at a news conference Wednesday in Kiev. ‘‘Marinka and Krasnohorivka are under our control.’’ 
But the head of the separatists’ militia 
said they were only defending themselves against an assault by the pro-Kiev forces. 
‘‘Trying to announce that we are storming 
Marinka—this is a provocation by Kiev,’’ said Vladimir Kononov, the militias’ top de-fense official. ‘‘We already are in Marinka.’’ 
Since February, top diplomats from the 
United States and Europe have participated in several rounds of shuttle diplomacy aimed at settling the conflict and persuading the rebels and the government to fully imple-ment the peace agreement signed in Minsk, Belarus. 
Last month, U.S. Secretary of State John 
F. Kerry and Assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland made back-to-back trips to Russia, urging that country’s leaders to use their influence over the separatists in east-ern Ukraine to push them to parley with Kiev. Groups from both sides were supposed to conclude an opening round of talks in Ukraine this week to address various points of contention. 
Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy 
Yatsenyuk accused Russia on Wednesday of intentionally undermining the peace process and ordering pro-Russian separatists in Ukraine ‘‘to start a military operation.’’ 
The surge in violence also comes as West-
ern nations are gearing up for this weekend’s Group of Seven summit in Germany—an as-sembly of nations from which Russia was ousted when it annexed Crimea last year. 
That annexation happened after the upper 
house of the Russian parliament met in an emergency session to give President Vladi-mir Putin the authority to send troops abroad. 
On Wednesday, the speaker of the upper 
house told lawmakers that there may be cause to hold a similar emergency session soon but did not give a specific reason for the warning. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Perhaps the minority 
leader and others have missed this arti-cle: ‘‘Syria likely used chlorine gas in recent bombing raids, rights group says.’’ 
A prominent human rights group accused 
the Syrian government Wednesday of using toxic chemicals during a recent surge in at-tacks involving barrel bombs on rebel-held areas in northern Syria. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that this article be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Washington Post, June 4, 2015] 
SYRIA LIKELY USEDCHLORINE GAS IN RECENT  
BOMBING RAIDS, RIGHTS GROUP SAYS 
(By Hugh Naylor) 
BEIRUT .—A prominent human rights group 
accused the Syrian government Wednesday of using toxic chemicals during a recent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:11 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.005 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3735 June 4, 2015 
surge in attacks involving barrel bombs on 
rebel-held areas in northern Syria. 
Human Rights Watch said chlorine gas was 
probably used in at least three bombing raids that targeted Idlib province in April and last month, after the area fell to a powerful new rebel coalition. That coalition and other in-surgent groups have recently inflicted heavy losses on the regime of President Bashar al- Assad in the north and east of Syria. 
Assad’s government has been accused by 
Western countries of using chemical weapons over the course of the four-year conflict, in-cluding an attack involving sarin gas in 2013 that killed hundreds of people in a suburb of the capital. 
Regime opponents and activists allege that 
Assad’s forces have punished residents in rebel-controlled areas with barrages of the crude bombs, which are built from oil barrels or gas cylinders and can be filled with toxic chemicals such as chlorine gas. Barrel bombs have been dropped by regime helicopters and airplanes on residential areas, hospitals and markets, killing thousands of civilians, ac-cording to human rights groups. 
Another group said two barrel bombings on 
Wednesday killed at least 24 people, includ-ing children, in Idlib and rebel-held areas of Aleppo province. The British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said that it expected the death toll to climb from those attacks. 
In its Wednesday report, Human Right 
Watch said evidence indicates that three at-tacks in April and May on towns in Idlib in-volved barrel bombs containing toxic chemi-cals. The group was unable to confirm the exact toxin used in the attacks, which it said killed two people and affected 127. But it cited chlorine as the likely culprit based on interviews with first responders and doctors, as well as an examination of photographs and videos. 
The total number of attacks involving 
chlorine gas during that time is probably much higher, according to the report, which was released to coincide with the U.N. Secu-rity Council’s regular monthly meeting on chemical weapons in Syria. Citing evidence provided by doctors in Idlib, the group said 24 suspected chlorine gas attacks were car-ried out between May 16 and May 19, killing at least nine people and affecting over 500. 
‘‘While Security Council members delib-
erate over next steps at a snail’s pace, toxic chemicals are raining down on civilians in Syria,’’ Philippe Bolopion, Human Rights Watch’s U.N. and crisis advocacy director, said in a statement. 
He said the Security Council should impose 
sanctions for the attacks. 
In 2013, the Syrian government agreed to a 
deal brokered by the United States and Rus-sia to eliminate its chemical weapons arse-nal, forestalling potential U.S. airstrikes. The Syrian government, which denies using chemical weapons, agreed to join the Organi-zation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weap-ons (OPCW) as part of the agreement. 
Last month, reports emerged that OPCW 
inspectors found traces of sarin and VX nerve agent at a military research site in Syria, raising suspicion that the government had not eliminated its chemical weapons stockpiles. 
Mr. M CCAIN. On the front page of the 
New York Times this morning: ‘‘ISIS Making Political Gains, Group Stakes Claim As Protector of Sunnis.’’ 
Ideologically unified, the Islamic State is 
emerging as a social and political movement in many Sunni areas, filling a void in the ab-sence of solid national identity and security. At the same time, it responds brutally to any other Sunni group, militant or civilian, that poses a challenge to its supremacy. That dual strategy, purporting to rep-
resent Sunni interests and attacking any group that vies to play the same role, has al-lowed it to grow in the face of withering air-strikes. 
In the news yesterday: 
ISIS has closed off a dam to the north of 
Ramadi, cutting water supplies to pro-gov-ernment towns downstream and making it easier for its fighters to attack government forces. ISIS militants are opening only two or three of the dam’s 26 gates on the Euphra-tes River, denying water to numerous cities and using water as a critical weapon to gain more influence and territory. 
‘‘Iraq: ISIS fighters close Ramadi 
dam gates, cut off water to loyalist towns,’’ that was on CNN. 
‘‘President Hassan Rouhani stated on 
Tuesday that,’’ according to Reuters, ‘‘‘The Iranian nation and government will remain at the side of the Syrian nation and government until the end of the road.’ He also pledged to send rein-forcements in backing Bashar al- Assad.’’ 
‘‘U.S.: Shiite Fighters in Iraq Are a 
Necessary, if Unlikely, Ally’’ 
Retired Marine Gen. John Allen, said the 
militias have an important role to play in liberating Anbar, so long as they ‘‘take com-mand from the central authority.’’ 
‘‘Embedding U.S. forces can help in-
ject energy into leadership develop-ment of new and weaker Iraqi com-manders. . . . ’’ 
AFP Beirut: ‘‘Iraq, Iran fighters de-
ployed to defend Damascus.’’ 
Thousands of Iranian and Iraqi forces have 
been deployed in Syria in past weeks to bol-ster the defences of Damascus and its sur-roundings, a Syrian security force told AFP on Wednesday. 
Iran’s official news agency IRNA quoted 
elite Revolutionary Guards General Qassem Soleimani as saying ‘‘in the coming days the world will be surprised by what we are pre-paring, in cooperation with Syrian military leaders.’’ 
I point out to my colleagues, Qassem 
Soleimani is the guy who sent the cop-per-tipped IEDs into Iraq that killed hundreds of marines and soldiers and also was seen prominently in Baghdad and other parts of Iraq leading the Shi-ite militias. 
Some of that is complicated. Some of 
it is impossible to make up. 
Finally, the New York Times article 
on June 2: ‘‘Assad’s Forces May Be Aid-ing New ISIS Surge.’’ 
Building on recent gains in Iraq and Syria, 
Islamic State militants are marching across northern Syria toward Aleppo, Syria’s larg-est city, helped along, their opponents say, by the forces of President Bashar al-Assad. 
Finally, ‘‘Exclusive: Syrian Rebels 
Backing Out of U.S. Fight Vs. ISIS.’’ 
Syrian rebels are backing out be-
cause they are not being protected by the United States of America and being barrel-bombed. 
So I will not even go into the crisis 
in the Far East, where China is now militarizing islands in international waters. 
So here we are arguing about the way 
the authorization for America’s defense is funded, and the minority leader just announced they would take a stand be-cause they don’t like the way it is 
funded. I don’t like the way it is fund-ed. But don’t those who are in opposi-tion to this have some sense of reality as to what is going on in the world; that if we don’t authorize the ability to defend this Nation and its national se-curity interests—which in the words of Henry Kissinger before the Armed Services Committee, ‘‘The world has not seen more crises since the end of World War II.’’ 
I say, with respect to my good friend 
Senator R
EID, haven’t you got your pri-
orities skewed? Don’t you understand this is an authorization bill? Don’t you understand that if you want to fight, fight it on appropriations? Don’t you understand—I am sure you do—that this is about the welfare and benefit of the men and women who are serving? 
I am as opposed to sequestration as 
anybody. I have watched the hearings on the Senate Armed Services Com-mittee, where the military leaders have said sequestration is putting the lives of the men and women serving in uniform in greater danger. That should be enough alone, but we are playing the hand we are dealt. That fight should not take place on an authoriza-tion bill. 
This authorizes reforms of the Pen-
tagon. This authorizes reforms of the retirement system, which is long over-due. It authorizes our ability to ac-quire the weapons and training which are necessary to defend this Nation. It doesn’t fund them. It doesn’t fund them; it authorizes them. 
After intense hearings, months and 
months of hearings, debate, work in the Senate Armed Services Committee, we have come up with a product that I am extremely proud of. 
I understand my friend from Rhode 
Island will be proposing an amendment later on to nullify the funding of OCO, which would then, by the way, have the effect of reducing the funding and au-thorization rather dramatically and cancel many vitally needed programs, equipment, and training for the men and women who are serving in the mili-tary. That is fine, but that will be de-feated. 
Once it is defeated, I hope and pray 
we will then move forward with the amendment process, which has been ab-sent for the last 2 years—totally absent for the last 2 years—and not—for the first time in 53 years—not pass a De-fense authorization bill through the Congress of the United States. For 53 years, through Democratic and Repub-lican majorities, through liberal and conservative, we have authorized. We have authorized because our highest re-sponsibility is the security of this Na-tion. 
I urge all of my colleagues, if we 
want to have this fight, have it on the appropriations bill, the money bill. This is authorization. For you to dis-tort it in some way and to equate it with a funding mechanism, in my view, is intellectual sophistry. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.002 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3736 June 4, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
ROUNDS ). The Senator from Rhode Is-
land. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Arizona is correct, every uni-formed Chief of service came before us and said the greatest crisis facing the military process was sequestration, the Budget Control Act, and they asked us to change it, and we didn’t change it. 
If we are going to change it, then we 
have to make every effort and take every step to make those changes, and that is the point I have tried to raise in this committee—not by eliminating the funds available to the military but by making these funds subject to re-sponsible action with following the re-quest of the defense officials to elimi-nate sequestration. I think we should do it as soon as possible. If we don’t take every opportunity to make that case and every action possible to make that case, then we will be essentially rejecting the advice of our senior mili-tary leaders. 
Suggesting that this bill is somehow 
so totally disconnected to the appro-priations process is belied by the title of the bill. This is an act to authorize appropriations for the fiscal year 2016 for the military activities for the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, the defense activities in the Department of Energy. We are directly linked to the appropriations process. In the ideal world, the one that we au-thorize and would like to see, nothing can be appropriated, no dime can be spent, unless we have authorized it. 
What we have done, effectively, in 
the bill—and I think it is not because it is the chairman’s first choice but be-cause it was the only available option given the budget resolution—is that we have taken the overseas contingency account, bolstered it up dramatically, and set a new sort of pathway, which next year, unless we resolve this issue of the Budget Control Act, we will come back again with more money— and the following year. 
Also, as has been pointed out, we will 
have situations where we will find some very strange things happening in our OCO account, because we can’t fund legitimate concerns of the govern-ment in other areas because of caps. That is essentially what happened in the eighties. That is why we have a sig-nificant amount of medical research money in the Department of Defense— not because the Department of Defense does it but because that was the only available option in the eighties and nineties to get money to where we thought we would need it. 
I think the other issue here, too, is 
very implicit in our activity, which is that this bill is aimed at the Depart-ment of Defense and the military ac-tivities of the Department of Energy. Our national security is much more than that. The chairman read quite ac-curately reports about activity in the world, but up my way, in Roslindale, MA, there was an alleged terrorist who was confronted by an FBI agent and a Massachusetts police officer. That is 
the kind of terrorism a lot of people are concerned about, and if we seques-ter and cut off funding for the Depart-ment of Justice and the FBI and the Customs Service, et cetera, we will see this threat growing. So this is about a broader view, a wider view, and the overall mass security of the United States. 
I know we have some votes pending, 
and I would like to go ahead and allow for my colleague to speak. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent for 5 additional minutes—the vote was scheduled at a quarter after—an additional 5 minutes in order to allow 3 minutes for the Sen-ator from Colorado and 3 minutes for the other Senator from Colorado. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Colorado. Mr. BENNET. I thank the Senator 
from Arizona for that additional time and for his commitment and the rank-ing member’s commitment to our na-tional security. I deeply appreciate it. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1540 
Mr. President, I would like to talk 
briefly about amendment 1540, which the Senate will consider shortly. I am here with my colleague Senator G
ARD-
NERfrom Colorado. We are here on this 
bipartisan amendment to require the Government Accounting Office to audit the way the Veterans’ Administration constructs major medical facilities and help identify exactly where the money went on some of these projects. 
The Veterans’ Administration is 
building several major medical facili-ties across the country, including one in Aurora, CO. 
The project in Colorado has been 
grossly mismanaged leading to exces-sive cost overruns. Other projects across the country have had similar problems for years. For years, our dele-gation and practically anyone who has been involved with the Aurora project—almost anybody who has driv-en by the Aurora project has pushed the VA to acknowledge that there is actually a problem and to come up with a plan to fix it. Unfortunately, the VA has so far failed to do this, and veterans across the Rocky Mountain region have continued to wait for this new medical center. 
We should ensure and must ensure 
that the mistakes on the Aurora project never happen again, but we all concluded that with greater account-ability and transparency the right thing to do is to move forward and complete this critical facility. 
As many of us have experienced up 
here, imposing accountability and transparency on an enormous Federal bureaucracy is elusive and com-plicated. The GAO has the necessary expertise to identify realistic, hard re-forms and to make them stick. 
We have to hold the VA accountable 
to our taxpayers so we can move for-ward to give the Rocky Mountain re-gion’s veterans the care they need. The VA and Congress are going to have to 
work together to get this project back on track. Finding the money to do this will be painful. It will be difficult, which is why we need to ensure that we account for every dollar that has been spent. But failing to complete this hos-pital is not an option. It would be a broken promise. Having a half-finished hospital in Colorado would be a na-tional disgrace, and on behalf of our veterans, we cannot allow it to happen. It would be a disservice—worse than a disservice—a broken promise of the worst kind to the hundreds of thou-sands of veterans across the Rocky Mountain region and throughout the United States. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment. I wish to express my grat-itude to my colleague from Colorado, Senator G
ARDNER , for joining me on 
this important amendment. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Colorado. 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I, too, 
echo the thanks to my colleague from Colorado, Senator B
ENNET , for his lead-
ership on this effort. It is time that we take the VA hospital from the thorn of the VA system to the crown of the VA system, which we know it will be once it is completed. But in the meantime, there is a tremendous amount of work we have to do. I would like to thank the chairman of the Armed Services Committee for allowing this time today on the floor. 
I would note that there are four 
Members of this body who have actu-ally visited the facility in Denver in re-cent months. The Presiding Officer has witnessed this hole in the ground right now that has already spent hundreds of millions of dollars, projected to be $1.73 billion at this point. 
We have talked about the need to 
complete it and have committed to that need to finish this project, along with the chairman of the Veterans’ Committee, who has joined us on the floor today, Senator I
SAKSON , who is 
here today with us, who is in support of this amendment to bring more ac-countability to the VA system so that we can understand what went wrong when they were building not only the Aurora facility but what went wrong around the country as project after project has seen cost overruns and delays. 
Veterans gathered this past week in 
Colorado to rally to finish the darn thing. We have a Veterans’ Administra-tion that time and time again has failed to take into account the nec-essary measures and policies to fix it and to prevent it from ever happening again. With this amendment, we can start to find out where they went wrong and to hold them accountable. When the only person who has been fired is the person who said we were going to have a problem, there is some-thing wrong with that. 
I commend Senator B
ENNET for his 
leadership on fixing this problem, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:11 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.009 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3737 June 4, 2015 
building the hospital, and giving our 
veterans what they were promised. 
I thank the Presiding Officer for his 
time today. I thank the chairman of the committee for enduring this con-versation this morning. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who 
yields time? 
FLOOR PRIVILEGES  
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I have a 
list of staff members of the Committee on Armed Services and I ask unani-mous consent that those staffers on the list be granted the privilege of the floor at all times during the Senate’s consid-eration of and votes relating to H.R. 1735, the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for fiscal year 2016. 
The list is as follows: 
Barker, Adam; Barney, Steven; Bennett, 
Jody; Borawski, June; Brewer, Leah; Brose, Christian; Chuhta, Carolyn; Clark, Jon; Clark, Samantha; Davis, Lauren; Donovan, Matt; Edelman, Kathryn; Edwards, Allen; Epstein, Jonathan; Everett, Elizabeth; Goel, Anish; Goffus, Tom; Greene, Creighton; Greenwalt, Bill; Guzelsu, Ozge; Hayes, Jer-emy; Hickey, James; Howard, Gary; Kerber, Jackie; King, Elizabeth; Kuiken, Mike. 
Leeling, Gary; Lehman, John; Lerner, Dan-
iel; Lilly, Greg; McConnell, Kirk; McNamara, Maggie; Monahan, Bill; Nicolas, Natalie; Noblet, Mike; Patout, Brad; Potter, Jason; Quirk, John; Salmon, Diem; Sawyer, Brendan; Sayers, Eric; Scheunemann, Leah; Seraphin, Arun; Soofer, Rob; Sterling, Cord; Waisanen, Robert; Walker, Barry; Walker, Dustin; Wheelbarger, Katie; White, Jennifer. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Rhode Island. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1522 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, the amend-
ment pending before us now is the Portman amendment proposed by the Senator from Ohio. We spoke about it yesterday. 
First, let me recognize that he is try-
ing to assist the Army in modernizing the Stryker, which is a very critical piece of equipment. But I want to reit-erate some of the concerns I have about the amendment. I know Senator P
ORTMAN will be here shortly to make 
a final comment on the amendment. The amendment would add $371 million of funding for procurement, research, and development of the lethality up-grade to the Stryker program. 
I do not have to tell anyone around 
here that we are in a very tough budget situation. We have to look very closely at every request. The traditional way it is done is that there will be in the President’s budget the request by the service department, including the De-partment of Army, and then the Army will submit an unfunded requirements list—those priority elements that have not made the cut, if you will, in the President’s budget. That was done in March. I understand that this whole re-quirement for the Stryker lethality up-grade came in in April. There is an issue of unfortunate timing. But, nev-ertheless, because we did not have the opportunity to look at this as part of the overall unfunded requirements list—nor the Army, for that matter— 
we really do not have a sense of the priority. Is this the most important program that we can invest $371 mil-lion in at this moment for the benefit of the Army? Therefore, I am very con-cerned that we are sort of moving for-ward without full and careful analysis both by the Department of the Army and by the committee, and we need, at this particular moment, this difficult 
time, to have that type of analysis. 
The other issue here, too, is that this 
is the first step in a multiyear process. We are not quite sure how much addi-tional funding will be needed over the next several years. It is clear from the Army that additional funding will be needed. 
So we are at this time, without the 
usual review by the Army and by the committee, committing ourselves, per-haps, to significant funding going for-ward. The present estimate is that it will cost $3.8 million per vehicle. The plan is to upgrade about 81 vehicles. But it is something that, again, could be more expensive and will commit us over several years. 
The funding—the vast majority of 
it—is going to be dedicated to one plant in a single State. Indeed, I think, generally and appropriately, it is a concern of the Senator from Ohio be-cause most of the work will be done in Ohio. I think, again, he should be com-mended for being interested in what is happening in his home State. 
So I appreciate the demand, but I 
just do not think this has gone through the process sufficiently enough for us to make that type of commitment today on the floor, and I will be oppos-ing it right now. 
I would also point out two other fac-
tors. First, the Army has the capa-bility going forward, if this program becomes so critical and they raise it to the highest priority, to request a repro-graming of funds, to move money from one less significant priority to this pro-gram. That is an option they have, and that is an option they may well choose to use, but it will only be after their careful consideration of the other pri-orities that are facing the Army. I think that is a better way to do it. 
The other factor I would point out is 
that the pay-for for this program is the foreign currency account. Basically, that is a hedge within the Department of Defense for their international transactions and the value of the U.S. dollar versus other currency. Well, the dollar is strong, and so there appears to be additional excess funds in that account, but currency over the next year could change dramatically. We have already put significant pressure on this supposed excess funding. We have reduced by about $550 million the request that the Department of De-fense has made for this hedge fund, if you will, against currency changes in the world going forward in their acqui-sition process. I know the House has used more. But I think we have been careful not to try to put too much weight on this account. So for all of these reasons, I would 
urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. Later, there will be an op-portunity for the Department of the Army to reprogram funds if it is nec-essary. 
I think this should have been done in 
the context of a careful review of all their priorities so we know exactly where it stands. Again, I think we are putting too much pressure on this cur-rency account. It might turn out to evaporate these supposed savings. 
I yield the floor since I see the Sen-
ator from Ohio has arrived. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, yes-
terday I talked about an amendment that is absolutely crucial that we in-clude in this legislation. Again, I com-mend the chairman, Senator M
CCAIN, 
and the ranking member, Senator R
EED, for their work on this underlying 
bill. But there is something missing, and it is very clear to everybody who is looking at this issue objectively, par-ticularly what is going on right now on the eastern border of Ukraine. We do not have the ability in Europe, because we have pulled our armored units out, to say with credibility that we have the capacity to address the very real challenge now, unfortunately, that is emerging in Europe. 
Last night, as some of you know, 
Russian and separatist forces launched an offensive again. I am told it is the largest attack since the February Minsk agreement. So this is just what so many people predicted, including President Poroshenko and others in Ukraine, which is that things are heat-ing up again on the eastern border of Ukraine. The NATO forces—the United States of American in particular—need to be sure they have in Europe the abil-ity to at least have some credibility to say they can respond to this. 
We have moved our armored units 
out, meaning there are not Abrams tanks there, except for a few units that were up in the Baltics on a temporary basis this spring. I visited them a cou-ple of months ago. They are doing a terrific job, but they are leaving. 
What the Army has said is, we want 
to allow our troops who are there to be able to up-armor, particularly with a weapon—a 30-millimeter cannon rather than a .50-caliber machine gun—on our Stryker vehicles to be able to have some credibility there, to be able to say that we have armored units in Eu-rope that can respond to these new challenges. The Army has asked for this. The Army wants this. They are pleading for it because the soldiers who are there know they will not be able to perform their mission without this en-hanced capability. 
We had this debate yesterday on the 
floor. I do not think Senator R
EEDand 
other Democrats necessarily disagree with the substance of this amendment. What they have said is they are con-cerned about the pay-for. Well, let’s talk about the pay-for. The pay-for is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.010 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3738 June 4, 2015 
taking this out of an account that is 
already being used for other purposes. It is already being used by the House Armed Services Committee. In fact, the House Armed Services Committee has already taken more funds out of this account than all of the funds in the SASC committee, the Senate com-mittee, plus this amount that I believe ought to be taken out of this account. This is called the foreign currency fluc-tuation account at the Department of Defense. 
GAO, which is the body that looks at 
these issues from our perspective, from a legislative branch perspective—they are the auditors—GAO has estimated that the Pentagon will have $1.86 bil-lion in surplus from these fluctuations by the end of fiscal year 2016. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent for 3 additional minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. PORTMAN. So GAO has looked 
at this. They have said there will be $1.86 billion in surplus in these fluctua-tion accounts at the end of fiscal year 2016. They have actually updated their figures now with even more recent data, and they have just adjusted the 2016 surplus even higher to $2.02 billion. No one has produced a currency projec-tion to counter this GAO estimate. So we are talking about over $2 billion in this account that is available. 
By the way, the money we are talk-
ing about here is not going to be taken and used for other readiness priorities because the SASC bill has already swept up that money for readiness. This money will be sitting in a reserve fund. The Pentagon does not need to be sitting on this size of a reserve fund— essentially a slush fund—when we do have these needs that have been identi-fied. The Army has made a formal re-quest for these. They have asked for as-sistance here. These deployed units need this assistance. They said they need it. We ought to put this to good use—namely, for an urgent require-ment like this one. 
Again, if you look at the House bill 
versus the Senate bill, the House has used more of this funding in this re-serve fund, this slush fund, than we have used even when you include this additional requirement I am talking about today. 
So this notion that somehow we can-
not do this because the offset is not good—it just does not make any sense. It does not fit with what GAO has said, and it does not fit with what the House has done. So I do not know what the objection is, but I tell you what—if you vote against this, then you are saying that our troops in Europe ought not to have the capability that they have asked for, that they need. 
Admittedly, this came late. I am 
sorry about that. It should have come with it sooner. This was a requirement they had identified, but they had iden-tified needing it later by 2020. Now, 
they need it now, and they need it now because the situation has changed in Europe. 
We have to be flexible to be able to 
respond to that change. If we wait an-other 12 months, another year to do this, who knows what is going to hap-pen. But I know one thing, having been in Eastern Europe recently, I know those countries of Eastern Europe and, in fact, those countries on the Euro-pean Continent—our NATO partners, in particular, but also Ukraine—are look-ing to the United States of America to show that the commitment we have made on paper, to ensure we have that commitment in terms of our capability on the ground in Europe. 
Again, this is an issue where I think 
we should come together as Democrats and Republicans. It is a bipartisan amendment. I commend Senator P
ETERS for identifying this need with 
the Army. 
I understand Senator R EED’s concern 
that this came late in the process, but it is here. The request has been made. I would sure hope we would be able to come together today, given what is happening right now on the eastern border of Ukraine, to ensure that we send a strong message that, at a min-imum, we are going to meet these re-quirements that the Army has insisted they need to be able to give our troops what they need to be able to keep the peace in this important part of the world. 
I thank the Presiding Officer for the 
time. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. 
I yield back the remainder of my 
time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, again, I 
recognize the way that the Senator from Ohio is articulating a need of the military. The question is how high the priority is. 
Just one point I wish to make is that 
we do understand acutely the crisis in the Crimea, et cetera. The availability of this equipment would not be instan-taneous. It would take many months to do the upgrade, to do the evaluations, et cetera. 
Again, I think the best approach 
would be to allow the Department of the Army to make a judgment, to re-program, if necessary, and to get this moving. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the question occurs on agreeing to amendment No. 1522, of-fered by the Senator from Ohio, Mr. P
ORTMAN . 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask 
for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the 
Senator from Nevada (Mr. H ELLER ), 
and the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from California (Mrs. B OXER ) 
and the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) are necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
FISCHER ). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 61, 
nays 34, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 202 Leg.] 
YEAS—61 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Cantwell Capito Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi 
Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley Hatch Heinrich Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson King Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Murray 
Paul Perdue Peters Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—34 
Baldwin 
Blumenthal Booker Brown Cardin Carper Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heitkamp Kaine 
Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Nelson Reed Reid 
Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Tester Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—5 
Boxer 
Graham Heller 
Rubio Warner 
The amendment (No. 1522) was agreed 
to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 1540 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the question now occurs on amendment No. 1540, offered by the Senator from Rhode Island, Mr. R
EED, for Mr. B ENNET . 
If there is no further debate, the 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. 
The amendment was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1473 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1463 
Mr. VITTER. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment in order to call up amendment No. 1473. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Louisiana [Mr. V ITTER ] 
proposes an amendment numbered 1473 to amendment No. 1463. 
Mr. VITTER. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.012 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3739 June 4, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To limit the retirement of Army 
combat units) 
On page 38, line 12, insert after ‘‘ FIGHTER  
AIRCRAFT ’’ the following: ‘‘ AND ARMY COMBAT  
UNITS ’’. 
On page 43, between lines 3 and 4, insert 
the following: 
(e) M INIMUM NUMBER OF ARMY BRIGADE  
COMBAT TEAMS .—Section 3062 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(e)(1) Effective October 1, 2015, the Sec-
retary of the Army shall maintain a total number of brigade combat teams for the reg-ular and reserve components of the Army of not fewer than 32 brigade combat teams. 
‘‘(2) In this subsection, the term ‘ brigade 
combat team’ means any unit that consists of— 
‘‘(A) an arms branch maneuver brigade; ‘‘(B) its assigned support units; and ‘‘(C) its assigned fire teams’’. 
(f) L
IMITATION ON ELIMINATION OF ARMY 
BRIGADE COMBAT TEAMS .— 
(1) L IMITATION .—The Secretary of the 
Army may not proceed with any decision to reduce the number of brigade combat teams for the regular Army to fewer than 32 bri-gade combat teams. 
(2) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATION ON RETIRE -
MENT .—The Secretary may not eliminate 
any brigade combat team from the brigade combat teams of the regular Army as of the date of the enactment of this Act until the later of the following: 
(A) The date that is 30 days after the date 
on which the Secretary submits the report required under paragraph (3). 
(B) The date that is 30 days after the date 
on which the Secretary certifies to the con-gressional defense committees that— 
(i) the elimination of Army brigade combat 
teams will not increase the operational risk of meeting the National Defense Strategy; and 
(ii) the reduction of such combat teams 
does not reduce the total number of brigade combat teams of the Army to fewer than 32 brigade combat teams. 
(3) R
EPORT ON ELIMINATION OF BRIGADE COM -
BAT TEAMS .—The Secretary shall submit to 
the congressional defense committees a re-port setting forth the following: 
(A) The rationale for any proposed reduc-
tion of the total strength of the Army, in-cluding the National Guard and Reserves, below the strength provided in subsection (e) of section 3062 of title 10, United States Code (as amended by subsection (e) of this sec-tion), and an operational analysis of the total strength of the Army that dem-onstrates performance of the designated mis-sion at an equal or greater level of effective-ness as the personnel of the Army so re-duced. 
(B) An assessment of the implications for 
the Army, the Army National Guard of the United States, and the Army Reserve of the force mix ratio of Army troop strengths and combat units after such reduction. 
(C) Such other matters relating to the re-
duction of the total strength of the Army as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
(g) A
DDITIONAL REPORTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—At least 90 days before the 
date on which the total strength of the Army, including the National Guard and Re-serves, is reduced below the strength pro-vided in subsection (e) of section 3062 of title 10, United States Code (as amended by sub-section (e) of this section), the Secretary of the Army, in consultation with (where appli-cable) the Director of the Army National Guard or Chief of the Army Reserve, shall submit to the congressional defense commit-
tees a report on the reduction. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report submitted 
under paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(A) A list of each major combat unit of the 
Army that will remain after the reduction, organized by division and enumerated down to the brigade combat team-level or its equivalent, including for each such brigade combat team— 
(i) the mission it is assigned to; and (ii) the assigned unit and military installa-
tion where it is based. 
(B) A list of each brigade combat team pro-
posed for disestablishment, including for each such unit— 
(i) the mission it is assigned to; and (ii) the assigned unit and military installa-
tion where it is based. 
(C) A list of each unit affected by a pro-
posed disestablishment listed under subpara-graph (B) and a description of how such unit is affected. 
(D) For each military installation and unit 
listed under subparagraph (B)(ii), a descrip-tion of changes, if any, to the designed oper-ational capability (DOC) statement of the unit as a result of a proposed disestablish-ment. 
(E) A description of any anticipated 
changes in manpower authorizations as a re-sult of a proposed disestablishment listed under subparagraph (B). 
Mr. VITTER. Madam President, I 
will return to the floor soon to lay out more fully what this amendment does. Fundamentally, it tries to protect our force structure, our personnel and, in particular, the core component of bri-gade combat teams as the Pentagon— the Defense Department—deals with curtailed resources. 
I am very concerned, as are so many 
of us, that as defense budgets are cut, personnel and core resources in terms of end strength, including brigade com-bat teams, will suffer cuts that go well beyond fat and into meat and bone. We need to limit that. We need to avoid that. This amendment would do that with regard to brigade combat teams. 
It does not increase spending. It re-
tains as much flexibility as possible for the Department of Defense. I think it meets an important goal in a balanced and reasonable way. I look forward to continuing this discussion toward a vote in favor of this amendment. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, for 
the benefit of Members, and in agree-ment with Senator R
EED, we will be 
having the Shaheen amendment, fol-lowed by side-by-side Markey and Cor-nyn amendments. And those votes, we are planning on, but haven’t confirmed, will probably be at around 1:45 p.m., and that would complete our activities. That is not totally agreed to, but that is the plan. 
Mr. REED. Madam President, also I 
believe we anticipate taking up by voice vote the Tillis amendment. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. We will voice vote the 
Tillis amendment, and we will be look-ing, hopefully, at a manager’s package, as well. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. AMENDMENT NO . 1494 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Madam President, I 
rise to discuss amendment No. 1494, which I believe would move our Nation one step closer toward finally securing equal protection under the law for vet-erans in the United States. I thank the other cosponsors of this amendment, Senators L
EAHY , D URBIN , B ROWN , 
HIRONO , B LUMENTHAL , B ALDWIN , 
SCHATZ , PETERS , GILLIBRAND , MARKEY , 
WHITEHOUSE , COONS , WYDEN , FRANKEN , 
MURPHY , MURRAY , and B OXER . 
This amendment would end the cur-
rent prohibition on benefits for gay and lesbian veterans and their families who live in States that do not recognize same-sex marriage. My amendment is based on the Charlie Morgan Military Spouses Equal Treatment Act, which I was proud to reintroduce earlier this year. 
The bill is named for Charlie Morgan, 
a former soldier and chief warrant offi-cer in the New Hampshire National Guard and the Kentucky National Guard. Charlie was a military veteran with a career spanning more than 30 years. I first met Charlie in 2011. She was on her way home from deployment in Kuwait, and she had just been diag-nosed for a second time with breast cancer. Concerned for her wife Karen and their young daughter’s well-being, Charlie became an outspoken critic of the Defense of Marriage Act, which at the time prohibited her spouse and child from receiving the benefits that she had earned during her service. 
Sadly, Charlie did not live to see the 
Supreme Court overturn the Defense of Marriage Act in 2013. However, because of her example, her leadership, and her courageous advocacy, our Nation took another historic step toward ensuring equal treatment and civil rights for all. 
Despite the Supreme Court’s over-
turning the Defense of Marriage Act, there are still provisions remaining in the U.S. Code that deny equal treat-ment to LGBT families. One of those provisions is in title 38, which deals with veterans benefits. 
Today, if you are a gay veteran living 
in a State such as New Hampshire that recognizes same-sex marriage, your family is entitled to all the benefits you have earned through your military service. However, a veteran with the exact same status, the same service record, the same injuries, the same family obligations, but living in a State that does not recognize same-sex marriage will receive less. 
The impact of this discrimination is 
very real. Monthly benefits are less, spouses and children are not eligible for medical care at the VA, and fami-lies are not eligible for the same death benefits. 
There are even reports that the VA 
has required gay veterans to pay back benefits because their State will not recognize their marriage. In one case, a young woman—a 50-percent disabled 
combat veteran—was initially ap-proved for benefits for her wife and child but later told by the VA that be-cause of where she lived and whom she 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.014 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3740 June 4, 2015 
loved, she was not only going to lose a 
portion of her benefits but the VA was also going to withhold her future pay-ments until she paid the VA back. This is just disgraceful—to cut the benefits earned by a combat veteran and then also require that she pay back the VA, all because of whom she married and where she lives. Perhaps the most frus-trating part of this story is knowing that if this woman moved across the border to another State, she would have no problems with the VA. 
My amendment would fix this issue 
for these men and women who have volunteered to serve in our Armed Forces. They have volunteered to put themselves in harm’s way, to leave their families and their homes, and to travel around the world to protect America and our way of life. Yet they are being deprived of the very rights they have risked their lives to protect. 
So again, let’s be clear what we are 
talking about. The Supreme Court has ruled it is unconstitutional to deny Federal benefits to legally married, same-sex couples and their children. Yet, due to unrelated provisions of the Federal Code, State legislatures have the ability to indirectly deny Federal benefits to certain disabled veterans and their families solely because they are in a same-sex marriage. It is unjust and, according to the Supreme Court, it is unconstitutional. 
Now, my amendment is not new to 
the Senate. Last Congress the Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee approved it by a voice vote, and earlier this year, 57 Senators voted in favor of a budget resolution amendment on this issue. Now, when we vote—hopefully very soon on this amendment—Senators will have the opportunity to end an unjust and unconstitutional provision of law that discriminates against veterans. 
Many of us talk about the need to 
honor the service of our veterans and to make sure they have access to the care they deserve, and we should all do that. But if you believe that all vet-erans, regardless of their sexual ori-entation, deserve equal access to the benefits they have risked their lives for, regardless of where they live, then you will vote in favor of this amend-ment. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to sup-
port passage of this amendment when it comes up for a vote. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. REED. Madam President, I rise 
to commend the Senator from New Hampshire. I think one of the best indi-cations of the appropriate direction of this policy is that the Department of Defense extends benefits regardless of State law to all military personnel. Consistent with the Department of De-fense, this should be done by the De-partment of Veterans Affairs. 
So I commend the Senator. I think it 
is the right thing to do and the con-sistent thing to do and the logical thing to do. I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Madam President, I 
thank Senator R
EED, the ranking mem-
ber of the Armed Services Committee, who has a distinguished military ca-reer of his own, for his support of this effort and his understanding of how im-portant this is to so many veterans who have served. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1645 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1463 
Mr. MARKEY. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up the following amendment: Markey No. 1645. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. 
MARKEY ] proposes an amendment numbered 
1645 to amendment No. 1463. 
Mr. MARKEY. I ask unanimous con-
sent that reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To express the sense of Congress 
that exports of crude oil to United States allies and partners should not be deter-mined to be consistent with the national interest if those exports would increase en-ergy prices in the United States for Amer-ican consumers or businesses or increase the reliance of the United States on im-ported oil) 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING EX-
PORTS OF CRUDE OIL. 
It is the sense of Congress that exports of 
crude oil to allies and partners of the United States should not be determined to be con-sistent with the national interest and the purposes of the Energy Policy and Conserva-tion Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.) if those ex-ports would increase energy prices in the United States for American consumers or businesses or increase the reliance of the United States on imported oil. 
Mr. MARKEY. Madam President, 
what we are about to do is have a dis-cussion about whether the United States of America should start export-ing our oil—exporting our oil. 
The United States right now, along 
with China, is the largest importer of oil in the world. We are not exactly at but very near to the level of imports of oil in our country that we were back in 1975 when we put a ban on the expor-tation of oil in our country. 
Why is that important? It is impor-
tant for a lot of reasons. No. 1, if we begin to export our oil in the United States, a new Barclays report found that the U.S. consumer last year saved $11.4 billion at the pump because of the lowest U.S. crude prices in a long time, and we would potentially save upwards of $10 billion in prices for consumers at the pump in the United States of America. 
We understand the oil industry. Here 
is what happens. The world price is set. It is called the Brent price. The Brent 
price is the world price of oil. That price is traditionally higher, much higher than the price of crude oil in the United States that is produced in the United States. That is West Texas in-termediate. That is a price set in Cush-ing, OK. 
If you are an oil company, you want 
to get our U.S. crude out on the world market because they will then be able to sell it for a much higher price. What is wrong with that? What is wrong with that is that the American consumers will not get that oil at the lower price, and we will still have to import oil into our country because we are still short by millions of barrels of oil per day. 
The consumer in America is the one 
who will be paying this tax on their price at the pump. That is the essence of what this whole strategy is about. It is to get the oil companies the highest price for the oil which is on the world market. But who is going to pay? Who is going to have their pockets tipped upside down at the pump and have money shaken out of them so they have to pay a higher price? It will be the consumers. 
If we want to give more money to the 
defense budget, let’s just do it. Let’s have a big debate about increasing the defense budget. Let’s have that debate. But let’s not have the American con-sumer at the pump be a special tax that is imposed in order to help our al-lies overseas. Ultimately, of course, there is a beautiful access there where the oil industry is saying: Yes, sir, we are willing to put our crude oil on ships and send it overseas. 
It is just a bad, bad economic policy 
for our country. We are already paying a high price at home. This exportation of our oil would also defy what our own Department of Energy is saying. Our Department of Energy is saying that in 2020, our oil production in America is going to peak, and then we are going to begin to go down once again in our oil production. 
Who is saying this? Our Government. 
Who is saying this? The Energy Infor-mation Administration of the United States of America. What we are engag-ing in here is a premature attempt to export oil with the likelihood that by 2019 and 2020 our oil production is going to start to go down again. 
It also hurts our domestic oil refin-
ing industry. The Energy Information Administration has found that lifting this ban on the exportation of our own domestic crude could lead to a funda-mental reduction in the amount of in-vestment made by the American refin-ing industry here on our own soil. Some $9 billion less would be invested because the oil would be sent overseas. The crude oil would get refined over-seas. It would not be refined here in our own country with American work-ers and American companies doing it here on our own soil, helping our econ-omy here. 
This decision, by the way, that Mem-
bers are going to be asked to make 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.016 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3741 June 4, 2015 
today is opposed by the AFL–CIO, it is 
opposed by the steel workers, it is op-posed by the League of Conservation Voters, by the Sierra Club, by Public Citizen, and by an entire group of American refiners. 
This is no radical coalition that has 
been put together. It is a broad base of interest in our own country that wants to make America stronger. How in the world can we be strong if we are ex-porting oil while we are still importing oil? We will have to import the same amount that we are now exporting under this amendment that is being made by the Senator from Texas, and we will wind up with, ultimately, the price being paid by the American con-sumer at the pump. 
From my perspective, this is about as 
desperate an attempt as the oil indus-try can have to get out from under-neath the 1975 law. They have been looking for an opportunity. But, obvi-ously, the instability in the Middle East should make us very cautious at this time. The oil fields of Saudi Ara-bia are now very vulnerable. They are right on the border. The Houthis being supported by Iran, right at the bottom of the Red Sea, makes that juncture very vulnerable to a cutoff of oil com-ing into the world economy. This Shi-ite-Sunni war is something that we have to be very conscious of because ISIS is targeting those areas in Syria, in Iraq, and in Yemen that have oil re-sources. 
We need a big debate in our country 
about oil and war in the Middle East. We are at a pivotal point here where the Ottoman Empire and all of the lines that were drawn 100 years ago are being erased and with that the protec-tion of oil resources in the Middle East. 
We should not just have a debate on 
the Senate floor about cavalierly lift-ing the ban on the exportation of oil. We should have a debate about what this war in country after country and oil area after oil area means for our country. 
I would say to you that we should err 
in a way that is going to protect our own economy. That is what makes us strong. That is what makes it possible for us to project the power around the world. It is that we are the strongest economy in the world, and the indis-pensable life’s blood of economic growth is low-energy cost for every sin-gle industry and every single con-sumer. It puts more money in their pockets. 
This decision that the amendment of 
the Senator from Texas asks us to make will send us in the wrong direc-tion. This is a disaster for consumers in our country. It is a disaster for the refiners in our country, and it is a dis-aster for the national security of our country. We should keep our resources here at home for American families, American businesses, to enhance our national security using America and our economy as the basis for how we project power around the world. For every barrel of oil that we export, we are going to have to import another 
barrel of oil from some other place. 
We should have the debate here on 
the Senate floor about where that oil will be coming back into our country because we still need 3 million, 4 mil-lion extra barrels of oil a day. That is a national security consideration that we have to deal with. Which country are we going to call up? Which country are we going to ask to send us their oil? What are the implications for our national security of having phone calls go to country after country—probably not just the oil companies but our gov-ernment beginning new negotiations to get even more oil to come here as we export the oil that we should be keep-ing here. 
The Saudis have been our friends, 
historically. We have no guarantee that the Saudis are going to even be running that country. Let’s be honest about it. Let’s talk about that. Let’s debate it. ISIS has taken over oil fields in Syria. ISIS has taken over areas of oil production in Iraq. Let’s have a de-bate about that. That is what we should be debating. How is that oil now funding ISIS? How is that oil now being used by Iran, potentially, in Yemen and in other parts of the world to undermine American interests? 
In one part of the world, Yemen, we 
want to back the Sunnis against the Shiites. In Iran, we are backing mod-erate Sunnis against Shiites. In Iraq we are backing the Shiites against rad-ical Sunnis, trying to get moderate Sunnis to help us. All of it, by the way, is with oil as—if not the central issue, then one of—the central issues in each one of these countries. To have a reso-lution here today and to be saying that we should be exporting oil—no, ladies and gentlemen, that is not how we should be discussing this issue. 
How did we get into the Middle East? 
We got into the Middle East, yes, pro-tecting Israel, but we got in because of our addiction to oil—not my words, President Bush’s words. We have to break our dependence upon imported oil. Increasing fuel economy standards is a big part of it. Having this fracking revolution continue to produce more oil here domestically is a big part of it. Investing in renewables and energy ef-ficiency is a big part of it. But we are still at the earliest stages of this strat-egy. When we have completed it, when we know we are successful, then let’s talk about the generosity that we are going to expect from American con-sumers at the pump to pay higher prices for gasoline. 
Again, this is an issue that the Amer-
ican people overwhelmingly want to see resolved in a way that keeps Amer-ican oil in America. If we are going to continue to export young men and women from America over to the Mid-dle East, then we should not be export-ing our oil at the same time. That makes no sense—no sense. It is dis-respectful to the sacrifice young men and women are making in the Middle East in order to protect our interests to start an economic policy of export-
ing imported oil while we still need to import it. 
This issue, to me, is central to our 
overall long-term national security and economic interests, and I urge an aye vote on the amendment. 
I ask for a rollcall on the amend-
ment, Madam President. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
At the moment there is not a suffi-
cient second. 
Mr. MARKEY. Madam President, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
OBAMACARE  
Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, 
this morning, Majority Leader M CCON-
NELL spoke about the skyrocketing 
costs, the broken promises, and the re-peated failures of the President’s health care law. He pointed out specifi-cally how so many Americans are fac-ing double-digit premium increases be-cause of ObamaCare. In his home State 
of Kentucky, some people face pro-posed increases as high as 25 percent. He noted that some people in Indiana could be hit with a 46-percent jump in their premiums. 
So how did Democratic Leader R
EID 
respond to the news of double-digit pre-mium increases? He said people are ex-tremely satisfied with health care. He said the people Majority Leader M
CCONNELL spoke about are having in-
creases that are ‘‘very, very minimal.’’ I wish to repeat that. The Democratic leader, on the floor of the Senate today, called premium increases of 25 and 46 percent very, very minimal. What world is he living in? How on Earth can Senate Democrats believe Americans are satisfied with their health care when they are facing dou-ble-digit premium increases? How on Earth can the Senate Democratic lead-er believe these increases are very, very minimal? They are shocking. 
The Democrats have their head in 
the sand about the health care law. We can pick up Investor’s Business Daily, Monday, June 1: ‘‘ObamaCare Deductibles Soaring to $6,500 for Sil-ver-Level Plan.’’ 
Pick up the Wall Street Journal, Fri-
day, May 22: ‘‘Health Insurers Seek Big Increases.’’ 
Investor’s Business Daily today: 
‘‘ObamaCare Enrollment Mystery: 2 Million Young Adults Missing.’’ They are not signing up, and there are plen-ty of good reasons why. It is not be-cause it is a good deal for them. 
No matter how bad it gets, no matter 
how unaffordable it is, President Obama and the Democrats in Congress absolutely refuse to face the reality. They refuse to help Americans who continue to be hurt by this law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.020 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3742 June 4, 2015 
I wish to speak a little bit about the 
reality of the law and why Republicans are committed to helping all Ameri-cans finally have access to affordable care. 
We all remember when President 
Obama promised that his health care law would cause insurance premiums to go down—down—by an average of $2,500 per year, per family. So where do we stand now? A couple of weeks ago was the deadline for insurance compa-nies to say what they intended to charge people for health care next year. This is the first time companies have been able to set their prices based on a full year of information about how much ObamaCare actually costs. From what we have seen so far, the cost is enormous. A lot of Americans are going to be shocked by how much more their health insurance will be. 
These higher premiums are just the 
latest evidence that ObamaCare is an expensive failure. We have seen reports about the largest insurance company in New Mexico saying it wants to raise rates by almost 52 percent next year. The biggest insurer in Tennessee wants to raise its rates 36 percent. In Mary-land, the largest insurer is planning to increase premiums by more than 30 percent. Yet, we hear Senator R
EIDon 
the floor of the Senate this morning saying these things don’t matter. 
People who are in the President’s 
home State of Illinois right now are facing an average premium increase of 30 percent. It seems as though there is another headline every day about how expensive health care insurance is be-coming. 
The Wall Street Journal Tuesday: 
‘‘Insurers Seek Big Premium In-creases.’’ 
I know there are some supporters of 
the law who like to say lots of people have insurance under ObamaCare. How many of them are actually going to be paying these double-digit rate in-creases next year because of ObamaCare? That is what Americans want to know. 
On Monday, the Obama administra-
tion released information on rate hikes for people living in about 41 States. It turns out that 676 different insurance plans—different ObamaCare insurance plans—offered for sale in these 41 States plan to raise their rates by dou-ble digits—by at least double digits. The average increase is 21 percent. About 6 million people getting their in-surance from these plans will face dou-ble-digit rate increases next year. Do Democrats who voted for ObamaCare think a 21-percent rate increase is af-fordable? Do they think a double-digit premium increase will help these 6 mil-lion hard-working Americans? 
These numbers are so large, it is hard 
to even understand what they mean for a typical person. What does it mean that health insurance policies in Mary-land might have an average rate in-crease of 30 percent? How does that im-pact someone’s life, their quality of life? Let’s say there is a 40-year-old non-
smoker living in Annapolis, MD. He buys a silver plan from CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield, which is the big-gest insurer in Maryland and the most popular kind of plan. According to the Wall Street Journal study, those rates would go from about $2,900 for the year to nearly $3,700 next year. That is an $800-a-year increase. The President promised it would go down $2,500, and 
now it has gone up $800. That is how ex-pensive ObamaCare has become. It is far more costly than people thought it was going to be, than the insurers thought it was going to cost, and far more costly than the American people were told it was going to be. 
I have heard some Democrats who 
support this law say these are just the requested rates. They say we shouldn’t worry because State insurance agen-cies won’t allow these huge rate in-creases to take effect. Well, CareFirst, the company in Maryland that wants a 30-percent rate increase next year, raised its rates 16 percent last year. Hard-working people across the coun-try are going to have to pay these enormous premiums because the Presi-dent mandates they buy it. And many of them still won’t be able to actually use their insurance because the deductibles and the copays are so high. This year, the average deductible for an ObamaCare silver plan is almost $3,000 per person and more than $6,000 per family. 
One has to ask, why are costs going 
up so much so fast? That is what a radio station in Kansas City, MO, KCUR-FM, asked. They reported last week, on May 27, that premiums for some plans in Kansas are going to go up 38 percent. According to the radio 
station, the increases ‘‘appear to be driven by requirements in the Afford-able Care Act, also known as Obamacare.’’ That is what they report. 
The Kansas State Insurance Depart-
ment said it was because of things like all of the coverage mandates in the law. Families are now paying for cov-erage that is more than they need, more than they want, and more than they can afford. A spokesman for the State insurance agency in the State of Kansas told the radio station, ‘‘These things cost money.’’ 
What do people think about these 
enormous increases in their premiums? Are people happy because of all the extra money they have to pay because of Obamacare? 
Let’s look at Connecticut. In Con-
necticut, they have been writing to the State insurance department, and they are angry and frustrated about the Obamacare price hikes. 
One person wrote, ‘‘I find it out-
rageous that the rates for 2016 are going to increase by 6.7 percent,’’ which was the request in Connecticut. The person goes on: 
Where do you think that I am going to get 
that money? I do not get a raise every year based on your ‘‘every year’’ rate increases. 
So this is somebody who is having a 
hard time with a rate increase of only 6.7 percent. Imagine how tough it is 
going to be for families all around the country who will have to pay 20 or 30 or 40 percent more next year for their Obamacare-mandated insurance. Thou-sands of families across the country are facing these shocking rate in-creases, and it might be just the begin-ning. 
Sometime this month, the Supreme 
Court is expected to decide an impor-tant case called King v. Burwell. This case is about the subsidies some people get to pay Obamacare’s alarmingly high costs. The health care law said that Washington could subsidize the premiums of people who buy insurance through its exchanges established by the States. President Obama knew that wouldn’t be enough because he knew his law was going to make insurance premiums skyrocket, so he told his ad-ministration to use taxpayer dollars to subsidize insurance in the Federal ex-change as well. Democrats in Congress wrote the law to allow subsidies for one group, and then the President then de-cided to pay them out for another group. So if the Supreme Court decides that the President overstepped his au-thority, there are going to be a lot of people who could be facing paying the full cost of their Obamacare plans without the subsidy. They are going to see just how expensive this Obamacare insurance is and just how destructive the Democrats’ health care law has been. 
Let’s face it. In spite of what the mi-
nority leader says on the floor of the Senate, Obamacare has been a disaster. It is bad for patients. It is bad for pro-viders. It has been terrible for the American taxpayers, hard-working Americans who work every day to try to put food on the table and pay their taxes. 
Republicans are offering better solu-
tions, real solutions that will end these outrageous and expensive Obamacare side effects. That means giving Ameri-cans freedom, choice, and control over their health care decisions. Repub-licans understand that hard-working American families can’t afford Obamacare any longer. 
Democrats need to admit that their 
health care law has been and continues to be an expensive failure. If they are ready to do that, then Republicans will work with them to help give people the care they need from a doctor they choose at lower cost. 
Thank you, Madam President. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New York. 
Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Madam Presi-
dent, I rise today to speak on my amendment No. 1578, the Military Jus-tice Improvement Act, to ensure that survivors of military sexual assault have access to an unbiased and profes-sionalized military justice system. 
Last year, despite earning the sup-
port of 55 Senators—a coalition span-ning the entire ideological spectrum, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.021 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3743 June 4, 2015 
including both the majority and minor-
ity leader—our bill to create an inde-pendent military justice system, free of the inherent bias and conflicts of in-terest within the chain of command, fell short of overcoming the 60-vote fil-ibuster threshold. But, as we said then, we will not walk away. We will con-tinue to fight to strengthen our mili-tary because that is our duty. 
It is our oversight role in Congress to 
act as if the brave survivors are our sons and daughters, our spouses who are being betrayed by the greatest military on Earth. We owe them at least that. 
Over the last few years, Congress has 
forced the military to make many in-cremental changes to address this cri-sis. After two decades of complete fail-ure and lipservice to ‘‘zero tolerance,’’ the military now says essentially: Trust us. We have got this. 
They spin the data, hoping nobody 
will dig below the top line because when you do, the clear conclusion is that survivors still have little faith in the system and that the military has not actually made a dent in the prob-lem. Even after much-lauded reforms, the estimate for 2014 is 20,000 cases of sexual assault and unwanted sexual contact—the same level as 2010—an av-erage of 52 a day. A much-touted re-form made retaliation a crime. That made a lot of sense, but a sky-high 62- percent retaliation rate remains un-changed from 2 years ago. 
The system remains plagued with 
distrust and does not provide the fair and just process the survivors deserve. Simply put, the military has not held up to the standards posed by General Dempsey 1 year ago when he said, ‘‘We are on the clock if you will . . . the President said to us in December, you’ve got about a year to review this thing . . . and if we haven’t been able to demonstrate we are making a dif-ference, you know, then we deserve to be held to the scrutiny and standard.’’ 
So I am urging my colleagues to hold 
the military to that standard. Enough is enough with the spin, the excuses, and the promises, because throughout the last year, we have continued to see new evidence of how much further we actually have to go to solve this prob-lem. 
We have a very simple choice. We can 
keep waiting, hoping that the reforms we put in place—that we actually forced the military to put in place— will somehow restore trust in the sys-tem, while an average of 52 new lives are shattered every day, three-quarters of whom will never come forward be-cause they see what happens around them and they don’t trust the system and don’t see how justice is possible be-cause commanders hold all the cards, or we can do the right thing and act. 
We can accept a system where, ac-
cording to the DOD themselves, three out of four servicewomen and nearly half of servicemen say sexual harass-ment is common or very common or we can do the right thing and act. We can accept a system where women 
who were sexually harassed were 1,400 percent more likely to be sexually as-saulted that same year or we can act. 
We can accept a climate where super-
visors and unit leaders were respon-sible for sexual harassment and gender discrimination in nearly 60 percent of all cases or we can act. 
My friends, I believe it is time that 
we provide our servicemembers with an unbiased justice system, one that is professionalized, where the decision-maker is trained in military justice. It is time to finally listen to the sur-vivors who have told us over and over again that this reform is required to instill long-lost confidence in the sys-tem. 
It is very much time to do the right 
thing and act because every time we look at this problem, it seems to get worse. My office just reviewed 107 sex-ual assault case files from the largest base in each of the services. We re-quested these files, and that was for 1 year of sexual assaults. We requested the data to understand what actually happens once the reports are filed, how they are investigated, and how they move forward within the military jus-tice system to see if there is any other challenges we have to address. It took the Pentagon a year to respond to my document request. These 107 files are just a snapshot of the thousands of es-timated cases that occur annually. 
What we found, which was unex-
pected, was an alarming rate of as-saults among two survivor groups who are not represented in the DOD survey. The DOD survey is all servicemembers. But what we found is that civilian women and military spouses are not counted in that survey, and of these 107 cases, in 53 percent of them, the sur-vivor was either a military spouse or a civilian. These two categories of sur-vivors are hidden in the shadows. 
According to the DOD themselves, 
the real scope of this problem, unfortu-nately, is much larger than the 20,000 that were estimated for last year alone. These obviously aren’t just num-bers; these are real lives being broken, and they deserve a fair shot at justice. 
It should disturb everyone in this 
Chamber that instead of hope for jus-tice at these four military bases, near-ly half of the survivors who initially filed a complaint—some of them going through the medical exam, going through testimony, going through evi-dence—nearly half who filed withdrew their complaint during the process be-fore trial. What does that tell us? Is there a form of retaliation taking place? Is it just a lack of faith in the system? To have about half of these cases not move forward is very trou-bling. 
Even when a case did move forward, 
just over 20 percent of them went to trial, and only 10 percent of these cases resulted in sexual assault convictions with penalties of confinement and dis-honorable discharge. Ten percent. Only 10 percent ended in conviction. The cases that did proceed to trial but 
failed to obtain a sexual assault con-viction typically resulted in a more le-nient penalty, such as reduction in 
rank or docked pay. 
There was a new report published by 
the Human Rights Watch. They issued a report which told us that service-members who reported a sexual assault were 12 times more likely to suffer re-taliation than to see their offender get convicted of the sexual offense. Let me repeat that. A survivor who reports a sexual assault is 12 times more likely to see retaliation than to see justice. How can anyone say this is a system our survivors can actually have faith in? 
Despite the DOD’s reported 62 per-
cent retaliation rate—and this is so troubling—there was not evidence of a single serious disciplinary action against anyone for retaliation. Not one. There was not one disciplinary ac-tion for 62 percent of survivors who were retaliated against. That borders on the impossible. But the reality is, without independent review, we are ac-tually relying on commanders to charge themselves with retaliation. It doesn’t make any sense. 
According to the DOD’s own SAPRO 
report, retaliation remains at 62 per-cent for women. Over one-third experi-enced administrative action, and 40 percent faced other forms of profes-sional retaliation. That means your job changes in some meaningful way. 
DOD admits they have made zero 
progress since 2012. 
The carefully crafted and widely bi-
partisan Military Justice Improvement Act is designed to reduce the systemic failure that survivors of military sex-ual assault describe, in deciding wheth-er to report the crimes committed against them, due to the bias and in-herent conflicts of interest posed by the military chain of command’s cur-rent sole decisionmaking power over whether a case moves forward. This re-form actually protects both the victim and the accused. We do not want to see an innocent person convicted any more than we want to see a guilty person go free. 
Due process, professionalism, train-
ing, equal opportunity to justice is how we restore a broken system. It is time to move the sole decisionmaking power over whether serious crimes akin to a felony go to trial from the chain of command into the hands of nonbiased, professionally trained military pros-ecutors, where it belongs. And we do this while leaving military crime in the chain of command. So we com-pletely carve-out anything that is mili-tary-related, such as missing in action or not honoring a command. In fact, the decision whether to prosecute the vast majority of crimes, including 37 serious crimes uniquely military in na-ture, plus all punishable crimes that have less than a year of confinement as a penalty, remain in the chain of com-mand. 
The brave men and women we sent to 
war to keep us safe deserve nothing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.022 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3744 June 4, 2015 
less than a justice system that is actu-
ally equal to their sacrifice. We owe that at least to them. 
Thank you, Madam President. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. KAINE. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1521 
Mr. KAINE. Madam President, I rise 
in support of the NDAA that is on the floor now but also in strong support of an amendment that has been offered by Senator R
EED of Rhode Island to the 
NDAA. Actually, I have a deja vu feel-ing in the speech, because the speech is largely about what I gave as my maid-en speech in February of 2013; that is, the BCA budget caps and sequester. 
To begin, before I focus on the 
amendment from my colleague from Rhode Island, the ranking member of the Armed Services Committee, I do think there is a lot of good policy in the NDAA. We worked on it together. That committee process is a productive one. I think we always find a great de-gree of bipartisanship as we are trying to tackle the programmatic descrip-tion of our Nation’s military budget and support. There is much good pol-icy, acquisition reform, and other key reforms that are part of this budget. There are some items that I feel very strongly about dealing with ship-building and ship repair. 
I think it is great that we are having 
the debate on the floor. We have had NDAAs passed, but we have not had a lot of floor time on them in 2013 and 2014. So the fact that we have are hav-ing this debate about the critical na-ture of our Nation’s defense and the au-
thorizing bill on the floor is very posi-tive. 
There are some aspects of the NDAA 
that I do not like. There are some items that I wish were in there but that are not. That is part of the proc-ess. I think we could all say that, but I am glad we are having the debate on the floor. However, the item that is in the NDAA that I have the greatest con-cern about is the use of what I consider a flagrant budget gimmick to sneak by defense spending caps that were im-posed by the 2011 Budget Control Act. 
I think the gimmick is a serious one 
and a challenging one. The gimmick is dishonest. It is bad for the Nation’s de-fense. It is also bad for America’s non-defense priorities. 
The good news is that the budget can 
be fixed. My colleague from Rhode Is-land, the ranking member of the Armed Services Committee, has a pro-posal to fix it. The proposal was offered in committee and rejected, and it has been offered again on the floor. I want to describe it and explain why I strong-ly support it. 
First, there is the gimmick itself. 
Just for the public on this, in August of 2011, before either I or the Presiding of-
ficer were in the body, Congress passed the Budget Control Act that imposed a set of draconian budget caps on defense and nondefense spending as a punish-ment, in case Congress did not find a grand budget deal. So the wisdom of this body at the time was that we will sort of punish ourselves unless we can find a budget deal. I describe that colloquially as if we don’t do some-thing smart, we will do something stu-pid. 
Well, Congress did not do something 
smart. There wasn’t the grand budget deal that many hoped there would be. So on March 1, 2013, budget caps went into effect that put a significant crimp in both the defense and nondefense items in the Nation’s budget. The first speech I gave on the floor was in Feb-ruary 2013. After my first State recess week, I traveled around and I heard my constituents talk about how bad these caps would be, especially for the Na-tion’s defense. I stood up and just shared what my constituents had de-scribed to me. But, nevertheless, the caps went into effect and we agreed, through the early 2020s, to limit in a very significant and tough way both defense and nondefense spending. 
So what is the gimmick that is in 
this NDAA that is on the floor today? 
A decision was made that the world 
has changed since August 2011. ISIL has grown up and is gobbling up acres and square miles of territory. We are battling against Ebola, as we were ear-lier in the year. North Korea is cyber- attacking major American corpora-tions. Vladimir Putin has moved into Ukraine and is threatening other na-tions. 
There are a lot of challenges. So it 
was the wisdom first of the President, in submitting the fiscal year 2016 budg-et, and then of the Armed Services Committee that living under the se-quester defense caps was a bad idea. It would be a bad idea for the Nation. But instead of just saying: OK, the caps are a bad idea; let’s adjust the cap—which we can do with 60 votes in this body and the concurrence of the House—a decision was made: Let’s not adjust the cap, let’s end-run the cap. 
So we want to exceed the cap. We 
want to exceed it by $38 billion in fiscal year 2016. But rather than adjust the cap, let’s do this: Let’s just take $38 billion that the Nation needs to be safe, and we will put it in what is called the OCO account, Overseas Con-tingency Operations. It is something that is not subject to the cap. It is sup-posed to be used for core warfighting activity. But the $38 billion does not represent core warfighting. 
We spent $2 billion in the last year, 
for example, in the war on ISIL. We are not going to spend $38 billion in the next year. No, instead, we are going to fund all kinds of nonemergency, non-contingency, nonwarfighting expendi-tures that would require an adjustment of the cap, and we are just going to put them into the OCO account, kind of a slush fund. By doing that, we end-run 
the law of Congress, the Budget Con-trol Act. 
I asserted, and I strongly believe, 
that this is dishonest, it is bad for de-fense, and it is bad for the nondefense accounts. It is dishonest. It is dis-honest because, if we need this money for defense, we should fix the budget control caps. That is what we should do. We should not call expenditures for daily operations that are not core warfighting part of the OCO account. That violates the way the OCO account has been treated. 
Once we go down that path, we are 
going to see everything going into the OCO account, and we will really end- run. So we are not being honest with ourselves, but especially, since we all know what the game is, we are not being honest with the public. 
Second, putting this money, the $38 
billion, in the OCO account is bad for defense. Defense needs the ability to plan. If we put the money in the OCO account, is it going to be here next year? Is it not going to be here? There is sort of a wink and a nod that it will probably be here. We ought to be ac-knowledging that these funds are need-ed in the base defense budget so that our DOD personnel can plan that it will be there in the future, because that is probably our intent. It is bad for de-fense to put this in this OCO account. 
Third, it is bad for the nondefense ac-
counts. If we are going to say that the BCA caps are bad, we should adjust them. Instead of using an end run, let’s adjust them. Let’s adjust them not just for the defense accounts but also for the nondefense accounts, because, as the Presiding Officer and my col-leagues here know, the nondefense ac-counts are critical to the Nation’s de-fense. 
The FBI is nondefense. It is critical 
to the Nation’s defense. Homeland Se-curity is critical to the Nation’s de-fense. In the Department of Energy, much of the research we do is for the reactors on nuclear carriers and nu-clear subs. Those get cut by budget cups. They are critical to defense. We ought to be lifting the caps on the non-defense accounts, as well. 
So the gimmick that is used is a gim-
mick. It is dishonest. It hurts defense. It hurts nondefense accounts that are important to the Nation. Good news— there is a solution. We are doing this because we do not like the budget caps. That is why we are doing this. That is why we are using the OCO gimmick. If we don’t like the budget caps, we should fix them. We should find the 2015 version of the Murray-Ryan budget deal that was reached in December of 2013, where we agreed to adjust the budget caps. That deal accepted part of sequester. It absorbed sequester cuts. But it also found targeted ways to pro-vide relief, both to defense and non-defense accounts. That is what we should be doing. We should be showing the same leadership that was shown in 2013. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.024 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3745 June 4, 2015 
I rise to say that the amendment 
that my colleague from Rhode Island, our ranking member, proposes does ex-actly that. It does exactly that. It takes the $38 billion that is in our budget, which I believe should be spent on defense, and it says that this money should be spent on defense, but it should be spent the right way, as part of a base budget, not as part of OCO. 
It puts a fence around those dollars 
and says that the money is there, and it is there for defense because the Na-tion needs it. But the fence will keep the money from being utilized until we fix the BCA caps on both the defense and nondefense accounts. 
If we do fix the BCA caps, that 
money will be available. Because of language included by the chair of the committee in the markup, fixing the budget caps would move the money from the OCO account into the defense base budget where it should be. I think we all know what the right answer is here, which is for this $38 billion to be used to protect the Nation but to be part of the base budget, not the OCO account. To get there we need to fix the BCA caps across the board for de-fense and nondefense. The Reed amend-ment would accomplish that. That is the reason that I am on the floor today, to praise the debate on the NDAA but to say this is the right way to keep our Nation safe. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that at 1:45 p.m. today, the Senate vote in relation to the following amendments: Shaheen No. 1494, spouse definition; Tillis No. 1506, C–130 aircraft; further, that there be no second-degree amendments in order to any of those amendments prior to the votes, and that the Sha-heen amendment be subject to a 60-af-firmative-vote threshold for adoption. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, on 
behalf of Senator P AULof Kentucky, I 
ask unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment in order to call up amendment No. 1543. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, I rise 
with my friend from Arizona, Senator F
LAKE , to speak about an amendment 
that he and I and Senator B LUMENTHAL  
from Connecticut have as part of this pending legislation. 
Along with sports fans across Amer-
ica, I was appalled to learn last month that many of the ceremonies honoring members of our armed services at NFL games are not actually being con-ducted out of a sense of patriotism but 
for profit in the form of millions of dol-lars in taxpayers’ money going from the Department of Defense to wealthy NFL franchises. 
In fact, NFL teams have received 
nearly $7 million in taxpayer dollars over the last 3 years from contracts with the Army National Guard, which include public tributes to American soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines. Our amendment would put an end to this shameful practice and ask the NFL to return those profits to char-ities supporting our troops, veterans, and their families. 
All Americans can agree that sports 
unite us, especially football. For gen-erations, football has brought together people from every walk of life—from the first organized American football game between Rutgers and Princeton in 1869 to Super Bowl XLIX played in the great State of Arizona this Feb-ruary, which attracted more than 100 million television viewers, the most watched TV program in history. 
Football has been a uniting force for 
our Nation. Every weekend, from pee-wee to high school, college, and the NFL, for good seasons and bad, in com-mon cause and bitter rivalry, millions of passionate fans have bonded to-gether. For many Americans, football is deeply patriotic and woven into the very fabric of our country’s unique his-tory and heritage. For several weeks every fall, this patriotic spirit grows when the NFL takes time to honor the service and sacrifice of the brave young Americans serving in the U.S. Armed Forces. 
Teams wear special camouflage uni-
forms, hold special game-day program-ming under the theme ‘‘Salute to Serv-ice.’’ We have all been heartened by these patriotic displays, from the giant oversized flags and color guard pregame performances to half time tributes to our hometown heroes. Every fan, whether united by team or divided by rivalry, comes together to thank those who have served and sac-rificed on our Nation’s behalf. 
That is why I and so many other 
Americans were shocked and dis-appointed to learn that several NFL teams were not sponsoring these ac-tivities out of the goodness of their own hearts but were doing so to make an extra buck, taking money from American taxpayers in exchange for honoring American troops. That means many of the color guard performances and troop recognition ceremonies were actually funded with American tax dol-lars and pocketed by wealthy NFL teams. 
For example, the Army National 
Guard spent $675,000 under contracts with the New England Patriots—hardly a deprived franchise—that included a program called ‘‘True Patriot,’’ in which the team honored Guard soldiers at half-time shows during home games. 
Other contracts funded color guard 
performances, flag ceremonies, and ap-pearance fees to players for honoring local high school coaches and visiting 
students. 
According to the information my of-
fice has received from the Army Na-tional Guard, the NFL received nearly $7 million in taxpayer dollars over the last 3 years from Guard contracts for activities including: pregame color guard ceremonies, pregame reenlist-ment ceremonies, pregame onfield 
American flag rollouts, ingame flag runners, half-time soldier recognition ceremonies, Guard-sponsored high school Player of the Week and Coach of the Week awards, and Guard-sponsored player appearances at local high schools. 
The following teams had contracts in 
the past 3 years, according to the Army National Guard: Atlanta Falcons, $579,500; Baltimore Ravens, $350,000; Buffalo Bills, $550,000; Chicago Bears, $443,000; Cincinnati Bengals, $117,000; Dallas Cowboys, $262,500; Denver Bron-cos, $460,000; Detroit Lions, $193,000; Green Bay Packers, $300,000; Indianap-olis Colts, $400,000; Miami Dolphins, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, and Jackson-ville Jaguars, $160,000; Minnesota Vi-kings, $410,000; New Orleans Saints, $307,000; New York Jets, $212,500; Oak-land Raiders, $275,000; Pittsburgh Steelers, $217,000; St. Louis Rams and Kansas City Chiefs, $60,000; San Diego Chargers, $453,500; San Francisco 49ers, $125,000; and Seattle Seahawks, $393,500. 
What makes these expenditures all 
the more troubling is at the same time the Guard was spending millions on pro-sports advertising, it was also run-ning out of money for critical training for our troops. In fact, at the end of fis-cal year 2014, the National Guard Bu-reau and Army National Guard an-nounced they were facing a $101 million shortfall in the account used to pay National Guardsmen and could face a delay in critical training and drills be-cause they couldn’t afford to pay sol-diers. Despite the fact that the Guard was facing serious threats to meeting its primary mission and paying its cur-rent soldiers, it was spending millions of taxpayer dollars on speakership and advertising deals with professional sports leagues, such as the NFL. 
This is obviously unacceptable. Pro-
viding for our common defense is the highest duty of the Federal Govern-ment. At a time of crippling budget cuts under sequestration, the Defense Department cannot afford to waste its limited resources for the benefit of sports leagues that rake in billions of dollars a year. Each of the four service Chiefs have warned before the Senate Armed Services Committee this year that sequestration is damaging our military readiness and putting Amer-ican lives in danger. We must conserve every precious defense dollar we have at our disposal—which the NDAA does through important reforms to acquisi-tion, military retirement, personnel, headquarters and management, and which our amendment would support by ending taxpayer-funded soldier trib-utes at professional sporting events. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.026 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3746 June 4, 2015 
In addition to ending this shameful 
practice, this amendment calls upon professional sports leagues like the NFL to donate—to donate—these ill- gotten profits to charities supporting American troops, veterans, and their families. 
The NFL raked in revenues totaling 
some $9.5 billion. The absolute least they can do to begin to make up for this terrible misjudgment is to return those taxpayer dollars to charities sup-porting our troops, veterans, and mili-tary families. 
I thank my fellow Senator from the 
State of Arizona, J
EFFFLAKE , who has 
done terrific oversight of this issue. He was the first to expose it and similar cases of wasteful and excessive govern-ment spending. 
I also commend Senator B
LUMENTHAL  
for his longstanding commitment to our troops and veterans, as well as the other Members of this body who have supported our amendment. 
Again, I thank J
EFFFLAKE , who was 
first to blow the whistle on this egre-gious use of American tax dollars, and also Senator B
LUMENTHAL . 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
Mr. FLAKE. Madam President, I also 
thank the senior Senator from Arizona for helping me bring this amendment forward. I am proud to cosponsor it with him and Senator B
LUMENTHAL . 
I wish to make a couple of points. We 
have asked the Pentagon for a full ac-counting, not just NFL teams but other teams that have received such money. We want to make sure this practice stops. 
Part of the reason it needs to stop is 
these teams that were mentioned be-fore by the senior Senator from Ari-zona and other teams that have re-ceived this kind of money do a lot for the military out of the goodness of their heart. They do a lot for the mili-tary and for veterans who return, and we shouldn’t discount that and don’t want to discount that. 
The problem is, when some teams are 
accepting money to do what has been termed ‘‘paid-for patriotism,’’ then it cheapens all the other good work that has been done by these sports teams and others. So it is important we stop this practice and make sure that when fans are there and they see this out-pouring of support for the military, they know it is genuine—because there is a great deal of patriotism by those who attend these games. We want to make sure people recognize it is done for the right reason, and that is the reason for bringing this amendment forward. 
I, again, thank the senior Senator 
from Arizona for his work on this amendment and other efforts to fight wasteful spending, making sure that the funding that goes to our military and that we appropriate for the Depart-ment of Defense—authorize for the De-partment of Defense—is used for mili-tary purposes. I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, I 
withdraw my request with respect to amendment No. 1543. It is my under-standing we will call up this amend-ment after the votes this afternoon. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s request is withdrawn. 
The Senator from Rhode Island. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1506 
Mr. REED. Madam President, I wish 
to comment briefly on the amendment proposed by my colleague from North Carolina, Senator T
ILLIS , with respect 
to the stationing of the C–130 aircraft at Pope Army Airfield in North Caro-lina. 
The amendment states that these 
aircraft shall be positioned in Pope Army Airfield. They are C–130 Avionics Modernization Program aircraft, the AMP program. Basically, they are C– 130H models that were upgraded. In ad-dition, the Air Force has C–130J mod-els, the newest model. In the give-and- take of the budget deliberations over the last few years, this AMP mod-ernization program is essentially cur-tailed dramatically because the choice was buying new J models or fixing the old H models. 
So, in effect, what we have is a group 
of C–130 modified aircraft that are at Little Rock Air Force Base. They are only being minimally maintained be-cause these AMP-modified aircraft are not standard. They are different from the traditional hotel model, and they are not as new or as modern as the J model, and they are not being sup-ported with AMP-trained crews or AMP-unique logistics. Logistically, they are at Little Rock Air Force Base and sort of caught up in this funding and programmatic dilemma. 
They are not fully deployable be-
cause of these conditions. They are just sort of additive to the force structure of the C–130J. There are only three that are modified, with five more to be modified. That would be at $8 million per aircraft for about an additional multimillion dollar pricetag. There-fore, they are not as functional as a unit since there are only three aircraft and not a full complement. To operate these aircraft would require additional resources. 
The thrust of the gentleman’s 
amendment is that these aircraft be transferred to Pope Air Force Base in North Carolina, but they would not really be effectively utilized by the forces there and would not, in my view at least, contribute to the training and the real-time operations of the 82nd Airborne Division, the XVIII Airborne Corps, and the special operations forces that are there. 
So rather than doing that, what we 
did in the underlying legislation at sec-tion 136 is to go through and quite clearly have a careful review of the adequacy of aircraft to support oper-ations of the paratroop forces at Fort Bragg so that the Air Force is fully supportive of this very important 
issue. The 82nd is America’s most ready Army force, and of course we know special forces operators are all across the globe constantly. 
So my comments are that this 
amendment would not essentially help what I think is the underlying goal, which is to ensure that our airborne forces have the platforms necessary. It would, in fact, restrict the flexibility of the Air Force in terms of using C–130 aircraft. It would practically have the effect of simply taking aircraft that because of their modification and their nonstandardization are being parked at Little Rock and moving them without effect, I think, on the operational ca-pacity and capabilities of our airborne forces. 
So as a result, I believe our best ap-
proach is to stay with the language in the underlying bill, section 136, which—to the credit of Senator T
ILLIS , 
he was very adamant about including— would have a careful review of the operational capacity of the Air Force to support the airborne operations. 
It would include the ability of com-
manders from the corps level, XVIII Airborne Corps, 82nd, Special Oper-ations Command, to comment effec-tively on whether the Air Force was doing this. After such a review and analysis, we could make better deci-sions about the allocation of the Air Force aircraft. 
Again, ironically—and again it 
strikes me that simply moving these aircraft—which are sort of one-of-a- kind aircraft—to Pope would not help the airborne operations of our military forces. They would simply involve ad-ditional cost, and they would not be part of the ability of our Air Force and our mobility command to support a wide range of missions. They would complicate, rather than simplify, our ability to respond. 
So for that, when this vote, which is 
scheduled later today, comes up for a vote, I will oppose it, and I will do so because I believe—in the underlying legislation, through the work of Sen-ator T
ILLIS particularly—we have an 
appropriate response to the issue of flexibility, mobility, and operational capacity of our airborne forces at Fort Bragg. 
With that, I suggest the absence of a 
quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
GRIEVING FOR THE BIDEN FAMILY  
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, when a 
child predeceases the parent, it is a grievous occasion, and we have been grieving for the President of the Sen-ate, the Vice President of the United States, for what he has been going through—his whole family. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.027 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3747 June 4, 2015 
It is my belief J OEBIDEN has known 
for some period of time the progression of his son, Beau’s, cancer and, as a re-sult, he has continued to carry on his public duties while at the same time carrying this huge burden. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have printed in the R
ECORD the 
speech J OEBIDEN made to the Yale 
graduating class about 2 weeks ago on Class Day. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
REMARKS BY THE VICEPRESIDENT AT YALE 
UNIVERSITY CLASS DAY, YALEUNIVERSITY , 
NEWHAVEN , CONNECTICUT  
THE VICE PRESIDENT: Hello, Yale! (Ap-
plause.) Great to see you all. (Applause.) Thank you very, very much. 
Jeremy and Kiki, the entire Class of 2015, 
congratulations and thank you for inviting me to be part of this special day. You’re tal-ented. You’ve worked hard, and you’ve earned this day. 
Mr. President, faculty, staff, it’s an honor 
to be here with all of you. 
My wife teaches full-time. I want you to 
know that—at a community college, and has attended 8,640 commencements and/or the similar versions of Class Day, and I know they can hardly wait for the speaker to fin-ish. (Laughter.) But I’ll do my best as quick-ly as I can. 
To the parents, grandparents, siblings, 
family members, the Class of 2015—congratu-lations. I know how proud you must be. But, the Class of 2015, before I speak to you— please stand and applaud the ones who loved you no matter what you’re wearing on your head and who really made this day happen. (Laughter and applause.) I promise you all this is a bigger day for them than it is for you. (Laughter.) 
When President Obama asked me to be his 
Vice President, I said I only had two condi-tions: One, I wouldn’t wear any funny hats, even on Class Day. (Laughter.) And two, I wouldn’t change my brand. (Applause.) 
Now, look, I realize no one ever doubts I 
mean what I say, the problem occasionally is I say all that I mean. (Laughter.) I have a bad reputation for being straight. Sometimes an inappropriate times. (Laughter.) So here it goes. Let’s get a couple things straight right off the bat: Corvettes are better than Porsches; they’re quicker and they corner as well. (Laughter and applause.) And sorry, guys, a cappella is not better than rock and roll. (Laughter and applause.) And your pun-dits are better than Washington pundits, al-though I’ve noticed neither has any shame at all. (Laughter and applause.) And all roads lead to Toads? Give me a break. (Laughter and applause.) You ever tried it on Monday night? (Laughter.) Look, it’s tough to end a great men’s basketball and football season. One touchdown away from beating Harvard this year for the first time since 2006—so close to something you’ve wanted for eight years. I can only imagine how you feel. (Laughter.) I can only imagine. (Applause.) So close. So close. 
But I got to be honest with you, when the 
invitation came, I was flattered, but it caused a little bit of a problem in my ex-tended family. It forced me to face some hard truths. My son, Beau, the attorney gen-eral of Delaware, my daughter, Ashley Biden, runs a nonprofit for criminal justice in the state, they both went to Penn. My two nieces graduated from Harvard, one an all- American. All of them think my being here was a very bad idea. (Laughter.) 
On the other hand, my other son, Hunter, 
who heads the World Food Program USA, graduated from Yale Law School. (Applause.) 
Now, he thought it’s a great idea. But then again, law graduates always think all of their ideas are great ideas. (Laughter.) 
By the way, I’ve had a lot of law graduates 
from Yale work for me. That’s not too far from the truth. But anyway, look, the truth of the matter is that I have a lot of staff that are Yale graduates, several are with me today. They thought it was a great idea that I speak here. 
As a matter of fact, my former national se-
curity advisor, Jake Sullivan, who is teach-ing here at Yale Law School, trained in international relations at Yale College, edit-ed the Yale Daily News, and graduated from Harvard—excuse me, Freudian slip—Yale Law School. (Laughter.) You’re lucky to have him. He’s a brilliant and decent and honorable man. And I miss him. And we miss him as my national security advisor. 
But he’s not the only one. My deputy na-
tional security advisor, Jeff Prescott, start-ed and ran the China Law Center at Yale Law School. My Middle East policy advisor and foreign policy speechwriter, Dan Benaim, who is with me, took Daily Themes—got a B. (Laughter.) Now you know why I go off script so much. (Laughter and applause.) 
Look, at a Gridiron Dinner not long ago, 
the President said, I—the President—‘‘I am learning to speak without a teleprompter, Joe is learning to speak with one.’’ (Laugh-ter.) But if you looked at my speechwriters, you know why. 
And the granddaughter of one of my dear-
est friends in life—a former Holocaust sur-vivor, a former foreign policy advisor, a former Chairman of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, Congressman Tom Lantos— is graduating today. Mercina, congratula-tions, kiddo. (Applause.) Where are you? You are the sixth—she’s the sixth sibling in her immediate family to graduate from Yale. Six out of 11, that’s not a bad batting average. (Laughter.) I believe it’s a modern day record for the number of kids who went to Yale from a single family. 
And, Mercina, I know that your mom, Lit-
tle Annette is here. I don’t know where you 
are, Annette. But Annette was part of the first class of freshman women admitted to Yale University. (Applause.) 
And her grandmother, Annette, is also a 
Holocaust survivor, an amazing woman; and both I’m sure wherever they are, beaming today. And I know one more thing, Mercina, your father and grandfather are looking down, cheering you on. 
I’m so happy to be here on your day and all 
of your day. It’s good to know there’s one Yalie who is happy I’m being here—be here, at least one. (Laughter.) On ‘‘Overheard at Yale,’’ on the Facebook page, one student re-ported another student saying: I had a dream that I was Vice President and was with the President, and we did the disco funk dance to convince the Congress to restart the govern-ment. (Laughter.) 
Another student commented, Y’all know 
Biden would be hilarious, get funky. (Laugh-ter.) 
Well, my granddaughter, Finnegan Biden, 
whose dad went here, is with me today. When she saw that on the speech, I was on the plane, Air Force Two coming up, she said, Pop, it would take a lot more than you and the President doing the disco funk dance. The Tea Party doesn’t even know what it is. (Laughter.) 
Look, I don’t know about that. But I’m 
just glad there’s someone—just someone— who dreams of being Vice President. (Laugh-ter and applause.) Just somebody. I never had that dream. (Laughter.) For the press out there, that’s a joke. 
Actually, being Vice President to Barack 
Obama has been truly a great honor. We both enjoy getting out of the White House to talk 
to folks in the real America—the kind who know what it means to struggle, to work hard, to shop at Kiko Milano. (Laughter and applause.) Great choice. (Laughter.) 
I just hope to hell the same people respon-
sible for Kiko’s aren’t in charge of naming the two new residential colleges. (Laughter and applause.) 
Now, look, folks, I spent a lot of time 
thinking about what I should day to you today, but the more I thought about it, I thought that any Class Day speech is likely to be redundant. You already heard from Jessie J at Spring Fling. (Laughter.) So what in the hell could I possibly say. (Laughter.) 
Look, I’m deeply honored that Jeremy and 
Kiki selected me. I don’t know how the hell you trusted them to do that. (Laughter.) I hope you agree with their choice. Actually I hope by the end of this speech, they agree with their choice. (Laughter.) 
In their flattering invitation letter, they 
asked me to bring along a sense of humor, speak about my commitment to public serv-ice and family, talk about resiliency, com-passion, and leadership in a changing world. Petty tall order. (Laughter.) I probably al-ready flunked the first part of the test. 
But with the rest let me say upfront, and 
I mean this sincerely, there’s nothing par-ticularly unique about me. With regard to resilience and compassion, there are count-less thousands of people, maybe some in the audience, who’ve suffered through personal losses similar to mine or much worse with much less support to help them get through it and much less reason to want to get through it. 
It’s not that all that difficult, folks, to be 
compassionate when you’ve been the bene-ficiary of compassion in your lowest mo-ments not only from your family, but from your friends and total strangers. Because when you know how much it meant to you, you know how much it mattered. It’s not hard to be compassionate. 
I was raised by a tough, compassionate 
Irish lady named Catherine Eugenia Finnegan Biden. And she taught all of her children that, but for the grace of God, there go you—but for the grace of God, there go you. 
And a father who lived his motto that, 
family was the beginning, the middle, and the end. And like many of you and your par-ents, I was fortunate. I learned early on what I wanted to do, what fulfilled me the most, what made me happy—my family, my faith, and being engaged in the public affairs that gripped my generation and being inspired by a young President named Kennedy—civil rights, the environment, trying to end an in-credibly useless and divisive war, Vietnam. 
The truth is, though, that neither I, nor 
anyone else, can tell you what will make you happy, help you find success. 
You each have different comfort levels. Ev-
eryone has different goals and aspirations. But one thing I’ve observed, one thing I know, an expression my dad would use often, is real. He used to say, it’s a lucky man or woman gets up in the morning—and I mean this sincerely. It was one of his expressions. It’s a lucky man or woman gets up in the morning, puts both feet on the floor, knows what they’re about to do, and thinks it still matters. 
I’ve been lucky. And my wish for all of you 
is that not only tomorrow, but 20 and 40 and 50 years from now, you’ve found that sweet spot, that thing that allows you to get up in the morning, put both feet on the floor, go out and pursue what you love, and think it still matters. 
Some of you will go to Silicon Valley and 
make great contributions to empower indi-viduals and societies and maybe even design 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.029 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3748 June 4, 2015 
a life-changing app, like how to unsubscribe 
to Obama for America email list—(laugh-ter)—the biggest ‘‘pan-list’’ of all times. 
Some of you will go to Wall Street and big 
Wall Street law firms, government and ac-tivism, Peace Corps, Teach for America. You’ll become doctors, researchers, journal-ists, artists, actors, musicians. Two of you— one of whom was one of my former interns in the White House, Sam Cohen, and Andrew Heymann—will be commissioned in the United States Navy. Congratulations, gentle-men. We’re proud of you. (Applause.) 
But all of you have one thing in common 
you will all seek to find that sweet spot that satisfies your ambition and success and hap-piness. 
I’ve met an awful lot of people in my ca-
reer. And I’ve noticed one thing, those who are the most successful and the happiest— whether they’re working on Wall Street or Main Street, as a doctor or nurse, or as a lawyer, or a social worker, I’ve made certain basic observation about the ones who from my observation wherever they were in the world were able to find that sweet spot be-tween success and happiness. Those who bal-ance life and career, who find purpose and fulfillment, and where ambition leads them. 
There’s no silver bullet, no single formula, 
no reductive list. But they all seem to under-stand that happiness and success result from an accumulation of thousands of little things built on character, all of which have certain common features in my observation. 
First, the most successful and happiest 
people I’ve known understand that a good life at its core is about being personal. It’s about being engaged. It’s about being there for a friend or a colleague when they’re in-jured or in an accident, remembering the birthdays, congratulating them on their marriage, celebrating the birth of their child. It’s about being available to them when they’re going through personal loss. It’s about loving someone more than your-self, as one of your speakers have already mentioned. It all seems to get down to being personal. 
That’s the stuff that fosters relationships. 
It’s the only way to breed trust in every-
thing you do in your life. 
Let me give you an example. After only 
four months in the United States Senate, as a 30-year-old kid, I was walking through the Senate floor to go to a meeting with Major-ity Leader Mike Mansfield. And I witnessed another newly elected senator, the ex-tremely conservative Jesse Helms, excori-ating Ted Kennedy and Bob Dole for pro-moting the precursor of the Americans with Disabilities Act. But I had to see the Leader, so I kept walking. 
When I walked into Mansfield’s office, I 
must have looked as angry as I was. He was in his late ’70s, lived to be 100. And he looked at me, he said, what’s bothering you, Joe? 
I said, that guy, Helms, he has no social re-
deeming value. He doesn’t care—I really mean it—I was angry. He doesn’t care about people in need. He has a disregard for the dis-abled. 
Majority Leader Mansfield then proceeded 
to tell me that three years earlier, Jesse and Dot Helms, sitting in their living room in early December before Christmas, reading an ad in the Raleigh Observer, the picture of a young man, 14-years-old with braces on his legs up to both hips, saying, all I want is someone to love me and adopt me. He looked at me and he said, and they adopted him, Joe. 
I felt like a fool. He then went on to say, 
Joe, it’s always appropriate to question an-other man’s judgment, but never appropriate to question his motives because you simply don’t know his motives. 
It happened early in my career fortu-
nately. From that moment on, I tried to look past the caricatures of my colleagues 
and try to see the whole person. Never once have I questioned another man’s or woman’s motive. And something started to change. If you notice, every time there’s a crisis in the Congress the last eight years, I get sent to the Hill to deal with it. It’s because every one of those men and women up there— whether they like me or not—know that I don’t judge them for what I think they’re thinking. 
Because when you question a man’s mo-
tive, when you say they’re acting out of greed, they’re in the pocket of an interest group, et cetera, it’s awful hard to reach con-sensus. It’s awful hard having to reach across the table and shake hands. No matter how bitterly you disagree, though, it is always possible if you question judgment and not motive. 
Senator Helms and I continued to have 
profound political differences, but early on we both became the most powerful members of the Senate running the Foreign Relations Committee, as Chairmen and Ranking Mem-bers. But something happened, the mutual defensiveness began to dissipate. And as a re-sult, we began to be able to work together in the interests of the country. And as Chair-man and Ranking Member, we passed some of the most significant legislation passed in the last 40 years. 
All of which he opposed—from paying tens 
of millions of dollars in arrearages to an in-stitution, he despised, the United Nations— he was part of the so-called ‘‘black heli-copter’’ crowd; to passing the chemical weap-ons treaty, constantly referring to, ‘‘we’ve never lost a war, and we’ve never won a trea-ty,’’ which he vehemently opposed. But we were able to do these things not because he changed his mind, but because in this new relationship to maintain it is required to play fair, to be straight. The cheap shots ended. And the chicanery to keep from hav-ing to being able to vote ended—even though he knew I had the votes. 
After that, we went on as he began to look 
at the other side of things and do some great things together that he supported like PEPFAR—which by the way, George W. Bush deserves an overwhelming amount of credit for, by the way, which provided treatment and prevention HIV/AIDS in Africa and around the world, literally saving millions of lives. 
So one piece of advice is try to look beyond 
the caricature of the person with whom you have to work. Resist the temptation to as-cribe motive, because you really don’t know—and it gets in the way of being able to reach a consensus on things that matter to you and to many other people. 
Resist the temptation of your generation 
to let ‘‘network’’ become a verb that saps the personal away, that blinds you to the person right in front of you, blinds you to their hopes, their fears, and their burdens. 
Build real relationships—even with people 
with whom you vehemently disagree. You’ll not only be happier. You will be more suc-cessful. 
The second thing I’ve noticed is that al-
though you know no one is better than you, every other persons is equal to you and de-serves to be treated with dignity and respect. 
I’ve worked with eight Presidents, hun-
dreds of Senators. I’ve met every major world leader literally in the last 40 years. And I’ve had scores of talented people work for me. And here’s what I’ve observed: Re-gardless of their academic or social back-grounds, those who had the most success and who were most respected and therefore able to get the most done were the ones who never confused academic credentials and so-cietal sophistication with gravitas and judg-ment. Don’t forget about what doesn’t come from 
this prestigious diploma—the heart to know what’s meaningful and what’s ephemeral; and the head to know the difference between knowledge and judgment. 
But even if you get these things right, I’ve 
observed that most people who are successful and happy remembered a third thing: Reality has a way of intruding. 
I got elected in a very improbable year. 
Richard Nixon won my state overwhelm-ingly. George McGovern was at the top of the ticket. I got elected as the second-young-est man in the history of the United States to be elected, the stuff that provides and fuels raw ambition. And if you’re not careful, it fuels a sense of inevitability that seeps in. But be careful. Things can change in a heart-beat. I know. And so do many of your par-ents. 
Six weeks after my election, my whole 
world was altered forever. While I was in Washington hiring staff, I got a phone call. My wife and three children were Christmas shopping, a tractor trailer broadsided them and killed my wife and killed my daughter. And they weren’t sure that my sons would live. 
Many people have gone through things like 
that. But because I had the incredible good fortune of an extended family, grounded in love and loyalty, imbued with a sense of obli-gation imparted to each of us, I not only got help. But by focusing on my sons, I found my redemption. 
I can remember my mother—a sweet lady— 
looking at me, after we left the hospital, and saying, Joey, out of everything terrible that happens to you, something good will come if you look hard enough for it. She was right. 
The incredible bond I have with my chil-
dren is the gift I’m not sure I would have had, had I not been through what I went through. Who knows whether I would have been able to appreciate at that moment in my life, the heady moment in my life, what my first obligation was. 
So I began to commute—never intending to 
stay in Washington. And that’s the God’s truth. I was supposed to be sworn in with ev-eryone else that year in ’73, but I wouldn’t go down. So Mansfield thought I’d change my mind and not come, and he sent up the sec-retary of the Senate to swear me in, in the hospital room with my children. 
And I began to commute thinking I was 
only going to stay a little while—four hours a day, every day—from Washington to Wil-mington, which I’ve done for over 37 years. I did it because I wanted to be able to kiss them goodnight and kiss them in the morn-ing the next day. No, ‘‘Ozzie and Harriet’’ breakfast or great familial thing, just climb in bed with them. Because I came to realize that a child can hold an important thought, something they want to say to their mom and dad, maybe for 12 or 24 hours, and then it’s gone. And when it’s gone, it’s gone. And it all adds up. 
But looking back on it, the truth be told, 
the real reason I went home every night was that I needed my children more than they needed me. Some at the time wrote and sug-gested that Biden can’t be a serious national figure. If he was, he’d stay in Washington more, attend to more important events. It’s obvious he’s not serious. He goes home after the last vote. 
But I realized I didn’t miss a thing. Ambi-
tion is really important. You need it. And I certainly have never lacked in having ambi-tion. But ambition without perspective can be a killer. I know a lot of you already un-derstand this. Some of you really had to struggle to get here. And some of you have had to struggle to stay here. And some of your families made enormous sacrifices for this great privilege. And many of you faced your own crises, some unimaginable. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.024 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3749 June 4, 2015 
But the truth is all of you will go through 
something like this. You’ll wrestle with these kinds of choices every day. But I’m here to tell you, you can find the balance be-tween ambition and happiness, what will 
make you really feel fulfilled. And along the way, it helps a great deal if you can resist the temptation to rationalize. 
My chief of staff for over 25 years, one of 
the finest men I’ve ever known, even though he graduated from Penn, and subsequently became a senator from the state of Delaware, Senator Ted Kaufman, every new hire, that we’d hire, the last thing he’d tell them was, and remember never underestimate the abil-ity of the human mind to rationalize. Never underestimate the ability of the human mind to rationalize—her birthday really doesn’t matter that much to her, and this business trip is just a great opportunity; this won’t be his last game, and besides, I’d have to take the redeye to get back. We can always take this family vacation another time. There’s plenty of time. 
For your generation, there’s an incredible 
amount of pressure on all of you to succeed, particularly now that you have accomplished so much. Your whole generation faces this pressure. I see it in my grandchildren who are honors students at other Ivy universities right now. You race to do what others think is right in high school. You raced through the bloodsport of college admissions. You raced through Yale for the next big thing. And all along, some of you compare yourself to the success of your peers on Facebook, Instagram, Linked-In, Twitter. 
Today, some of you may have found that 
you slipped into the self-referential bubble that validates certain choices. And the bub-ble expands once you leave this campus, the pressures and anxiousness, as well—take this job, make that much money, live in this place, hang out with people like you, take no real risks and have no real impact, while get-ting paid for the false sense of both. 
But resist that temptation to rationalize 
what others view is the right choice for you—instead of what you feel in your gut is the right choice—that’s your North Star. Trust it. Follow it. You’re an incredible group of young women and men. And that’s not hyperbole. You’re an incredible group. 
Let me conclude with this. I’m not going 
to moralize about to whom much is given, much is expected, because most of you have made of yourself much more than what you’ve been given. But now you are in a priv-ileged position. You’re part of an exceptional generation and doors will open to you that will not open to others. My Yale Law School grad son graduated very well from Yale Law School. My other son out of loyalty to his deceased mother decided to go to Syracuse Law School from Penn. They’re a year and a day apart in their age. The one who grad-uated from Yale had doors open to him, the lowest salary offered back in the early ‘90s was $50,000 more than a federal judge made. My other son, it was a struggle—equally as bright, went on to be elected one of the youngest attorney generals in the history of the state of Delaware, the most popular pub-lic official in my state. Big headline after the 2012 election, ‘‘Biden Most Popular Man in Delaware—Beau.’’ (Laughter.) 
And as your parents will understand, my 
dad’s definition of success is when you look at your son and daughter and realize they turned out better than you, and they did. But you’ll have opportunities. Make the most of them and follow your heart. You have the intellectual horsepower to make things better in the world around you. 
You’re also part of the most tolerant gen-
eration in history. I got roundly criticized because I could not remain quiet anymore about gay marriage. The one thing I was cer-tain of is all of your generation was way be-
yond that point. (Applause.) 
Here’s something else I observed—intellec-
tual horsepower and tolerance alone does not make a generation great: unless you can break out of the bubble of your own mak-ing—technologically, geographically, ra-cially, and socioeconomically—to truly con-nect with the world around you. Because it matters. 
No matter what your material success or 
personal circumstance, it matters. You can’t breathe fresh air or protect your children from a changing climate no matter what you make. If your sister is the victim of domestic violence, you are violated. If your brother can’t marry the man he loves, you are less-ened. And if your best friend has to worry about being racially profiled, you live in a circumstance not worthy of us. (Applause.) It matters. 
So be successful. I sincerely hope some of 
you become millionaires and billionaires. I mean that. But engage the world around you because you will be more successful and happier. And you can absolutely succeed in life without sacrificing your ideals or your commitments to others and family. I’m con-fident that you can do that, and I’m con-fident that this generation will do it more than any other. 
Look to your left, as they say, and look to 
your right. And remember how foolish the people next to you look—(laughter)—in those ridiculous hats. (Laughter.) That’s what I want you to remember. I mean this. Because it means you’ve learned something from a great tradition. 
It means you’re willing to look foolish, 
you’re willing to run the risk of looking fool-ish in the service of what matters to you. And if you remember that, because some of the things your heart will tell you to do, will make you among your peers look foolish, or not smart, or not sophisticated. But we’ll all be better for people of your consequence to do it. 
That’s what I want you to most remember. 
Not who spoke at the day you all assembled on this mall. You’re a remarkable class. I sure don’t remember who the hell was my commencement speaker. (Laughter.) I know this is not officially commencement. But ask your parents when you leave here, who spoke at your commencement? It’s a commence-ment speaker aversion of a commencement speaker’s fate to be forgotten. The question is only how quickly. But you’re the best in your generation. And that is not hyperbole. And you’re part of a remarkable generation. 
And, you—you’re on the cusp of some of 
the most astonishing breakthroughs in the history of mankind—scientific, techno-logical, socially—that’s going to change the way you live and the whole world works. But it will be up to you in this changing world to translate those unprecedented capabilities into a greater measure of happiness and meaning—not just for yourself, but for the world around you. 
And I feel more confident for my children 
and grandchildren knowing that the men and women who graduate here today, here and across the country, will be in their midst. That’s the honest truth. That’s the God’s truth. That’s my word as a Biden. 
Congratulations, Class of 2015. And may 
God bless you and may God protect our troops. Thank you. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, it is 
noteworthy that the Vice President discussed very frankly the tragedy he has had in his life, all while knowing of this impending tragedy that was un-folding with his son, Beau. The speech was vintage Biden, with a lot of humor and Irish tales, but the essence of the speech came down to this, as he was 
talking to the graduates: 
Build real relationships—even with people 
with whom you vehemently disagree. You’ll not only be happier. You will be more suc-cessful. 
And he continued: 
The second thing I’ve noticed is that al-
though you know no one is better than you, every other person is equal to you and de-serves to be treated with dignity and respect. 
That is the essence of how in a de-
mocracy we have to get along. It is known as the Golden Rule. J
OEBIDEN 
talked about the Golden Rule without saying it was the Golden Rule—treat others as you want to be treated. Put into old English: Do unto others as you would have them do unto you. 
The Vice President talks in his 
speech about his time as a young Sen-ator, when he heard Senator Jesse Helms talking about an issue that Sen-ator B
IDEN was opposed to. He felt it 
was violative of his basic concept in the treatment of other people. In this case, I think it was a question of dis-ability. As he walked in to see the ma-jority leader—probably in that same office, in this case, Mike Mansfield— Senator Mansfield, the leader, noticed that J
OEwas visibly upset and he said: 
What is wrong? And J OEtold him about 
this encounter with Senator Helms. 
Senator Mansfield then went on to 
say to Senator B IDEN: Don’t ever judge 
until you really know the person, be-cause Senator Helms and his wife had run into a situation where they found a severely disabled child and, as a result, they adopted that child. 
As a result, Senator B
IDEN and Sen-
ator Helms became the best of friends. Even though their politics were dif-ferent, when they served as the leaders of the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee—sometimes Helms as chairman and sometimes B
IDEN as chairman— 
they could disagree on the issues, but they could get a lot done because they could work together. That is because they built a relationship. 
How different is that today, where 
each of us are racing out of here on Thursday afternoons and evenings to go back to our States and we hardly ever have time for each other, to un-derstand the core of us as humans and what makes us, drives us as we are. If we knew that about each other, maybe we would find more common ground. 
What I have found is that every one 
of these Senators is an extraordinary person, extremely accomplished, and well motivated. They try, we all try to do the right thing, but then we let the politics and the ideology get in the way and it drives us apart. As a result, is it any wonder that we have a dysfunc-tional Senate that has difficulty get-ting along, particularly when you con-sider the arcane rules of the Senate, which were designed to slow down the process. 
When you don’t have the relationship 
that can be built, when the two leaders can’t get along, when the Senate can-not be run by unanimous consent, is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.026 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3750 June 4, 2015 
there any wonder that it is dysfunc-
tional? Yet, we have the capacity, just as Senator B
IDEN and Senator Helms 
did, to overcome significant differences and get things done. 
At this time of grieving for the Biden 
family, as I read his Yale speech, I was reminded that there is a lot about what was expressed there in a grieving fa-ther who could not show his grief be-cause it was still very private. There is a lot of wisdom there. That is why I en-tered it into the R
ECORD . 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. KING. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
EXPORT -IMPORT BANK  
Mr. KING. Madam President, I rise 
today to discuss two important issues—first, the Export-Import Bank. 
There is a lot about this place that 
puzzles me, but one of the things that this year has puzzled me the most is the movement to somehow defund or end the Export-Import Bank. I just don’t get it. This is an agency of the Federal Government that has been ex-traordinarily effective. It creates jobs in the United States. It supports jobs. It supports American businesses. It supports small American businesses. It returns money to the Treasury. It fills a market niche that the private sector has been unwilling or unable to fill. This isn’t competition with the private sector. This isn’t the government doing something the private sector should do. This is the government filling a niche that has been identified for over 80 years. And it makes a difference. 
I have visited several small compa-
nies in Maine—I think there may be eight or so—that benefit directly from this program, which supports 2 percent of the financing of U.S. exports. 
We are engaged in intense global 
competition for the export of goods and services, and to unilaterally disarm by taking away one of the tools our busi-nesses use just doesn’t make any sense. I don’t understand what the impetus is for this move to undermine this very valuable program that is important to our companies. 
I toured a little company in Maine 
that resells computer and networking equipment all over the world, particu-larly to third-world countries that need this equipment desperately for various needs but particularly for cop-ing with emergencies. It is a small business in Maine, has 35 employees, and is owned by a woman, Connie Jus-tice. I visited with her, and she told me this story. I don’t like to read, but I think this quote is so powerful from a real live business owner in Maine as to how important this program is. 
Ex-Im’s Working Capital Loan Guarantee 
program helped us expand our export sales during a period of rapid growth, when pri-
vate banks were unwilling to lend to us with-out a guarantee. 
This is important to understand, that 
one of the most important programs the Export-Import Bank sponsors is a guarantee of receivables from foreign countries, which American banks— quite logically in many cases because they don’t have the history, they can’t collect—are very reluctant to factor or to finance. 
She said: 
After 2 years of solid exports, our financial 
position strengthened so that the Ex-Im guarantee was no longer needed. Private banks now meet all our credit needs. Our ex-pansion and increased sales would have been impossible without Ex-Im’s involvement. We continue to use Ex-Im Bank to insure our re-ceivables to Ex-Im approved customers in de-veloping countries. We pay reasonable pre-miums for this insurance. 
This program makes money for the 
Federal government. This isn’t a hand-out. This isn’t corporate welfare. They are paying insurance premiums, which, over the past 20 years or so, have re-turned $7 billion to the U.S. Treasury. This makes money. She pays her pre-miums, and that is a positive for U.S. taxpayers. 
Being able to offer open payment terms for 
U.S.-made goods opens previously inacces-sible markets for us. Our major manufactur-ers—including HP, Dell and Lenovo—have committed to making more systems domes-tically to comply with Ex-Im’s ‘‘Made in USA’’ requirement for eligibility. This has a huge multiplier effect on US employment. . . . Since 2004, Planson’s annual export sales have grown from $5 million to $35 million. Our staff has grown from 5 to 35, and our payroll has increased to almost $2 million. We use local suppliers for a broad range of goods and services. 
She goes on to conclude: 
We achieve all this entirely through export 
sales. The U.S. Export-Import Bank is a key partner in our success. 
Why would we want to let this very 
valuable program expire for some theo-retical reason that, frankly, I just find inexplicable? It makes money for the American taxpayers. It is projected to continue to make money. But my pas-sion here is about its support for small businesses in Maine that otherwise could not make these sales into the international market. 
As I mentioned, allowing the Export- 
Import Bank charter to expire is a kind of unilateral disarmament in an era of intense global competition. It makes no sense. Sixty other countries have similar kinds of programs, and if we take ours away, what we are doing is handcuffing our businesses while the rest of the world is moving forward with their programs to support ex-ports. 
I used to start speeches in Maine by 
saying, simply, ‘‘Five percent.’’ People would look at me and say: What is he talking about, 5 percent? Well, 5 per-cent is the percentage of the world’s population that lives in North Amer-ica. That means that if our businesses are going to ultimately be successful, we have to sell into the rest of the world. We have to be able to export, 
and the Export-Import Bank is a very valuable tool in order to facilitate the export of goods from the United States. 
There is bipartisan support. I believe 
the votes are there in the House. Sen-ator M
CCONNELL has committed to a 
vote here in the Senate. I commend Senator C
ANTWELL and Senator G RA-
HAMfor their work on behalf of this. 
I hope we can bring this matter to a 
vote promptly and avoid the deadline of June 30. I do not know why we can-not do things around here before the night before. Let’s get this done and move on to more important topics. We should not even be having this debate. This ought to be automatic, as, indeed, it has effectively been for some 80 years. 
I hope my colleagues will join me in 
support of this program. We should not be playing games with this important agency at a time of such intense global competition. 
Madam President, I also wish to talk 
about the national defense authoriza-tion bill, which is also coming to the floor today and is on the floor today. 
Sixty-five years ago this week a 
freshman Senator from Maine rose on this floor, in this place, and made one of the most important speeches in American history. It certainly was one of the most important speeches of the 20th century. It was June 1, 1950. That freshman Senator was Margaret Chase Smith of Maine. I got to know Mar-garet Chase Smith after she left the Senate, in the 1980s and 1990s in Maine, before we lost her in 1995. 
She told me about that speech. The 
speech was about the dangers to the country and, particularly, to this insti-tution of the practices of Joseph McCarthy, of the smear campaigns, of the innuendo, of the threats. Her speech took enormous courage. She told me two stories about the speech that I think are interesting that I want to note before I go on to the implica-tions of that speech for what we are considering today. 
One was that, as she had the speech 
in her hand and got on the little trol-ley to come from the Russell Building over here—at that time the Russell Building was the only Senate office building—who should be sitting in the trolley in the seat next to her but Joe McCarthy. Senator Smith sat down and McCarthy turned to her and said: What are you up to today, Margaret? 
She told me that she responded: I am 
about to make a speech, Joe, and you are not going to like it. 
She went on to the Senate floor. She 
had written that speech with her close aide Bill Lewis at her kitchen table in Skowhegan, ME, over Memorial Day weekend of 1950. She had the speech in her hand, and Bill Lewis was in the press gallery right up here. But she told him not to hand out a copy of the speech until she was well into giving it on the Senate floor because she was afraid that she would lose her nerve and not deliver the speech. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.031 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3751 June 4, 2015 
That speech took enormous courage. 
It took enormous courage because she was telling her colleagues an uncom-fortable truth—an uncomfortable truth. I believe that today it is also im-portant that we face uncomfortable truths. 
I am a strong supporter of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act that is on the floor. I am a strong supporter of the need and the importance and how crucial that bill is to the defense and the security of this country. The most solid responsibility we have in this place is set forth in the preamble to the Constitution itself: to ‘‘provide for the common defense’’ and ‘‘insure domestic Tranquility.’’ That is what governments are established to do. That is the basic fundamental responsi-bility—to ‘‘provide for the common de-fense’’ and ‘‘insure domestic Tran-quility.’’ 
That is national security. That is 
what this bill that is on the floor today is all about. I worked in subcommittee on it. I have been to numerous, re-peated hearings, as the Presiding Offi-cer has, all through the winter and early spring, where we learned about the strategic challenges facing this country. I commend the chair of the committee for putting this in a stra-tegic context. We talked about big issues with people such as Henry Kis-singer and Brzezinski and Madeleine Albright before we started talking about the specifics that are in this bill. And then we had lengthy sub-committee meetings and subcommittee markups. 
For me, one of the most satisfying 
parts of my legislative experience here has been the markup of this bill, where we met as a committee, where we ar-gued and debated and voted and had a lot of amendments and tried to deal with it for 2 solid days and came to a conclusion, where, as I recall, the vote out of the committee was something like 22 to 4. It was a very powerful vote. 
I am in total support of this piece of 
legislation. However, my problem with the legislation is that it attempts to avoid the impact of the sequester through the use of the overseas contin-gency account money, which is not paid for. 
We have had hearings. Every hearing 
we have had this year has been talking about the danger of the sequester to national security. Indeed, I have been working with a number of my col-leagues to try to find a solution for the sequester, but the solution for the se-quester is not simply to borrow the money from our grandchildren. What bothers me about this legislation is that it is part of a pattern. When the chips are down around here, we borrow the money from our grandchildren. If 5- year-olds could vote and knew what we were doing to them, we would all be dead ducks because we are passing the bill on to them. I think we should fully fund the Department of Defense and the request at the level that is in this bill. I just do not think we should bor-
row the money to do it. 
Make no mistake, that is what we 
are doing. We are saying it is very im-portant, these are important expendi-tures, and it is critical for national de-fense that we make these expenditures but not critical enough to pay for them. That is the pattern. 
Earlier this year we passed the so- 
called tax extenders. They ought to be called tax-cut extenders because that is what they are. Everybody said they were important to economic develop-ment and they were important for the country and important for certainty for businesses. All that was true, but it was not enough to pay for them. We borrowed the money. 
Last year we passed a major rewrite 
of the Veterans’ Administration pro-gram, where everybody talked about how important this was, how impor-tant the Veterans Affairs Department was to our veterans, how much we owed our veterans, and how we had to take care of this. But then we turned around and borrowed the money from our grandchildren in order to fund it. We did not fund it. 
Recently, just in the last month or 
so, we fixed the so-called doc fix, which has been plaguing this place for a dozen years. But we did not really fix it. We fixed it as far as the docs are con-cerned, but we fixed it by borrowing the money. We did not pay for it. 
Many of my colleagues talk a lot 
around here about the deficit and the danger to the country. I think they are right. I think the deficit is a serious danger to this country. But it seems that the deficit is only a problem when we think it is a problem, and then the next day, it is not a problem anymore because we are going to borrow $38 bil-lion more to put into this bill. 
I think we need to stand up and pay 
for things. I am no angel. I voted for all those things that I listed. But I think it is time to start saying: Wait a minute; we cannot do this. By the way, by fixing the sequester in the Depart-ment of Defense, of course, we are not fixing it anywhere else in the Federal Government. Some people say: Well, that is OK because defense is impor-tant, and we are not so worried about these other programs. Well, I am sorry, but some of those other programs are little items such as the FBI. There has never been a time in the history of this country when the FBI was more impor-tant. 
We are facing serious, dangerous im-
minent threats. To not fund the FBI or the Border Patrol or the TSA and to have the sequester affect those agen-cies and kid ourselves that we are deal-ing with our national security respon-sibilities is just not responsible. It is just not right. And to borrow the money to fix some of these things is not responsible or fair to our grand-children. 
We are saying: We are just going to 
fix defense with this funny-money deal, a gimmick wrapped up in a trick, but we are not going to fix anything else. I 
talked about the FBI, the TSA, Border Patrol, and national security issues, but what about NIH and what about 
scientific research that can save lives? And we are having the sequester and saying: It is OK; we can do that. What about education? What about, yes, Head Start, which gives young people a chance to make a serious contribution to this country? 
I think the OCO trick that is in this 
bill is wrong on two counts. It is wrong on three counts, actually. No. 1, it is not paid for. No. 2 it is not really what the Defense Department needs. They need base budget authority so they can plan, so they can look to the future, and so they can make decisions on an ongoing basis that are necessary to commit to programs, plans, and projects that will defend this country. The short-term OCO solution does not do that. That is No. 2. 
No. 3, by ignoring the needs of the 
rest of the Federal Government, by ig-noring the needs of other parts of the national security apparatus, we are not serving the public we were sent here to look after. 
I support this bill, but I think we 
really ought to be thinking about al-ternative ways to fund the needs we have identified. It is too easy to say this is an important national priority but not important enough to pay for it. We are continually—even today, after all of the talk about deficits and budg-et control and everything else—finding ways to shift the burden to our kids and to our grandchildren. I do not think that is right. 
Senator R
EEDof Rhode Island has an 
amendment to this bill that I think is an important one. All it simply says is that we are not going to spend that OCO money in defense until we solve the problem more generally through-out the rest of the Federal Govern-ment. 
I realize it is not the responsibility of 
the Defense Department or of the Armed Services Committee to solve the overall budget problem within the Defense bill. But I think we have a re-sponsibility to look at the larger prob-lem, and we can contribute to its solu-tion by saying to our colleagues throughout this body and in the House that there has to be a comprehensive solution before we say we are going to fix only defense and we are only going to fix defense with borrowed money. 
There are three ways to solve this 
budget problem—three ways. One is by cuts, and there have already been sub-stantial cuts. From the projected budg-ets back in 2010, there is something like three-quarters of a trillion dollars that has already been cut from defense and other areas of the Federal budget. We have to continue to look at that, and we have to look at all aspects of the Federal budget. 
The second way is revenues. Nobody 
is supposed to talk about revenues around here, but the reality is that we are not paying our bills. To pat our-selves on the back for tax cuts when in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.032 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3752 June 4, 2015 
reality we are passing the expenses on 
to our children is just not honest. 
When we pass tax cuts here in a def-
icit situation and borrow the money to fill the hole, we are not cutting taxes. We are shifting the tax to our children. I do not think that is honest. I do not think that is responsible. I do not think that is what we were sent here to do. 
The third way, of course, to solve 
this budget problem is by economic growth. Some people say that the only way to grow the economy is to cut taxes. I have seen no economic study that says that works. Maybe it works if you are reducing taxes, as they did in 1960, from a 90-percent top marginal rate to now about 35 percent. Ok, I think that is significant. But to reduce that marginal rate by two or three points and say that it will stimulate a huge amount of economic activity— there is no economic justification for that. 
The two single biggest economic de-
velopment projects in the recent his-tory of the United States were the GI bill after World War II and the inter-state highway system. Both of them were investments, both of them cost money, and, by the way, our prede-cessors paid for them. They didn’t pass the bill on to us. They paid for them. 
So, yes, we need to control taxes. 
Yes, we need to think about strategic tax reductions in ways and areas that will actually help stimulate the econ-omy. I don’t understand how having some guy who is managing money in New York pay half the tax rate that his secretary makes is a stimulus to the economy. Yet that is what we are doing. 
We have to look at this problem in a 
comprehensive way. We have to look at health care costs, we have to look at the effects of demographics on Federal expenditures over the next 20 to 30 years, and we have to look at invest-ments that will help our economy grow. 
The Presiding Officer and I work 
hard on this bill. I think it is an impor-tant bill for the future of this country. I think it is an important bill to pro-tect the national security and to pro-vide for the common defense, but I think we need to do it in an honest and open way and not try to fill a short- term budget gap with money our chil-dren and our grandchildren are going to have to repay. I believe we can do this. I believe we can face this respon-sibility because that is why we are here. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Missouri. 
Mr. BLUNT. Madam President, some-
one already asked unanimous consent that U.S. Army MAJ Justin Gorkowski, who is a fellow in my Sen-ate office, be granted floor privileges for this debate. 
I just wanted to explain how pleased 
and lucky we have been to have the major with us to help with these issues. He is a graduate of West Point. 
He currently serves as an information operations officer. He served as an ad-viser to the Iraq Army during the surge in 2006 and 2007 and returned from Af-ghanistan in January of last year, where he had been responsible for psy-chological operations, electronic war-fare and military deception for Kandahar Province. He has been a great addition to our office during this debate, and in my view this debate is the most important debate we have. 
The No. 1 priority for the Federal 
Government is to defend the country. We can spend all the time we want talking about all the other priorities and all the things we should be doing and whether there is some sudden mys-tical balance between all of those pri-orities and defending the country, but in most of our States, and certainly in the State of Missouri, the one thing you can get the least argument on as to what the Federal Government should do that we can’t do for our-selves is defend the country. That is why for 54 years straight the Senate has passed a defense authorizing bill every year. There are very few things that get authorized every year, very few things that get debated every year, very few things that get looked at every year, but our national defense is one of those, and it is one of those for a reason. 
We hear all kinds of reasons not to 
move forward with this bill, and then you hear: But I am for the bill. Well, that is because people understand that this is one of the things the Federal Government is supposed to do and in my view the top thing we can’t in any way do for ourselves. Local govern-ment can’t do this, State governments can’t do this, individually we cannot do this, and that is why this debate is al-ways so important and why the Armed Services Committee voted this out 22 to 4 after all kinds of discussions, such as, well, maybe the minority would not vote for this for the reasons we just heard. But at the end of the day, the vote was 22 to 4 out of the committee. 
Chairman M
CCAINand Ranking Mem-
ber R EEDhave done a good job of bring-
ing this bill to the floor with bipar-tisan support and looking for ways to reform defense so we really focus our defense where the defenders are rather than where the defenders are not. 
This bill is focused on eliminating 
wasteful spending. It focuses on finding ways to reduce bureaucracy and streamline the critical military func-tions we have. It puts a focus on the fighting forces, not the bureaucratic forces in the defense structure. 
The bill identifies $10 billion in ex-
cessive and unnecessary spending and reallocates those funds to our true military capabilities. It also modern-izes the military retirement system so that many more who served have a re-tirement benefit from serving. The cur-rent retirement system benefits less than 20 percent of those who served in the Armed Forces because the people who benefit from the retirement pro-
gram are people who serve 20 years and retire at that point. This bill would create a system where servicemembers and taxpayers join together to create a retirement benefit which estimates that 75 percent of the people who served in the military would leave with a retirement benefit rather than only 17, 18, 20 percent of the people who leave the military. It is a reform that really honors all of those who served in a good way and doesn’t penalize anyone who served. It still allows people who have been serving under the old system to stay under the old system. Obvi-ously, the longer you stay in that sys-tem, the better you are going to do. But the options now are basically no retirement benefit or a retirement ben-efit that comes with substantial serv-ice and only with that kind of service. 
This bill creates retention bonuses to 
keep people in the military longer than 20 years. We have men and women re-tiring at the height of their capacity with technical skills that are not eas-ily replaced. This bill recognizes that and looks for ways to encourage them to continue to serve. 
Our State, the State of Missouri, has 
a real commitment to the military. More than 17,000 Active-Duty service-members serve in Missouri. We have important bases in our State. We have 8,000 civilian Department of Defense employees and more than 20,000 mem-bers of the Reserve and the National Guard. 
This bill authorizes funding to build 
a Consolidated Stealth Operations and Nuclear Alert Facility at Whiteman Air Force Base. It preserves and pre-vents the retirement of the A–10 plane that has wide support in the Congress, but more importantly the A–10 has wide support from the ground forces it supports from the air. When you talk to people who serve on the ground, General Odierno and others, will say that in their view there is no plane that does what this plane does. Of course, those who fly it and support it are very important. Whiteman Air Force Base, again, has the 442nd Fight-er Wing. It is an A–10 fighter wing which just returned from a deploy-ment. 
This bill also authorizes upgrades in 
our cargo aircraft, such as the C–130 aircraft, which will help the main force as well as the National Guard and Re-serves. 
In fact, Rosecrans Air National 
Guard Base in St. Joseph is a great training facility not only for our forces, but that base also serves as a training facility for our allies. At least 16 of our allies trained at this facility last year so they could figure out how to get supplies, how to get troops, and how to move things with those cargo planes in ways that they would not otherwise be able to do. 
This bill also takes an important 
step in moving forward with the new bomber. There is money here that would continue to fund the new plan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.033 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3753 June 4, 2015 
for the idea out there for a long-range 
bomber. We have to have that. We have to have a precision bombing capability that is better than anybody else’s. The planes we are using now have been the best planes in the world for a long time, but they will not be the best planes in the world forever, and it is time to begin to move forward, as we have been, toward that new plane. Those are all important projects. There 
are key initiatives here, such as pro-moting accountability and promoting the standards we need to have for per-formance in the military and how we reward those standards. 
This bill maintains critical quality- 
of-life programs for men and women who serve and their families. This bill addresses the needs of our wounded, ill, and injured servicemembers. 
This bill continues to provide critical 
assistance to our allies, particularly our ally Israel, where we have signifi-cant common research efforts. As we have all seen in recent years, the Da-vid’s Sling and Iron Dome weapon sys-tems are critical not only for Israel’s security, but they have been a critical proving ground for the kind of response that was once looked at as some kind of unachievable ‘‘Star Wars’’ capacity. Both David’s Sling and the Iron Dome have proved that capacity is, in fact, truly achievable, and we continue to move forward with that kind of defense system in this bill. 
This also goes a long way toward 
combating threats of cyber space and cyber security by evaluating what those vulnerabilities are and dealing with those vulnerabilities. 
I want to mention a few amendments 
I filed and intend to offer before we move on with this bill. I believe my amendments will strengthen the bill. First, I believe the military’s mental health screening process can be im-proved. We learned a lot about mental health and behavioral health over the past 15 years. I believe we can continue to adapt and, frankly, last year’s De-fense authorization bill had important steps in this direction. I was able to get on the bill when I was a member of the committee last year—not just the de-fense appropriating committee I serve on now but the defense authorizing committee I served on then. 
The amendments I will offer will im-
prove the predeployment health assess-ment and postdeployment health reas-sessment by requiring that all service-members be screened and that they don’t have to meet some criteria that every member of the service may not meet. While people are serving, it is important to establish the things that have happened to them, so if they need help years later, perhaps, and come back and ask for assistance in what truly was a post-traumatic event which was caused by their service but didn’t show up for a number of years, having the incidents and things that might have affected their mental health is important. 
The National Institutes of Health 
says that one in four adult Americans has a diagnosable and almost always 
treatable behavioral health issue. 
I asked the Surgeon Generals of the 
Armed Forces if that number applies to 
the Armed Forces, and without hesi-tation they said yes. They said: We re-cruit from the general population and there is no reason that number wouldn’t apply to people serving us in uniform. 
The key is diagnosable and treat-
able—diagnosable and treatable in a way that people aren’t held back by their behavior health issues any more than they are held back by their phys-ical health issues. They just need to be dealt with. 
We will look at mild traumatic stress 
injury potential, post-traumatic stress injury potential, and look at the things that might affect somebody as they move forward from their time in the service. What happens in the service and what can happen years after really matters. 
I think those amendments on mental 
health meet the evolving needs of serv-icemembers and hopefully the evolving needs of how we understand behavioral health as it relates to all other health. 
I have another amendment that 
would not allow the Army to go below the currently authorized end strength level of 475,000 soldiers. There are threats around the world, and we need to increase our national security. 
We heard General Odierno, Chief of 
Staff of the Army, testify earlier this year before the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee about the risk associ-ated with going below 490,000 soldiers. This amendment would say you can’t go below the 475,000 soldiers until the Secretary of Defense tells the Congress how he plans to reduce excess head-quarters elements and excess adminis-trative overhead. 
Just this morning, I read an article 
from military.com discussing Navy Secretary Ray Mabus’s recent com-ments about excessive bloat—his term—in the DOD headquarters func-tions. 
The article states: 
Secretary Mabus said Pentagon and Con-
gressional budget cutters should look at eliminating extra bureaucracy before slash-ing funds for sailors and ships. 
Mabus said 20 percent of the Pentagon 
budget is spent on what he called ‘‘pure over-head’’—items not directory linked to readi-ness or ongoing operations. 
He [Mabus] referred to this ‘‘overhead’’ as 
the fourth estate, specifying entities such as the office of the Secretary of Defense, de-fense agencies and organizations funded by the Under Secretaries of Defense. 
Here is a direct quote from Secretary 
Mabus: 
There are other places to look rather than 
taking tools from the warfighter. To the ex-tent you can, protect the stuff that actually gets to the warfighter. 
I think my amendment would ensure 
that the Secretary of Defense has to take that quote to heart. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate has an order for a vote at this hour. 
Mr. BLUNT. I ask unanimous consent 
for 1 additional minute. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BLUNT. I wish to make one 
other comment on one other amend-ment I have that I will speak more about later in this debate. It involves a concern I have for Iran’s growing influ-ence in Iraq and the failure we have had in maintaining the commitment we made to those Camp Liberty resi-dents whom we promised to protect. More than 100 residents have been killed at Camp Liberty. 
I recognize the State Department’s 
ongoing efforts, but they are not good enough. I believe the Secretary of De-fense needs to certify to the defense committees that the central govern-ment of Iraq is taking appropriate and sufficient steps to ensure the safety and security of Iranian dissidents housed in Camp Liberty in Iraq. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1494 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent to speak for 2 minutes on the pending amendment No. 1494. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Madam President, 
the Supreme Court has ruled it is un-constitutional to deny Federal benefits to legally married, same-sex couples and their children. Yet due to unre-lated provisions of the Federal Code, State legislatures have the ability to indirectly deny Federal benefits to cer-tain disabled veterans and their fami-lies solely because they are in a same- sex marriage. This is unjust and, ac-cording to the Supreme Court, it is un-constitutional. 
This amendment we are about to 
vote on would end the current prohibi-tion on benefits for gay and lesbian veterans and their families living in States that do not recognize same-sex marriage. 
I wish to quote from testimony we 
heard from the VFW at a Senate Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee hearing last month. The VFW said this, and I hope all of my colleagues will keep this in mind as we vote. ‘‘Simply put, if a vet-eran is legally married in a State that recognizes same-sex marriage, we’’— the VFW—‘‘believe the VA should pro-vide benefits to his or her spouse or surviving spouse the same way it does for every other legally married vet-eran.’’ 
Many of us speak all the time about 
the need to honor the service of our veterans and to make sure they have access to the care they deserve. This amendment will right a wrong that so many of our veterans who have fought and volunteered deserve to have. 
I hope our colleagues will support 
this amendment so we can ensure that those veterans are treated equally. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the question is on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.036 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3754 June 4, 2015 
agreeing to amendment No. 1494, of-
fered by the Senator from New Hamp-shire, Mrs. S
HAHEEN . 
Mr. M CCAIN. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the 
Senator from Nevada (Mr. H ELLER ), the 
Senator from Kansas (Mr. M ORAN ), and 
the Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from California (Mrs. B OXER ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 53, 
nays 42, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 203 Leg.] 
YEAS—53 
Ayotte 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Flake Franken Gillibrand 
Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Peters Portman Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—42 
Alexander 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Cassidy Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi 
Ernst Fischer Gardner Grassley Hatch Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Paul Perdue 
Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—5 
Boxer Graham Heller 
Moran Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
HOEVEN ). Under the previous order re-
quiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is re-jected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1506 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the question now occurs on amendment No. 1506, offered by the Senator from North Carolina, Mr. T
ILLIS . 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I want to 
thank Matt Donovan and Stephen Bar-ney of Senator M
CCAIN’s staff for their 
patience and assistance in drafting this amendment. 
I also want to thank COL Anthony 
Lazarski of Senator I
NHOFE ’s staff and, 
of course my senior colleague from Oklahoma. I say to the chairman and Senator 
R
EED, I have the privilege of rep-
resenting America’s Global Response Force, the XVIII ABN Corps and the 82nd ABN Division. 
As Senator R
EEDknows from his long 
service in the division, the 82nd is the most decorated combat unit in the Armed Forces—it is America’s Guard of Honor. 
GEN Colin Powell famously said, 
‘‘There is nothing that gets a bad guy’s attention quicker than knowing the 82nd ABN is flying straight for his nose.’’ 
But to put it bluntly, the Air Force 
wants to take the ‘‘air’’ out of ‘‘air-borne’’. 
In 2012 the Air Force decided to de-
activate the Reserve Air Wing at Pope Army Airfield at Fort Bragg and elimi-nate onsite daily support for training for XVIII ABN Corps, 82nd ABN and USASOC. 
The wing consists of 8–12 C–130Hs. Last year this committee required 
the Air Force to produce a report on the C–130 fleet during which time the Air Force was required to maintain its wings at Pope and Little Rock for 1 year—the report came out in April, the committee expected it last December. The Congress was to be given time to respond. 
Unfortunately, the Air Force began 
dismantling the Wing at Pope long be-fore the report was produced and in di-rect opposition to this committee’s in-structions. When asked about this, the Air Force said, ‘‘Congress said nothing about us taking away pilots and main-tainers, we are leaving the Aircraft’’. 
The chairman’s mark is full of behav-
iors like this: including Air Force re-fusal to heed the recommendations of the National Commission on the Air Force and the SECAF’s refusal to cut the size of AF headquarters. 
In my brief time in this body I have 
repeatedly asked the Air Force for doc-umentation as to the impact on Air-borne and Special Operations training the departure of dedicated Air Force Wings will have. I have been rebuffed by Pentagon leadership. 
The Deputy Commander of the USAF 
Reserve said that planes at Pope were a ‘‘luxury’’. The Chief of Staff of the Air Force said that the Air Force need-ed to maintain C–130s at Minneapolis, Youngstown, and Pittsburgh for impor-tant missions. With all due respect is there any mission at Pittsburgh, Youngstown, and Minneapolis that is as important as supporting Airborne and Special Operations units. 
In the last 3 months, the com-
manders of the XVIII ABN Corps and 82nd ABN have taken the extraor-dinary step of delivering public speech-es noting that Airborne and Special Operations leadership were not con-sulted about the Air Force decision and that the loss of onsite planes will se-verely hamper their ability to train and meet requirements of emergency contingencies. 
The Pope planes provide between 25 
to 40 percent of all Airborne and SOF daily training missions. Last year they 
dropped 50 percent of the 82nd ABN’s chutes; 440 AW provides 100 percent of 18 ASOG, Air Force, training—Air Force Special Operations Group. 
Even as a cost savings device, the 
transfer of 8 to 12 planes out of Pope makes no sense, as planes will have to be flown in—often on a voluntarily basis if they are Reserve units—from around the country and those units will have to go on TDY orders, etcetera. This also does not provide for the moving to the left effects of weath-er grounding planes that would have to fly into Pope from the rest of the coun-try. As the XVIII ABN Corps Com-mander said, the downstream effects will be problematic. 
This amendment is simple and it sup-
ports the C–130 Avionic Modernization Program that the Air Land Sub-committee validated yesterday by ac-cepting the chairman’s $75 million mark and the Manchin amendment. 
The Secretary of the Air Force shall, 
by September 30, 2017, station aircraft previously modified by the C–130 Avi-onics Modernization Program, AMP, in direct support of the daily training and contingency requirements of the Army Airborne and Special Operations units. The Secretary shall provide such per-sonnel as required to maintain and op-erate such aircraft. 
There are roughly 260 C–130Hs left—I 
believe the AF will try and retire up to 100, and it will hopefully replace 50 more with C–130J models—this leaves 100 C–130Hs that need AMP. 
The AF spent $2.3 billion on C–130H 
AMP, the program was on schedule and cost when the AF cancelled it, the de-sign was validated by the JROC, Joint Requirements Oversight Council, and the program had begun Low Rate Ini-tial Production, LRIP. 
We currently have five C–130H AMP 
aircraft at Little Rock that will be flown to the bone yard at a loss of approx $300 million, as well as four AMP kits that can be modified to fit any C–130H, three simulators and all software that will be thrown away 
We can have nine AMP C–130Hs plus 
simulators and software for $75 mil-lion—this also adheres to the law Con-gress passed last year and was vali-dated by the Manchin amendment yes-terday. 
The bottom line is, if the AF does not 
take this course, it will send the five C–130H AMP aircraft to the boneyard, wasting $300 million, not to mention the simulators and software. Total amount spent for AMP was $2.3 billion. Program was approved by JROC and 
was on schedule and cost when AF tried to cancel it. There are roughly 260 C–130Hs left—I believe the AF will try and retire up to 100, and it will hope-fully replace 50 more with C–130J mod-els—this leaves 100 C–130Hs that need AMP. Total cost to get nine aircraft, all simulators and software running again is approximately $75M which was funded this year. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.037 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3755 June 4, 2015 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, very 
quickly, the Senator from North Caro-lina worked very hard to get legislative language in the bill which has a study of the sufficiency of the airlift require-ments for the units stationed at Fort Bragg, NC. This legislation would take several aircraft that are at Little Rock and move them up to North Carolina. It would not effectively help the mobil-ity of our forces. It would micro-manage the use of military aircraft. As such, I would ask that there be a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There is a sufficient second. The question is on agreeing to the 
amendment. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ), the 
Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G RA-
HAM), the Senator from Nevada (Mr. 
HELLER ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. 
MORAN ), and the Senator from Florida 
(Mr. R UBIO). 
Further, if present and voting, the 
Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A LEX-
ANDER ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
Mr. REID. I announce that the Sen-
ator from California (Mrs. B OXER ), the 
Senator from Illinois (Mr. D URBIN ), and 
the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S AND-
ERS) are necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 48, 
nays 44, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 204 Leg.] 
YEAS—48 
Ayotte 
Barrasso Blunt Burr Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake 
Gardner Grassley Hatch Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Murkowski Paul 
Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—44 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boozman Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cotton Donnelly Feinstein Franken 
Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Peters Reed Reid Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—8 
Alexander 
Boxer Durbin Graham 
Heller Moran Rubio 
Sanders 
The amendment (No. 1506) was agreed 
to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
CHANGE OF VOTE  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, on roll-
call vote No. 204 I voted yes. It was my intention to vote no. I ask unanimous consent that I be permitted to change my vote since it will not affect the out-come. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I yield 
the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arkansas. 
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, on 
rollcall vote No. 204, I voted yes. It was my intention to vote no. Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that I be per-mitted to change my vote since it will not affect the outcome. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VOTE EXPLANATION  
∑Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I was 
necessarily absent for vote No. 204 on Tillis amendment No. 1506. Had I been in the Chamber I would have opposed this amendment. Section 136 of the un-derlying bill requires the Secretary of the Air Force in consultation with the Secretary of the Army to examine the daily training and contingency require-ments of the C–130 fleet on this issue. ∑ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 1618, 1539, 1551, 1571, 1484, AND 
1511 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1463 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, the 
ranking member and I have a small package of amendments that have been cleared by both sides. 
I ask unanimous consent that the fol-
lowing amendments be called up, re-ported by number, and agreed to en bloc: Shaheen No. 1618; McCain, Blumenthal, and Flake No. 1539; Sha-heen No. 1551; Warner No. 1571; Hoeven No. 1484; and Heller No. 1511. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the amend-
ments en bloc by number. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Arizona [Mr. M CCAIN], 
for others, proposes en bloc amendments numbered 1618, 1539, 1551, 1571, 1484, and 1511 to amendment No. 1463. 
The amendments en bloc are as fol-
lows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 1618 
In the appropriate place please insert the 
following: 
SENSE OF SENATE.—It is the sense of the 
Senate that— 
(1) the accidental transfer of live Bacillus 
anthracis, also known as anthrax, from an Army laboratory to more than 28 labora-tories located in at least 12 states and three countries discovered in May 2015 represents a serious safety lapse; 
(2) the Department of Defense, in coopera-
tion with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Federal Bureau of Investigation, should continue to investigate the cause of this lapse and determine if pro-tective protocols should be strengthened; 
(3) the Department of Defense should reas-
sess standards on a regular basis to ensure they are current and effective to prevent a 
reoccurrence; and 
(4) the Department of Defense should keep 
Congress apprised of the investigation, any potential public health or safety risk, reme-dial actions taken and plans to regularly re-assess standards. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1539 
(Purpose: To prohibit the Department of De-
fense from entering into contracts to fa-cilitate payments for honoring members of the Armed Forces at sporting events) 
Insert after section 342 the following: 
SEC. 342A. PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTS TO FA-
CILITATE PAYMENTS FOR HON-ORING MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AT SPORTING EVENTS. 
(a) S ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the 
Senate that— 
(1) the Army National Guard has paid pro-
fessional sports organizations to honor mem-bers of the Armed Forces; 
(2) any organization wishing to honor 
members of the Armed Forces should do so on a voluntary basis, and the Department of Defense should take action to ensure that no payments be made for such activities in the future; and 
(3) any organization, including the Na-
tional Football League, that has accepted taxpayer funds to honor members of the Armed Forces should consider directing an equivalent amount of funding in the form of a donation to a charitable organization that supports members of the Armed Forces, vet-erans, and their families. 
(b) P
ROHIBITION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 
134 of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed by inserting after section 2241a the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘§ 2241b. Prohibition on contracts providing 
payments for activities to honor members of the armed forces 
‘‘(a) P
ROHIBITION .—The Department of De-
fense may not enter into any contract or other agreement under which payments are to be made in exchange for activities by the contractor intended to honor, or giving the appearance of honoring, members of the armed forces (whether members of the reg-ular components or the reserve components) at any form of sporting event. 
‘‘(b) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in subsection 
(a) shall be construed as prohibiting the De-partment from taking actions to facilitate activities intended to honor members of the armed forces at sporting events that are pro-vided on a pro bono basis or otherwise funded with non-Federal funds if such activities are provided and received in accordance with ap-plicable rules and regulations regarding the 
acceptance of gifts by the military depart-ments, the armed forces, and members of the armed forces.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of subchapter I of chapter 134 of such title is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 2241a the following new item: 
‘‘2241b. Prohibition on contracts providing 
payments for activities to honor members of the armed forces at sporting events.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1551 
(Purpose: To require a study and report on 
the changes to the Joint Travel Regula-tions related to flat rate per diem for long term temporary duty travel that took ef-fect on November 1, 2014) 
At the end of subtitle C of title VI, add the 
following: 
SEC. 622. STUDY AND REPORT ON POLICY 
CHANGES TO THE JOINT TRAVEL REGULATIONS. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of 
the United States shall conduct a study on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.040 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3756 June 4, 2015 
the impact of the policy changes to the Joint 
Travel Regulations for the Uniformed Serv-ice Members and Department of Defense Ci-vilian Employees related to flat rate per diem for long term temporary duty travel that took effect on November 1, 2014. The study shall assess the following: 
(1) The impact of such changes on shipyard 
workers who travel on long-term temporary duty assignments. 
(2) Whether such changes have discouraged 
employees of the Department of Defense, in-cluding civilian employees at shipyards and depots, from volunteering for important temporary duty travel assignments. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than June 1, 2016, 
the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a report on the study required by subsection (a). 
AMENDMENT NO . 1571 
(Purpose: To express the sense of Congress 
on diversity among members of the Armed Forces) 
At the end of subtitle C of title V, add the 
following: 
SEC. 524. SENSE OF CONGRESS RECOGNIZING 
THE DIVERSITY OF THE MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The United States military includes in-
dividuals with a variety of national, ethnic, and cultural backgrounds that have roots all over the world. 
(2) In addition to diverse backgrounds, 
members of the Armed Forces come from nu-merous religious traditions, including Chris-tian, Hindu, Jewish, Muslim, Sikh, non-de-nominational, nonpracticing, and many more. 
(3) Members of the Armed Forces from di-
verse backgrounds and religious traditions have lost their lives or been injured defend-ing the national security of the United States. 
(4) Diversity contributes to the strength of 
the Armed Forces, and service members from different backgrounds and religious tradi-tions share the same goal of defending the United States. 
(5) The unity of the Armed Forces reflects 
the strength in diversity that makes the United States a great Nation. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the United States should— 
(1) continue to recognize and promote di-
versity in the Armed Forces; and 
(2) honor those from all diverse back-
grounds and religious traditions who have made sacrifices in serving the United States through the Armed Forces. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1484 
(Purpose: To require a report on Air Na-
tional Guard contributions to the RQ–4 Global Hawk mission) 
In title XVI, after subtitle A, insert the 
following: 
Subtitle B—Defense Intelligence and 
Intelligence-related Activities 
SEC. 1621. REPORT ON AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE RQ–4 GLOB-AL HAWK MISSION. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force, in co-ordination with the Chief of Staff of the Air Force and the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, shall submit to Congress a report on the feasibility of using the Air National Guard in association with the active duty Air Force to operate and maintain the RQ–4 Global Hawk. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by (a) 
shall include the following: (1) An assessment of the costs, training re-
quirements, and personnel required to create an association for the Global Hawk mission consisting of members of the Air Force serv-ing on active duty and members of the Air National Guard. 
(2) The capacity of the Air National Guard 
to support an association described in para-graph (1). 
AMENDMENT NO . 1511 
(Purpose: To require additional elements in 
the report on the plan on the privatization of the defense commissary system) 
On page 265, strike line 15 and insert the 
following: result of the implementation of the plan; 
(C) an assessment whether the privatized 
defense commissary system under the plan can sustain the current savings to patrons of the defense commissary system; 
(D) an assessment of the impact that pri-
vatization of the defense commissary system under the plan would have on all eligible beneficiaries; 
(E) an assessment whether the privatized 
defense commissary system under the plan can sustain the continued operation of exist-ing commissaries; and 
(F) an assessment whether privatization of 
the defense commissary system is feasible for overseas commissaries. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the amendments Nos. 1618, 1539, 1551, 1571, 1484, and 1511 are agreed to en bloc. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1543 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1463 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, on be-
half of Senator P AUL, I ask unanimous 
consent to set aside the pending amendment in order to call up amend-ment No. 1543. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Arizona [Mr. M CCAIN], 
for Mr. P AUL, proposes an amendment num-
bered 1543 to amendment No. 1463. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To strengthen employee cost sav-
ings suggestions programs within the Fed-eral Government) 
At the end of title XI, add the following: 
SEC. 1116. COST SAVINGS ENHANCEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4512 of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by inserting ‘‘or identification of surplus funds or unnecessary budget authority’’ after ‘‘mismanagement’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘or iden-
tification’’ after ‘‘disclosure’’; and 
(C) in the matter following paragraph (2), 
by inserting ‘‘or identification’’ after ‘‘dis-closure’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) The Inspector General of an agency or 
other agency employee designated under subsection (b) shall refer to the Chief Finan-cial Officer of the agency any potential sur-plus funds or unnecessary budget authority identified by an employee, along with any recommendations of the Inspector General or other agency employee. 
‘‘(d)(1) If the Chief Financial Officer of an 
agency determines that rescission of poten-tial surplus funds or unnecessary budget au-
thority identified by an employee would not hinder the effectiveness of the agency, ex-cept as provided in subsection (e), the head of the agency shall transfer the amount of the surplus funds or unnecessary budget au-thority from the applicable appropriations account to the general fund of the Treasury. 
‘‘(2) Title X of the Congressional Budget 
and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 681 et seq.) shall not apply to transfers under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) Any amounts transferred under para-
graph (1) shall be deposited in the Treasury and used for deficit reduction, except that in the case of a fiscal year for which there is no Federal budget deficit, such amounts shall be used to reduce the Federal debt (in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury considers appropriate). 
‘‘(e)(1) The head of an agency may retain 
not more than 10 percent of amounts to be transferred to the general fund of the Treas-ury under subsection (d). 
‘‘(2) Amounts retained by the head of an 
agency under paragraph (1) may be— 
‘‘(A) used for the purpose of paying a cash 
award under subsection (a) to 1 or more em-ployees who identified the surplus funds or unnecessary budget authority; and 
‘‘(B) to the extent amounts remain after 
paying cash awards under subsection (a), transferred or reprogrammed for use by the agency, in accordance with any limitation on such a transfer or reprogramming under any other provision of law. 
‘‘(f)(1) The head of each agency shall sub-
mit to the Director of the Office of Personnel Management an annual report regarding— 
‘‘(A) each disclosure of possible fraud, 
waste, or mismanagement or identification of potentially surplus funds or unnecessary budget authority by an employee of the agency determined by the agency to have merit; 
‘‘(B) the total savings achieved through 
disclosures and identifications described in subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(C) the number and amount of cash 
awards by the agency under subsection (a). 
‘‘(2)(A) The head of each agency shall in-
clude the information described in paragraph (1) in each budget request of the agency sub-mitted to the Office of Management and Budget as part of the preparation of the budget of the President submitted to Con-gress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code. 
‘‘(B) The Director of the Office of Per-
sonnel Management shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and the Govern-ment Accountability Office an annual report on Federal cost saving and awards based on the reports submitted under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(g) The Director of the Office of Personnel 
Management shall— 
‘‘(1) ensure that the cash award program of 
each agency complies with this section; and 
‘‘(2) submit to Congress an annual certifi-
cation indicating whether the cash award program of each agency complies with this section. 
‘‘(h) Not later than 3 years after the date of 
enactment of this subsection, and every 3 years thereafter, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on the operation of the cost savings and awards program under this section, in-cluding any recommendations for legislative changes.’’. 
(b) O
FFICERS ELIGIBLE FOR CASHAWARDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 4509 of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.011 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3757 June 4, 2015 
‘‘§ 4509. Prohibition of cash award to certain 
officers 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section, the term 
‘agency’— 
‘‘(1) has the meaning given that term 
under section 551(1); and 
‘‘(2) includes an entity described in section 
4501(1). 
‘‘(b) P ROHIBITION .—An officer may not re-
ceive a cash award under this subchapter if the officer— 
‘‘(1) serves in a position at level I of the 
Executive Schedule; 
‘‘(2) is the head of an agency; or ‘‘(3) is a commissioner, board member, or 
other voting member of an independent es-tablishment.’’. 
(2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 45 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 4509 and inserting the following: 
‘‘4509. Prohibition of cash award to certain 
officers.’’. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1564 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1463 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the pending amend-ment be set aside, and on behalf of Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , I call up amendment No. 
1564. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. 
REED], for Mr. B LUMENTHAL , proposes an 
amendment numbered 1564 to amendment No. 1463. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To increase civil penalties for vio-
lations of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act) 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. INCREASE IN CIVIL PENALTIES FOR 
VIOLATION OF SERVICEMEMBERS CIVIL RELIEF ACT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 801(b)(3) of the 
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. App. 597(b)(3)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking 
‘‘$55,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$110,000’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking 
‘‘$110,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$220,000’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply with respect to violations of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. App. 501 et seq.) that occur on or after such date. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I also ask 
unanimous consent that this amend-ment be considered as if it were offered before Senator P
AUL’s amendment to 
maintain an alternation between Democratic amendments and Repub-lican amendments. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1559 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1463 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the pending amend-ment be set aside, and on behalf of Sen-
ator D URBIN I call up amendment No. 
1559. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. R EED], 
for Mr. D URBIN , proposes an amendment 
numbered 1559 to amendment No. 1463. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To prohibit the award of Depart-
ment of Defense contracts to inverted do-mestic corporations) 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 832. PROHIBITION ON AWARDING OF DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE CON-TRACTS TO INVERTED DOMESTIC CORPORATIONS. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 137 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2338. Prohibition on awarding contracts to 
inverted domestic corporations 
‘‘(a) P
ROHIBITION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The head of an agency 
may not award a contract for the procure-ment of property or services to— 
‘‘(A) any foreign incorporated entity that 
such head has determined is an inverted do-mestic corporation or any subsidiary of such entity; or 
‘‘(B) any joint venture if more than 10 per-
cent of the joint venture (by vote or value) is owned by a foreign incorporated entity that such head has determined is an inverted do-mestic corporation or any subsidiary of such entity. 
‘‘(2) S
UBCONTRACTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The head of an execu-
tive agency shall include in each contract for the procurement of property or services awarded by the executive agency with a value in excess of $10,000,000, other than a contract for exclusively commercial items, a clause that prohibits the prime contractor on such contract from— 
‘‘(i) awarding a first-tier subcontract with 
a value greater than 10 percent of the total value of the prime contract to an entity or joint venture described in paragraph (1); or 
‘‘(ii) structuring subcontract tiers in a 
manner designed to avoid the limitation in paragraph (1) by enabling an entity or joint venture described in paragraph (1) to perform more than 10 percent of the total value of the prime contract as a lower-tier subcon-tractor. 
‘‘(B) P
ENALTIES .—The contract clause in-
cluded in contracts pursuant to subpara-graph (A) shall provide that, in the event that the prime contractor violates the con-tract clause— 
‘‘(i) the prime contract may be terminated 
for default; and 
‘‘(ii) the matter may be referred to the sus-
pension or debarment official for the appro-priate agency and may be a basis for suspen-sion or debarment of the prime contractor. 
‘‘(b) I
NVERTED DOMESTIC CORPORATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-
tion, a foreign incorporated entity shall be treated as an inverted domestic corporation if, pursuant to a plan (or a series of related transactions)— 
‘‘(A) the entity completes before, on, or 
after May 8, 2014, the direct or indirect ac-quisition of— ‘‘(i) substantially all of the properties held 
directly or indirectly by a domestic corpora-tion; or 
‘‘(ii) substantially all of the assets of, or 
substantially all of the properties consti-tuting a trade or business of, a domestic partnership; and 
‘‘(B) after the acquisition, either— ‘‘(i) more than 50 percent of the stock (by 
vote or value) of the entity is held— 
‘‘(I) in the case of an acquisition with re-
spect to a domestic corporation, by former shareholders of the domestic corporation by reason of holding stock in the domestic cor-poration; or 
‘‘(II) in the case of an acquisition with re-
spect to a domestic partnership, by former partners of the domestic partnership by rea-son of holding a capital or profits interest in the domestic partnership; or 
‘‘(ii) the management and control of the 
expanded affiliated group which includes the entity occurs, directly or indirectly, pri-marily within the United States, as deter-mined pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury, and such ex-panded affiliated group has significant do-mestic business activities. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR CORPORATIONS WITH  
SUBSTANTIAL BUSINESS ACTIVITIES IN FOREIGN  
COUNTRY OF ORGANIZATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A foreign incorporated 
entity described in paragraph (1) shall not be treated as an inverted domestic corporation if after the acquisition the expanded affili-ated group which includes the entity has substantial business activities in the foreign country in which or under the law of which the entity is created or organized when com-pared to the total business activities of such expanded affiliated group. 
‘‘(B) S
UBSTANTIAL BUSINESS ACTIVITIES .— 
The Secretary of the Treasury (or the Sec-retary’s delegate) shall establish regulations for determining whether an affiliated group has substantial business activities for pur-poses of subparagraph (A), except that such regulations may not treat any group as hav-ing substantial business activities if such group would not be considered to have sub-stantial business activities under the regula-tions prescribed under section 7874 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986, as in effect on 
May 8, 2014. 
‘‘(3) S
IGNIFICANT DOMESTIC BUSINESS ACTIVI -
TIES.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of para-
graph (1)(B)(ii), an expanded affiliated group has significant domestic business activities if at least 25 percent of— 
‘‘(i) the employees of the group are based 
in the United States; 
‘‘(ii) the employee compensation incurred 
by the group is incurred with respect to em-ployees based in the United States; 
‘‘(iii) the assets of the group are located in 
the United States; or 
‘‘(iv) the income of the group is derived in 
the United States. 
‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION .—Determinations pur-
suant to subparagraph (A) shall be made in the same manner as such determinations are made for purposes of determining substantial business activities under regulations re-ferred to in paragraph (2) as in effect on May 8, 2014, but applied by treating all references in such regulations to ‘foreign country’ and ‘relevant foreign country’ as references to ‘the United States’. The Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) may issue regulations decreasing the threshold percent in any of the tests under such regu-lations for determining if business activities constitute significant domestic business ac-tivities for purposes of this paragraph. 
‘‘(c) W
AIVER .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The head of an agency 
may waive subsection (a) with respect to any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.015 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3758 June 4, 2015 
Federal Government contract under the au-
thority of such head if the head determines that the waiver is required in the interest of national security or is necessary for the effi-cient or effective administration of Federal or Federally-funded programs that provide health benefits to individuals. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The head of an 
agency issuing a waiver under paragraph (1) shall, not later than 14 days after issuing such waiver, submit a written notification of the waiver to the Committees on Armed Services and Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives. 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICABILITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), this section shall not apply to any contract entered into before the date of the enactment of this section. 
‘‘(2) T
ASK AND DELIVERY ORDERS .—This sec-
tion shall apply to any task or delivery order issued after the date of the enactment of this section pursuant to a contract entered into before, on, or after such date of enactment. 
‘‘(3) S
COPE.—This section applies only to 
contracts subject to regulation under the Federal Acquisition Regulation and the De-fense Supplement to the Federal Acquisition Regulation. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS AND SPECIAL RULES .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this section, the 
terms ‘expanded affiliated group’, ‘foreign incorporated entity’, ‘person’, ‘domestic’, and ‘foreign’ have the meaning given those terms in section 835(c) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 395(c)). 
‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULES .—In applying sub-
section (b) of this section for purposes of sub-section (a) of this section, the rules described under 835(c)(1) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 395(c)(1)) shall apply.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2337 the following new item: 
‘‘2338. Prohibition on awarding contracts to 
inverted domestic corpora-tions.’’ 
(b) R
EGULATIONS REGARDING MANAGEMENT  
ANDCONTROL .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the 
Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall, for purposes of section 2338(b)(1)(B)(ii) of title 10, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a), prescribe regulations for pur-poses of determining cases in which the man-agement and control of an expanded affili-ated group is to be treated as occurring, di-rectly or indirectly, primarily within the United States. The regulations prescribed under the preceding sentence shall apply to periods after May 8, 2014. 
(2) E
XECUTIVE OFFICERS AND SENIOR MAN -
AGEMENT .—The regulations prescribed under 
paragraph (1) shall provide that the manage-ment and control of an expanded affiliated group shall be treated as occurring, directly or indirectly, primarily within the United States if substantially all of the executive officers and senior management of the ex-panded affiliated group who exercise day-to- day responsibility for making decisions in-volving strategic, financial, and operational policies of the expanded affiliated group are based or primarily located within the United States. Individuals who in fact exercise such day-to-day responsibilities shall be treated as executive officers and senior management regardless of their title. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
that Senators wait to speak—which I will be asking to be in morning busi-ness in about 2 or 3 minutes—while we finish seeing if the modification that may be at the desk is approved. I ask for their patience for 2 or 3 minutes until we get this done. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCAIN. I suggest the absence of 
a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1543, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the following amendment, No. 1543, be modified with the changes at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment, as modified, is as 
follows: 
At the end of title XI, add the following: 
SEC. 1116. COST SAVINGS ENHANCEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4512 of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by inserting ‘‘or identification of surplus funds or unnecessary budget authority’’ after ‘‘mismanagement’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘or iden-
tification’’ after ‘‘disclosure’’; and 
(C) in the matter following paragraph (2), 
by inserting ‘‘or identification’’ after ‘‘dis-closure’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) The Inspector General of an agency or 
other agency employee designated under subsection (b) shall refer to the Chief Finan-cial Officer of the agency any potential sur-plus funds or unnecessary budget authority identified by an employee, along with any recommendations of the Inspector General or other agency employee. 
‘‘(d)(1) If the Chief Financial Officer of an 
agency determines that rescission of poten-tial surplus funds or unnecessary budget au-thority identified by an employee would not hinder the effectiveness of the agency, ex-cept as provided in subsection (e), the head of the agency shall transfer the amount of the surplus funds or unnecessary budget au-thority from the applicable appropriations account to the general fund of the Treasury. 
‘‘(2) Any amounts transferred under para-
graph (1) shall be deposited in the Treasury and used for deficit reduction, except that in the case of a fiscal year for which there is no Federal budget deficit, such amounts shall be used to reduce the Federal debt (in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury considers appropriate). 
‘‘(e)(1) The head of an agency may retain 
not more than 10 percent of amounts to be transferred to the general fund of the Treas-ury under subsection (d). ‘‘(2) Amounts retained by the head of an 
agency under paragraph (1) may be— 
‘‘(A) used for the purpose of paying a cash 
award under subsection (a) to 1 or more em-ployees who identified the surplus funds or unnecessary budget authority; and 
‘‘(B) to the extent amounts remain after 
paying cash awards under subsection (a), transferred or reprogrammed for use by the agency, in accordance with any limitation on such a transfer or reprogramming under any other provision of law. 
‘‘(f)(1) The head of each agency shall sub-
mit to the Director of the Office of Personnel Management an annual report regarding— 
‘‘(A) each disclosure of possible fraud, 
waste, or mismanagement or identification of potentially surplus funds or unnecessary budget authority by an employee of the agency determined by the agency to have merit; 
‘‘(B) the total savings achieved through 
disclosures and identifications described in subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(C) the number and amount of cash 
awards by the agency under subsection (a). 
‘‘(2)(A) The head of each agency shall in-
clude the information described in paragraph (1) in each budget request of the agency sub-mitted to the Office of Management and Budget as part of the preparation of the budget of the President submitted to Con-gress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code. 
‘‘(B) The Director of the Office of Per-
sonnel Management shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and the Govern-ment Accountability Office an annual report on Federal cost saving and awards based on the reports submitted under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(g) The Director of the Office of Personnel 
Management shall— 
‘‘(1) ensure that the cash award program of 
each agency complies with this section; and 
‘‘(2) submit to Congress an annual certifi-
cation indicating whether the cash award program of each agency complies with this section. 
‘‘(h) Not later than 3 years after the date of 
enactment of this subsection, and every 3 years thereafter, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on the operation of the cost savings and awards program under this section, in-cluding any recommendations for legislative changes.’’. 
(b) O
FFICERS ELIGIBLE FOR CASHAWARDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 4509 of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 4509. Prohibition of cash award to certain 
officers 
‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the term 
‘agency’— 
‘‘(1) has the meaning given that term 
under section 551(1); and 
‘‘(2) includes an entity described in section 
4501(1). 
‘‘(b) P ROHIBITION .—An officer may not re-
ceive a cash award under this subchapter if the officer— 
‘‘(1) serves in a position at level I of the 
Executive Schedule; 
‘‘(2) is the head of an agency; or ‘‘(3) is a commissioner, board member, or 
other voting member of an independent es-tablishment.’’. 
(2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 45 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 4509 and inserting the following: 
‘‘4509. Prohibition of cash award to certain 
officers.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.017 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3759 June 4, 2015 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana. 
f 
CLEAN WATER ACT RULE 
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I rise 
today to share my concerns regarding the administration’s recently finalized Clean Water Act rule issued by the EPA and the Army Corps of Engineers to define waters of the United States. 
The Clean Water Act clearly states it 
is the ‘‘policy of Congress to recognize, preserve, and protect the primary re-sponsibilities and rights of States to prevent, reduce, and eliminate pollu-tion.’’ Despite this partnership and the limits to Federal authority, the Presi-dent and his administration, along with some lawmakers, have sought in recent years to clarify and extend the scope of Federal jurisdiction under the Clean Water Act in a manner that would expand the Federal Govern-ment’s ability to regulate waters of the United States—in short, a Federal power grab. Changing the scope of the law, including the Clean Water Act, is solely the responsibility of Congress. Yet, the President’s administration has again elected to bypass the legislative process by finalizing this rule. 
When I am in Louisiana, I consist-
ently hear from my constituents about the impacts this rule could have on pri-vate property development, timberland, farmland, and other bodies of water that would be subject to Fed-eral control. They tell me this rule will create more uncertainty and impact in-frastructure projects and jobs despite the EPA and the Corps’ assurances to the contrary. 
Louisiana is experiencing significant 
economic growth—growth that is bringing jobs to those Americans who have had the hardest time finding jobs with this recent poorly performing economy. This progress will be nega-tively affected as a result of this rule. 
In addition to the increased costs and 
regulations, the rule invites costly liti-gation, and it can significantly restrict the ability of landowners to make deci-sions about their property and make it harder for State and local governments to plan for their own development. 
Let me note that this is not the only 
rule the EPA has been working on that will negatively impact the economy and the job growth in my State. Their proposed rule to lower the standard for ground-level ozone will hurt job devel-opment in Louisiana, carrying with it health impacts to workers and families that are not fully considered by the EPA. It is clearly established that the higher the standard of living, the healthier the family. These rules will 
lower the standard of living for those who lose their jobs. 
In Calcasieu Parish, more than $60 
billion in various manufacturing projects are underway and are in the process of being approved—that is $60 billion with a ‘‘b.’’ These will require construction workers—again creating the kinds of jobs our economy needs more of. These projects can be severely impacted as a consequence of this rule. 
We see in this graphic display the 
navigable waters prior to the release of the rule this past week in Calcasieu Parish. Now we will see the bodies that will fall under the jurisdiction of the Federal Government under the final-ized rule. Again, this here is under cur-rent law. And that is what it will be. This will impact the ability of local government to plan their development. 
Instead of people in Louisiana decid-
ing how best to use their property, the Federal Government will be able to dictate many land use decisions, which have always been local. Again, this rule is a major takeover effort by the EPA and the Army Corps of Engineers. The administration has stated that this rule is narrowly defined. However, under the new definitions for tribu-taries, adjacent waters, and waters that are neighboring a traditional nav-igable water, virtually any water body could fall under the Agency’s regu-latory authority. And if certain bodies of water don’t fit these definitions, the Agency can make a case-by-case deter-minations of significant nexus. 
Assistant Secretary Jo-Ellen Darcy 
from the Army Corps said last week that this rule is a huge win for public health and the economy and reflects that clean water matters to the Amer-ican people. 
First, let me point back to this map 
that community leaders in Calcasieu Parish provided for me, highlighting that this is not a win for the economy and could significantly impact eco-nomic and private land development moving forward. 
Secondly, as a physician—I am a doc-
tor—I understand the importance of human health, and I also understand the impacts on human health as a con-sequence of overregulation by the Fed-eral Government. If people are poor, their health suffers. There is a strong statistical relationship when, because of regulations and regulatory uncer-tainty, jobs are lost overseas. Again, I believe this revised rule is a power grab by the administration and not based upon any congressional action. 
We took a vote on this issue back in 
March, during the budget debate, to limit the expansion of Federal jurisdic-tion under the Clean Water Act, which I supported. Last fall, we took a simi-lar vote while I was in the House of Representatives to repeal this harmful regulation. My colleague from Wyo-ming, Senator J
OHN BARRASSO , has a 
bill, the Federal Water Quality Protec-tion Act. It is a good bill that provides clarity for how EPA should and should not define the waters of the United 
States. I know the chairman of the En-vironment and Public Works Com-mittee, Senator I
NHOFE of Oklahoma, 
intends to move this bill through his committee soon, and I wish to offer my support for that legislation. 
Again, we have seen time and again 
that this administration will attempt to overreach the limits of what the ex-ecutive branch should do. When it comes to the EPA’s overreach, the waters of the United States rule isn’t the exception; it is the norm. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
EXTENSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to a period of morning busi-ness, with Senators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Michigan. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATION ACT 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I 
wish to speak about the bill that is be-fore us and reauthorizing funding pri-orities for the Department of Defense. 
I wish first to congratulate Chairman 
M
CCAIN and Ranking Member J ACK 
REED for working together on a very 
important bill. There are a lot of im-portant issues and a lot of important priorities in this legislation for our home State in Michigan. 
The fact that we are supporting the 
A–10s so our troops have the close air support they need is very important. It is important that we are continuing to invest in research and development and new kinds of technologies. We are very proud in Michigan to be the ones that are on the frontlines providing re-search and development for the Army. If the Army drives it, we design it, fix it, and build it in Warren, MI, and in the surrounding area of Macomb Coun-ty that we call the Defense Corridor, and we are very proud of that. We have vital military equipment manufactured here in the United States, and in Michigan, specifically, that is sup-ported in this legislation. 
It provides very important pay in-
crease and support for our troops that are actually critical. 
My concern is not with the contents 
of what we are doing in this particular bill in terms of supporting the defense of our country and supporting our troops. It is the fact that we have budget gimmicks being used to fund the Department of Defense. 
Our troops deserve more than budget 
gimmicks. Those on the frontlines de-serve more than basically funding es-sential services or pay raises or essen-tial equipment through funds that we know are sort of made-up funds—an-other name for deficit spending. This has been done over the years, as we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.048 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3760 June 4, 2015 
went to war in Iraq and Afghanistan, 
when there was a fund set up—the over-seas contingency account—not includ-ing any money in it, but it was a way to mask the fact that we were not funding the wars and we were in fact abusing deficit spending to do it. 
So to continue that with the critical 
items in this bill is a mistake and, frankly, not worthy of the men and women who are on the frontlines, put-ting their lives—putting themselves— in harm’s way every single day. So it is critical that we do better in terms of this budget and the structure of this budget. 
Our families also deserve better, be-
cause we need to fully fund the full de-fense of our country—both here at home and overseas—without budget gimmicks, without adding to the def-icit. All those things that create a strong country and security for our families need to be done in a way that does not include budget gimmicks. And that, frankly, is not what is being pro-posed. 
That is why I am very proud to be a 
cosponsor of Senator R
EED’s amend-
ment, which would cap the spending on what has been called this overseas con-tingency account. Others of us at var-ious points have called it the fake money account because there is no money in it. It is a fancy way of cov-ering up the fact that we are spending and adding to the deficit. Senator R
EED 
would basically indicate that this would be capped. We would try to begin to rein that in, to cap that amount. We would also say very clearly that we are going to address the issues that affect the United States in terms of our strength, the defense, broadly, of our country—whether it is in the Depart-ment of Defense or whether it is in other parts of our overall budget as a Nation—by basically lifting the caps— for those watching, we talk about the Budget Control Act, but there are caps—in a way so we can fully fund both the Department of Defense but also the other things that need to be done to create security and to fully make sure our families are safe, our economy is safe, and that we are ag-gressively moving forward as an econ-omy. 
That is what Senator R
EED’s amend-
ment would do. It brings some balance. It begins to rein in what is a policy that does not make sense in terms of using budget gimmicks. As I said be-fore, our troops certainly deserve bet-ter than that, and our families deserve better than that. 
Using gimmicks is a convenient way 
to avoid dealing with what the real problem is. There is this thing called sequestration. People wonder: What in the world is that? We put in a policy a number of years ago to limit spending. The good news is that we have brought the annual budget deficit down by two thirds. This is good news for our coun-try. Two thirds of the annual deficit is gone. But now, as we go forward and look at what is going to grow the econ-omy and what is going to keep us safe, 
we look at the threats around the world that are coming at us—not just through the Department of Defense but through every area of the budget. When we look at what we need in terms of jobs and the economy and so on, we know we need to revisit that policy and stop the gimmicks. Don’t use gim-micks going forward to pretend that we are still meeting sequestration but to look honestly at the needs of our coun-try today and move forward. 
Frankly, on the security front alone, 
security is more than just what hap-pens at the Department of Defense, as important as that is. It is all of the programs that we rely on day in and day out to keep our country safe. Cer-tainly, we care about border security all the time. That is not predominantly funded in the Department of Defense. We look at cyber security. It is one of the No. 1 issues we have, and we are hearing now from a consumer stand-point, from a security threat or ter-rorist standpoint, and from a business security standpoint. Cyber security is absolutely critical, and it is not given the same priority of importance as the Department of Defense is as we look at the overall defense of our country. 
Counterterrorism—who answers the 
call, no matter what it is? In Boston, a terrorist attack—who was on the frontlines there? It was local police, local fire, which are under the broad budget parameters that are being dis-cussed now by the majority. The Re-publican majority would provide less funding—less funding—for the frontline defense in our neighborhoods and in our communities. 
Stopping weapons of mass destruc-
tion, airport security is something we all know about as we get on airplanes all the time, every week. There is Ebola protection, when we look at the Centers for Disease Control and all of the issues that relate to diseases— whether it is threats at home or wheth-er it is those that can be used in some way as a terrorist attack. Many of the Federal agencies fighting terrorism at home and protecting us from deadly diseases such as Ebola will not receive critical funding under the budget that has been proposed. 
Now, there is a willingness to use 
budget gimmicks in the Department of Defense. Again, our troops are cer-tainly worthy of much more than budg-et gimmicks. But when we look more broadly at the whole budget, we don’t even see enough to use budget gim-micks of these things. I don’t think we should be using budget gimmicks, but the point is there is not an acknowl-edgement that there is more to defense and safety for our country than just in one department. 
To be strong abroad we need to be 
strong at home, as well, and in so many other areas, as we know. If we want to talk about competing around the globe, if we want to talk about what we need to be doing to be secure, to have a robust economy, to outcompete the competition, we have 
also to talk about educating our young people—which, by the way, is cut in the overall scheme of things in this budget. We have to talk about lowering the costs of college. If there is one thing we are hearing over and over from young people or from those going back to job training programs who lost their job in the economy, going back to get new skills to get a new job, it is about the huge debts they are incur-ring to do the right thing. People com-ing out of college are now in a situa-tion where they can’t qualify even to buy that first home. They are telling me: Do something about college loan debt. We can’t help young people com-ing out of college to buy a house. They don’t qualify because of the amount of debt, and the amount of debt they have will equal a house. That is a security issue for us—education, the ability to have a college education, job training. 
Investing in cures for diseases—how 
exciting it is for us to hear about all the opportunities now through the Na-tional Institutes of Health. We have so many promising opportunities and treatments and cures, such as on Alz-heimer’s—which, by the way, takes one out of every five Medicare dollars—and in other areas, such as cancers, Parkin-son’s disease, mental health disorders. That is part of our strength and being secure and strong and robust for the fu-ture. 
Of course, if we are going to be 
strong, we have to fix our roads and our bridges, and we don’t have dollars in this budget. In fact, the whole high-way trust fund is going to run out in less than 60 days now if no action is taken by the majority, if there is no sense of urgency from our Republican colleagues. 
So we look overall at securing those 
things at home and abroad, whether it is making sure—beyond the Depart-ment of Defense—that we are funding our border security, cyber security, counterterrorism, police and fire de-partments, airport security, and Ebola protection or whether it is investing in our own people in all of this to create the opportunity for strong businesses, entrepreneurs, and an educated work-force or for infrastructure, making sure that we have those airports and we have those roads. 
As I conclude, let me say that all of 
this leads to the fact that we need to next week vote yes on Senator R
EED’s 
amendment because that is what it is all about: real safety, real security, growing the economy of our country. Our people deserve better than budget gimmicks that are in this bill. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Montana. 
f 
OBAMACARE 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, it has 
been 5 years since Americans were forced into a broken and unhappy rela-tionship with ObamaCare. Ever since 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.050 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3761 June 4, 2015 
the implementation of this failed law, 
Americans have received one broken promise after another. For Montana families, reflecting on the con-sequences of this law is not a happy trip down memory lane. Too many Montanans have seen their work hours cut, they have been forced off the plans they liked, and they were told they could not see the doctors whom they trusted. 
The reviews have been in for quite 
some time, and ObamaCare is not any-thing close to what Montanans were promised. Five years later, insurance companies are still unable to find sta-ble rates that do not force more uncer-tainty and hardship upon Montanans. It has been widely reported across the country that rates for millions of Americans are set to skyrocket again. Look no further than Montana, where it is evident that health care premiums are not as affordable as President Obama promised they would be. Poli-cies sold through ObamaCare ex-changes are becoming even more ex-pensive. In fact, in Montana, according to filings with the Montana Commis-sioner of Securities and Insurance, in-surers across the board are asking for double-digit increases for 2016 policies on top of more increases that occurred just last year. 
Blue Cross Blue Shield, which is 
Montana’s largest insurer that boasts 255,000 consumers in the State, is ask-ing for an average increase of 23 per-cent for Montanans enrolled in indi-vidual plans. That is the start. 
PacificSource filed papers with the 
commissioner requesting an average of a 31-percent increase for individual plans. What about Montana Health CO- OP? They have requested a 38-percent increase for individual plans. And Mon-tanans who were insured under Time Insurance are facing a staggering 47- percent increase in 2016. 
Increased premiums make it harder 
for Montanans to have access to afford-able health care. It is money that no longer is in the pockets of Montanans, and those rate increases are not just in Montana. Across the Nation, Ameri-cans are seeing massive and debili-tating rate increases. These hikes are a far cry from what Montanans—from what the American people were prom-ised. 
In 2007, President Obama said himself 
that by the end of his first term, ObamaCare would ‘‘cover every Amer-ican and cut the cost of a typical fam-ily’s premium by up to $2,500 a year.’’ 
Montanans have not seen their pre-
miums decreased by $2,500 a year. It is not even close. Unfortunately, this is the predictable result of forcing a par-tisan piece of legislation through Con-gress without transparent consider-ation or bipartisan input. We need to ensure health care is affordable, and it needs to be accessible for all Mon-tanans. That starts with repealing ObamaCare, repealing its costly man-dates, repealing its burdensome taxes, and repealing the senseless regulations. ObamaCare is not working and it is not 
popular. This law is a bureaucratic nightmare that hurts small businesses. 
I just came out of a meeting with 
some homebuilders and small business owners from Montana. I showed them this chart before I came down to the floor. One of the builders said: This likely means I no longer will be able to provide health care insurance for my employees. 
Growing up in Montana, I grew up 
hunting, camping, backpacking, fish-ing. In fact, I was fly fishing in Mon-tana before Brad Pitt made it cool in the movie ‘‘A River Runs Through It.’’ I know that when your fishing line gets tangled up, you have two options. I have been there many times on one of the banks of Montana’s rivers. Some-times you take a minute, sometimes you take several minutes, and you work to untangle the line. But other times the line gets so badly knotted up that the best option, instead of spend-ing a long time untangling the line, is to simply cut the line. 
After 5 failed years, the American 
people know ObamaCare is too badly tangled to fix. It is time to cut the line and tie on a new fly. 
I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATION ACT 
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, I 
wish to begin my comments on this year’s National Defense Authorization Act, S. 1376, by thanking all of the members of the Strategic Forces Sub-committee. I would especially like to thank the subcommittee’s chairman, Senator S
ESSIONS , for the close work-
ing relationship we share. 
I want my colleagues to note that 
Senator S ESSIONS and his staff worked 
closely with me and my staff in devel-oping the elements of the bill per-taining to the Strategic Forces Sub-committee. This bipartisan effort has proved fruitful as all of our provisions were adopted unanimously by the full committee during the markup of this bill. 
The annual National Defense Author-
ization Act is one of the most impor-tant pieces of legislation Congress passes every year, and this year will mark what I hope will be the passing of a defense authorization act for the 54th year in a row. 
I would like to give my colleagues a 
brief overview of the provisions in what we will call the NDAA, which we are considering today, as they relate to the Strategic Forces Subcommittee. The jurisdiction of the subcommittee 
includes missile defense, strategic forces, space programs, the defense- funded portions of the Department of Energy, nonproliferation, and the De-fense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board. 
In preparing the provisions in the bill 
that relate to the areas of our jurisdic-tion, the subcommittee held six hear-ings and three briefings on defense pro-grams at the Department of Energy, strategic nuclear forces, missile de-fense, and space programs at the De-partment of Defense. 
As I mentioned before, our com-
mittee oversees the strategic nuclear forces based on a triad of air, sea, and land-based delivery platforms. This triad is, as Secretary Carter has called it, ‘‘the bedrock’’ of our national de-fense posture. In the wake of the De-partment of Defense’s 2014 nuclear en-terprise review, this is a significant year for reforms and investments to ensure the safety, security, and the ef-fectiveness of our nuclear deterrent. 
Among the key priorities going for-
ward, I look forward to working with our leaders at the Department of En-ergy, at DOD, and my colleagues on the committee to take advantage of smart opportunities to enhance commonality across nuclear systems, sharing exper-tise and resources across the services— particularly the Navy and Air Force— to enhance the capabilities and cost-ef-fectiveness of our nuclear deterrent in the future. 
Critically, the bill creates a position 
in the Air Force responsible for nuclear command, control, and communica-tions acquisition and policy. The Air Force is responsible for over 70 percent of this mission, which essentially con-nects the President to the nuclear weapon and the delivery platform. We have found that since the communica-tions layers involve space, air, and ground systems, there is fragmentation in an overall strategy as we begin the modernization of the overall system, which must be fail-safe. 
Through hearings and briefings con-
cerning the state of other nations’ nu-clear programs, it was clear that we face an increasingly complex global nu-clear environment. We are well past the days of the Cold War. Today, our deterrent strategy must now account for a wide range of nuclear-armed na-tions beyond simply Russia to now in-clude Pakistan, India, North Korea, and even China’s modernization of its strategic arsenal. Our bill contains a provision that directs the Office of Net Assessment to begin a study on what effect, if any, this multipolar nuclear environment will have on our deterrent strategy. This is an important area which will only grow as time goes on. 
In the area of missile defense, this 
bill fully authorizes the President’s budget request for the Missile Defense Agency and maintains our commit-ments to key allies. It includes several provisions that advance MDA’s efforts to deploy additional sensors and to im-prove the reliability and effectiveness 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.052 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3762 June 4, 2015 
of the ground-based interceptors. The 
bill also contains the GAO’s annual re-view of MDA’s acquisition programs. 
Moving on to space programs, the bill 
addresses several key aspects of space system acquisition. It includes impor-tant provisions aimed at maintaining fair competition among space launch providers through fiscal year 2017. It does not, however, solve a potential 2- to 3-year gap after that, as launch pro-viders work to develop and certify a new American-made rocket engine to replace the Russian RD–180. I hope that gap does not occur, but if it does, I am sure this committee will revisit and correct the issue so we can maintain a competitive and healthy launch indus-trial base that both ensures DOD’s ac-cess to space and saves taxpayer dol-lars. The bill also makes important contributions to ensuring that we ad-dress the threats we may face in space by requiring an interagency policy and a principal DOD position to address these threats. 
We have authorized the President’s 
requested level of funding for the nu-clear modernization programs at the Department of Energy’s National Nu-clear Security Administration, or NNSA. We also create a program that enables the scientists and engineers at the NNSA to work on new concepts and methods that shorten the time and the cost for future life extensions of our warheads. 
Let me close noting that we fully 
fund the President’s request for non-proliferation at both the National Nu-clear Security Administration and the Department of Defense. At the NNSA, these programs collect loose nuclear material around the world, which could be used as terrorist devices against us. The NNSA also maintains a network of radiation detectors at borders across the world to detect the illegal transfer of nuclear material before it can cross our borders here in America. 
Finally, the Cooperative Threat Re-
duction Program at the Department of Defense will continue to secure weap-ons of mass destruction all around the world, as it did with Syria’s chemical weapons and dangerous pathogens at Ebola clinics in West Africa. The rel-atively small sum of money in this pro-gram has made a noticeable difference in reducing dangerous threats to our country. 
I take particular pride in this pro-
gram as the enduring legacy of my fel-low Hoosier, Senator Richard Lugar, who has done our Nation and the world a great service as a champion for nu-clear nonproliferation. He and Senator Sam Nunn were extraordinary leaders, and we are proud to try to follow in their tradition. 
I again thank Senator S
ESSIONS for 
the productive and bipartisan relation-ship we have had on the subcommittee and also all members on the sub-committee for taking part in our hear-ings and in crafting the provisions under this subcommittee’s jurisdiction. I look forward to working with our 
colleagues to pass this important legis-lation. 
I yield back any remaining time that 
has been allotted. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak in morn-ing business for up to 15 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, we have 
had a number of our colleagues come to the floor to talk about the importance of the Export-Import Bank, and I want to see if I can put in context the excep-tionally important work done by our colleagues Senator C
ANTWELL and Sen-
ator H EITKAMP on this issue. 
We have been talking in this body for 
weeks now about the importance of trade and particularly tapping global markets, given the fact that there are going to be 1 billion middle-class peo-ple in the developing world in 2025. This is an exceptional opportunity for us to be able to sell the products we make here, whether they are com-puters or wine or helicopters or planes, you name it. 
We had a big debate about trade pro-
motion authority. What I want to spend just a few minutes talking about is whether a Senator was for trade pro-motion authority or not, they ought to support the Export-Import Bank be-cause the Export-Import Bank provides key financing tools to promote prod-ucts that are made in my home State, in the States of our colleagues, and all across the land. It has supported tens of thousands of American jobs—even hundreds of thousands—for decades. It doesn’t cost American taxpayers a sin-gle dime. In fact, the Export-Import Bank covers its own costs and then some. It actually generates revenue for taxpayers—$7 billion over the last two decades and $675 million in fiscal year 2014 alone. 
So what I would submit is the Ex-
port-Import Bank is a way to ensure that in this country we get trade done right. I happen to believe it makes sense to support the trade promotion act because that is going to ensure that we are going to have a chance to drive down some of those tariffs that are barriers to American products. Whether you are for it or not, you ought to support the Export-Import Bank because it provides key tools so we can reduce barriers to our exports, take on modern challenges that threat-en American workers, and fight to cre-ate more high-wage jobs in the United States because it provides the financ-
ing you need in order to actually se-cure one of these deals. The Export-Im-port Bank is a core part of getting trade done right. 
Countries, including Germany, 
Japan, Mexico, and Canada, all have agencies that are up and running and do it in a fashion that make their ex-ports more competitive. How are they doing it? They are using financing tools, including supporting their manu-facturers and pushing their products into the global marketplace. 
As Senators C
ANTWELL and H EITKAMP  
have said, we need this tool to make sure our country doesn’t fall behind. We shouldn’t let the Export-Import Bank become some kind of ideological pinata that you keep bashing on, not recognizing it will hurt our competi-tiveness. I think it would be legislative malpractice to let the Bank expire be-cause it would needlessly endanger the thousands of businesses and tens of thousands of jobs supported by Ex-Im, including many in my home State. 
In particular, in Oregon, one can see 
that Ex-Im is a very substantial help to small- and medium-sized companies. In fact, 86 percent of the funds dis-bursed in fiscal year 2014 went to small businesses. Thanks to the Export-Im-port Bank, companies in Albany could find markets abroad and hire new workers. They manufacture important things such as titanium casting. 
Selmet is a perfect example, a com-
pany that got its start in my home State years ago. Today, it employs hundreds of people in Oregon and across the United States, and 40 per-cent of its revenue comes from over-seas. They got off the ground with help from Ex-Im Bank, and it has customers in France, Germany, and Asia, and it is looking to expand further. 
These kinds of success stories are 
ones you see in every single State be-cause these startups got help when it was essential to have that added boost to be able to seize the opportunities around the world and create high- skilled, high-wage jobs. 
To me, when we debate the future of 
the Export-Import Bank, colleagues, this is about red, white, and blue jobs. Keeping the Export-Import Bank up and running with the important financ-ing tools it offers is part of getting trade done right. 
I commend our colleagues Senators 
C
ANTWELL , H EITKAMP , M URRAY , and 
GRAHAM , who have come together in a 
bipartisan way to work to extend the Bank as quickly as possible, and they have my support. 
f 
NATIONAL HEMP HISTORY WEEK 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I asked 
for an extra few minutes. I want to spend another few minutes just talking about another part of our economy that I think can grow in the days ahead, and I would ask unanimous con-sent, Mr. President, to bring a basket of Oregon products onto the floor at this time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.054 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3763 June 4, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, this 
week is National Hemp History Week, and to help celebrate I thought I would show a few Oregon-made hemp prod-ucts to highlight the many uses and opportunities for industrial hemp in my State and across the country. 
In the basket I brought, I have food, 
soap, clothes, and even deck sealant, all made in Oregon, bought and sold in American stores and used by Ameri-cans. Oregon companies such as Bob’s Red Mill, Fiddlebumps, and Hemp Shield contribute to our economy in unique ways. Industrial hemp supports a $620 million industry in America, and our companies have found innovative ways of incorporating it into everyday products. 
However, the full growth potential of 
this industry is being cut down before it can fully bloom because a single in-gredient that links all of these prod-ucts—the hemp itself—cannot be grown in America. The unfortunate reality is that current Federal rules prohibit our farmers from growing industrial hemp on American soil. This means 100 per-cent of the hemp used in these products is imported from other nations. The Federal ban on hemp amounts, in my view, to a restriction on free enter-prise, and it doesn’t accomplish any-thing but stifles job creation and eco-nomic growth. 
We are the world’s largest consumers 
of hemp products, but we are the only major industrialized nation to ban hemp farming. This hasn’t always been the case, and it doesn’t have to con-tinue to be the case. It was once a booming crop in America and it can and should be again. 
American farmers were growing this 
product as early as the 1600s, before our Nation was even founded. The Declara-tion of Independence, colleagues, was written on paper made from hemp. In the 1800s and early 1900s, it was used to make rope, heating oil, and textiles. During World War II we used it as part of the Hemp for Victory Program to support our soldiers. But everything got changed when hemp got wrapped up with marijuana in Federal regulations, and it has been banned ever since. Are they related? Maybe industrial hemp and marijuana are related species, but one should not be confused with the other, much like a Chihuahua and a St. Bernard. Mixing hemp in with a ban on growing marijuana is based on a lot of misconception. No matter where Mem-bers of this body come down on medical or recreational marijuana, industrial hemp and marijuana might be related plant species, but there are big dif-ferences between them, such as their chemical makeup. 
Because they are not the same plant, 
they should not be treated with the same regulation and prohibitions. In my view, keeping the ban on growing hemp makes about as much sense as in-stituting a ban on Portobello mush-rooms. There is no reason to outlaw a product that is perfectly safe because 
of what it is related to. 
That is why the majority leader Sen-
ator M
CCONNELL and I came together, 
with our colleague from Kentucky R
ANDPAULand my colleague from Or-
egon J EFFMERKLEY —we came together 
on a bipartisan basis to introduce the Industrial Hemp Farming Act. Our bill would make sure hemp does not get lumped into the definition of mari-juana in the Controlled Substances Act. 
Our bill is all about stopping the un-
fair punishment of entrepreneurs and farmers who want to be part of a grow-ing ag industry here in America. Com-panies in our Nation that are import-ing hemp to use in food, cosmetics, soap, clothing, and auto parts, they ought to be buying that hemp from American farmers and contributing to our agricultural sector. 
I will close by way of saying there 
are also big environmental benefits to industrial hemp. It takes less water to grow hemp than it does to grow cotton, and hemp generally requires fewer pes-ticides than other crops. I will put it this way, colleagues: If you can buy it at your local supermarket—and I got involved in this because I saw it at Costco when my wife was pregnant with our third child—if you can buy it at the local supermarket, American farmers ought to be able to grow it. 
I urge my colleagues to join me, the 
distinguished majority leader Senator M
CCONNELL , his colleague Senator 
RANDPAUL, and my colleague Senator 
MERKLEY in our legislation to address 
this gap in American law and today join me in celebrating National Hemp History Week by learning more about this safe and versatile crop and the po-tential it holds to bolster American ag-riculture and the domestic economy. 
These products are products that are 
sold all across America. We ought to have a chance for our farmers—farmers in Nebraska, farmers in Arkansas, farmers in Indiana—to be able to grow this product and reap the benefits of the private economy associated with it. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana. 
f 
WASTEFUL SPENDING 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, it is 
‘‘Waste of the Week’’ time again, and the waste of the Federal Government’s spending just keeps piling up. Today, I am taking a look at the U.S. Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. We all have a stake in this. I am a veteran, but even those of us who are not veterans have a stake in making sure our veterans are getting the use of taxpayer dollars for their benefit for the sacrifices they made. 
Over the past year, we have been 
hearing on the floor and continue to see story after story of mismanage-ment that is plaguing the VA. Many of these news articles tell the story of our Nation’s heroes not receiving the care or the resources they have earned and 
that they deserve. Last month—just last month—I read yet another fright-ening headline, frustrating. ‘‘Veterans Affairs improperly spent $6 Billion an-nually, senior VA official says’’—im-properly spent $6 billion annually. 
According to an internal memo writ-
ten by the VA’s senior official for pro-curement, the VA has been wasting taxpayer money by violating Federal contracting rules to pay for medical care and expenses. Under law, VA pur-chases require competitive bidding and proper contracts, but testimony from Deputy Assistant Secretary for Acqui-sition and Logistics Jan Frye, before Congress last month revealed that just the opposite is occurring. 
So the medical care and supplies our 
veterans need for their medical needs are being compromised at a cost of $6 billion a year. Mr. Frye wrote: 
Over the past five years, some senior VA 
acquisition and finance officials have will-fully violated the public trust while Federal procurement and financial laws were de-based. Their overt actions and dereliction of duties combined have resulted in billions of taxpayer dollars being spent without regard to Federal laws and regulations, making a mockery of Federal statutes. 
An example of this violation is found 
with VA purchase cards. Typically, VA uses these cards for smaller purchases of up to $3,000, according to the rules and regulations. But they were inap-propriately used to buy billions of dol-lars’ worth of medical supplies without contracts or oversight. Mr. Frye con-tinued: 
In addition, doors are flung wide open for 
fraud, waste and abuse when contracts are not executed. For example, by law, prices paid for goods or services subject to contract can only be determined to be fair and reason-able by duly appointed contracting officers. I can state without reservation that VA has and continues to waste millions of dollars by paying excessive prices for goods and serv-ices due to breaches of Federal procurement laws. 
According to reports, the VA has 
failed to engage in a competitive bid-ding or signing contract process ensur-ing a good deal for the services they are unable to provide in house, such as specialized tests and surgeries and other procedures. In fact, the VA has paid at least $5 billion in such fees in violation of Federal rules. 
This is yet but another example of 
what the White House has recognized— as—and I quote—‘‘corrosive culture’’ at the Veterans’ Administration. I think we all agree our 8.7 million American veterans and our more than 130 million taxpayers deserve a lot better. Given the large scale of purchases made by the VA, proper procurement procedures ensure the best products for veterans and the best value for taxpayers. 
Aside from higher prices, a lack of 
contracts can result in a lack of over-sight. The VA, just like Congress, is ac-countable and must be accountable for what it spends. Now, I understand the incredible pressure the VA has been under with the recent influx of new 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.055 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3764 June 4, 2015 
veterans. I appreciate the good work of 
many people who work at the VA. Still, no matter the growth in need, it is never in order to violate Federal law. This kind of reckless spending cannot and must not be tolerated. 
Each year, Congress sends billions of 
dollars to the VA to care for our vet-erans. With those funds, comes an obli-gation to use every dollar of those funds properly. By simply requiring the VA to comply with Federal law, we can save $6 billion. This is a simple fix with large results and we should take it. 
Today, I am adding an additional $6 
billion to our ever-increasing gauge of taxpayer money that comes to Wash-ington and is spent for improper and unnecessary purposes. We are now two- thirds of the way to our goal of $100 bil-lion. We are going to be doing this every week as long as the Senate is in session this year. I hope we have to add an additional attachment to this gauge because, folks, there is no end to dis-covering the kind of waste of tax-payers’ money for unnecessary pro-grams, violating the law, violating reg-ulations, mismanaging the spending at the Federal level. We are going to con-tinue to point out these issues week after week. Hopefully, we can get the attention of our colleagues and the American people, and they will demand that we do something about this. 
While we have not been able—no 
thanks to the administration—to come up with a sensible, long-term fix to our deficit spending and continuing plunge into debt, we can at least look at these programs that have been identified by the inspector generals, by the Govern-ment Accountability Office, and by the Office of Management and Budget as wasting taxpayer dollars. 
So there is much we can do while we 
are trying to get to the point where we have an administration that allows us to address the larger issue; that is, a government out of control, spending taxpayers’ money and wasting money, which we will point out every week. Tune in again next week for the next ‘‘Waste of the Week.’’ 
I thank my colleague from Nebraska 
for generously yielding me the time to do this. I have somewhat of a schedule hitch. She was gracious enough to allow me the time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nebraska. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATION ACT 
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I rise 
to speak about the National Defense Authorization Act or NDAA. The brave men and women who serve in our Armed Forces have protected our Na-tion for generations. Because of their selflessness, we are able to enjoy many freedoms here at home, but it is impor-tant to remember that these liberties are not free. 
The sacrifices made by our service-
members are extraordinary, and we must ensure that they have the re-sources necessary and needed to defend 
the United States. That is why the NDAA has been passed each of the last 53 years. I was proud to continue this tradition by working with my col-leagues on the Senate Armed Services Committee to pass the fiscal year 2016 NDAA only a few weeks ago. 
While this bill is not perfect, it is the 
result of a bipartisan compromise to perform the most important function of the Federal Government, providing for the national defense. This bill’s im-portance is widely known, but the de-tails are not often given enough atten-tion. 
For this reason, I would like to take 
a moment to discuss some of the key provisions that play such a critical role in preserving the security of our Na-tion and the effectiveness of our mili-tary. Included in this bill are several commonsense proposals to cut ineffi-ciencies and use the savings that are generated to better meet the needs of our warfighters. 
For example, the Air Force’s next- 
generation bomber and new tanker pro-gram have both suffered delays and they cannot spend the full amount re-quested when the budget was sub-mitted in February. So this bill re-duces funding for these programs ac-cordingly and moves about $660 million in savings to meet unfunded require-ments of our military. 
Across a large number of budget 
lines, unjustified increases were re-duced, troubled programs were cut, and again the difference was used to meet high-priority requirements of our men and women in uniform. 
The bill also combats the continued 
growth in headquarters staff at the Pentagon and major commands, an issue I discussed with Secretary Carter at his confirmation hearing. Two years ago, the Department announced its in-tention to reduce 20 percent of its headquarters staff by 2019. However, it has yet to provide the Armed Services Committee with a plan to accomplish these reductions. 
This legislation takes action. It re-
duces funding for headquarters and management staff by 7.5 percent. This goes beyond even the Department’s stated goal. It results in $1.7 billion in savings that are reprioritized to sup-port more important needs. In all, the bill moves about $10 billion from un-necessary spending to increase the ca-pabilities of our warfighters. One such area is the development of the ad-vanced technologies. 
This bill sets aside $400 million for 
the offset initiative announced by the Department in November of last year. The technological superiority of our forces has come under increasing threat in recent years. This is an issue that the Emerging Threats and Capa-bilities Subcommittee, which I chair, has followed closely. 
The new funding devoted to this ini-
tiative is targeted toward the develop-ment of the next-generation tech-nology, such as lasers and railguns that will enable our military’s continued 
advantage on the battlefield of the fu-ture. 
I am also pleased that this bill will 
fully support the modernization of our nuclear forces, and it includes addi-tional funding requested by the Depart-ment to address critical needs in our nuclear forces identified in reviews last year. 
The bill reauthorizes key assistance 
and training programs, and it also pro-vides the Secretary of Defense new au-thority to partner with nations in the Middle East, the South Pacific, and Eastern Europe to support U.S. inter-ests in these key regions. It also codi-fies the Department of Defense’s role in defending the Nation in cyber space, and it requires the Department to reg-ularly conduct training exercises with other governmental agencies to meet this responsibility. 
The importance of the last two issues 
I mentioned, cyber security and secu-rity assistance programs, was rein-forced during a recent trip that I led to Eastern Europe. 
Our allies there are deeply concerned 
by Russia’s military intervention in Ukraine and their increasingly provoc-ative behavior. They are all calling for more cooperation with the United States in both of these key areas. 
These are just a few of the reasons 
why the NDAA is such an important piece of legislation. While I strongly support many of its provisions, it is important to repeat that this is the product of bipartisan compromise, not 
consensus. 
One of the most hotly debated topics 
during the committee’s markup proc-ess was the use of overseas contingency operations funds to meet basic defense requirements. In a world where ISIL continues to expand its reach, Russia has seized Crimea and pours fighters into eastern Ukraine, and China is in-timidating its neighbors and building islands in the South China Sea, we must fund our national defense. To not do so would be unacceptable. We can-not hold our military hostage to a po-litical controversy. 
Despite disagreements, the com-
mittee has again produced a com-promise product—as it has year after year—that supports our national de-fense and the needs of our men and women in uniform. I am inspired by their service, and I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues to protect our great Nation as the full Senate considers the NDAA. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-
dent, I understand that we are now in a period of morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
F
ISCHER ). The Senator is correct. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Therefore, it is 
not in order for me to call up an amendment to the Defense bill. I will come back and get this amendment pending at the appropriate time on the floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.059 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3765 June 4, 2015 
CITIZENS UNITED DECISION 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-
dent, I wish to take a few minutes now to speak about my amendment No. 1693, which responds to the very unfor-tunate Citizens United decision. Janu-ary 2015 was that decision’s fifth anni-versary, and it has had a pretty nefar-ious effect on our democracy. 
The premise of the decision was that 
unlimited corporate expenditures would not corrupt or exert improper in-fluence in our American democratic process because there would be a re-gime of—to quote the decision—‘‘effec-tive disclosure’’ that would ‘‘provide shareholders and citizens with the in-formation needed to hold corporations and elected officials accountable for their positions and supporters.’’ 
Well, here we are. Everybody in this 
room knows that there has been no ef-fective disclosure whatsoever. We live in a world of dark money in which spe-cial interests spend tens and even hun-dreds of millions of dollars in elections to buy influence and to try to make sure that people get their way. There is neither public knowledge nor account-ability about that dark money spend-ing. 
The Louisville Courier-Journal, in an 
editorial in June 2012, described the problem very well: 
Money. Buckets of it. Tidal waves that one 
pundit has dubbed the ‘‘tsunami of slime.’’ 
Well, we who are in this political 
world have experienced firsthand that tsunami of slime that the Citizens United decision unleashed. In the 2014 midterm elections, the Washington Post has reported that at least 31 per-cent of all independent spending in those elections was spent by groups that don’t disclose who their donors are. You don’t know who is behind their money. 
You know the candidates know who 
is behind the money. For sure they are going to be told, but the public doesn’t know who is behind that money. 
And that 31 percent doesn’t even 
count what are called issue ads, where somebody says the Presiding Officer, for instance, has a terrible position on this issue and you need to call her and tell her that her position is terrible, anti-American, wicked, no good, and that she is awful—and on and on they go. That is an issue ad, and so it doesn’t even count. So that whole extra bit—also dark—is not even part of the 31 percent. 
And the big, obvious thing that the 
Citizens United decision completely overlooked is that if you give big cor-porations and hugely wealthy special interests the ability to spend on elec-tions, guess what else you give them. You give them the ability to threaten to spend or to promise to spend, and you know that those threats and prom-ises are never going to be in any re-gime of effective disclosure. That is the ultimate private exercise of political influence. We have no idea how big the effect is of those silent threats and promises—silent, at least, to the pub-
lic. 
The American people are pretty fed 
up. The New York Times this week re-ported on a poll, and I will just quote a little bit from the story: 
The findings reveal deep support among 
Republicans and Democrats alike for new measures to restrict the influence of wealthy givers, including limiting the amount of money that can be spent by ‘‘super PACs’’ and forcing more public disclosure on organi-zations now permitted to intervene in elec-tions without disclosing the names of their donors. 
And the story continues: 
And by a significant margin, they reject 
the argument that underpins close to four decades of Supreme Court jurisprudence on campaign finance: that political money is a form of speech protected by the First Amendment. 
Clearly, money facilitates speech, 
but it also facilitates bribery. It also facilitates simply bludgeoning political actors and political parties with pres-sure. 
Now, the results here: 
More than four in five Americans [more 
than 80 percent of Americans] say money plays too great a role in political campaigns . . . while two-thirds say that the wealthy have more of a chance to influence the elec-tions process than other Americans. 
That is not healthy when 80 percent 
of Americans think that money plays too great a part and two-thirds of Americans think that they don’t have an equal shot in elections compared to the wealthy. 
And it is not only Democrats and 
independents who feel this way. I will continue to read: 
Those concerns—and the divide between 
Washington elites and the rest of the coun-try—extend to Republicans. Three-quarters of self-identified Republicans support requir-ing more disclosure by outside spending or-ganizations .... Republicans in the poll 
were almost as likely as Democrats to favor further restrictions on campaign donations. 
So if three-quarters of self-identified 
Republicans support requiring more disclosure by outside political spending organizations, I would hope that I could get support for this amendment which would require some disclosure. 
It would require any company that 
contracts with the Department of De-fense—and they get big contracts with billions, hundreds of billions of dol-lars—to disclose all of its campaign spending over $10,000. It is a require-ment that would apply to all the cor-porate officers, the board members, and to anyone who owns 5 percent or more of the company. 
When there is that much money 
sloshing around in the defense budget, and when political actors are making the decisions about where that goes, we ought to be able to connect the dots be-tween those corporations and whom they are giving big money to. 
So this is a very simple disclosure 
provision. Again, 75 percent of Repub-licans support increased disclosure, and, in fact, a considerable number of Republicans in the Senate used to sup-port disclosure. Over and over, you see 
Members who are still here, including the majority leader, who were ardent supporters of disclosure—ardent sup-porters of disclosure, that is, until it turned out that after Citizens United, the big, dark money tended to come in on behalf of—guess what—Republicans. 
So the disclosure principle evapo-
rated, but I think it has to come back. The public is sick of it. It is time we cleaned up the political process from all this dark money. It is totally con-sistent with the premise of the Citizens United decision. 
So when the time comes for me to 
call up this amendment and get it pending, I will do so with the hope that we can find some Republican support for the American people being allowed to know who is spending big bucks to influence elections. We are entitled to know that. 
f 
AMENDMENT NO. 1521 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-
dent, one other thing I wish to speak in favor of is the amendment of Senator R
EED, my senior Senator—Senator 
JACKREEDof Rhode Island—to cut the 
so-called OCO budget gimmick from the Defense bill. 
I am on the Budget Committee, and I 
have heard very passionate protesta-tions from my colleagues on the Budg-et Committee about the importance of reducing the deficit, not dealing with the national debt, reducing borrowing, deficit spending, and all of that. Well, when it comes to this particular bill, suddenly all of those concerns have gone completely out the window. They are funding a significant portion of this Defense authorization with imaginary money, with an account that is not in-tended to support ongoing, continuing, baseline defense expenditures, and that is reserved for overseas contingencies and that, therefore, doesn’t have to be paid for. So it would be a clear increase to the debt and the deficit to go down this road, and we would very much pre-fer that instead of using the so-called OCO gimmick to fund this authoriza-tion with deficit spending, we sit down and have a mature and consequential discussion between the White House and the Senate and the House on where our spending is going to go and with what accounts we are going to be able to do it. Before we start going account by account through the appropriations process, we have a plan in mind so that we don’t find that certain favored ac-counts get dealt with first and then the rug gets pulled out from under the oth-ers. 
I think that is a reasonable way, and 
I support Senator R
EED’s amendment 
and his notion that we should have a bipartisan plan to replace the arbitrary sequester cuts with a balanced deficit- reduction strategy that includes, among other things, closing some wasteful tax loopholes. 
With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.061 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3766 June 4, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). Without objection, it is so or-
dered, 
f 
OIL EXPORTS 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, 
when we talk about national security issues and the vulnerabilities we have as a nation, I can think of no other area where we face such challenges and yet such opportunities when it comes to our energy assets and how we can utilize our energy policies at their intersection points with our national security policies. 
The inability of the United States to 
export oil is a vulnerability to our na-tion. At a time when we have risen to be the world’s top producer of oil, our outdated 1970s-era ban on oil exports is causing us to miss out on a significant economic- and security-related bene-fits. 
The good news is we can change this. 
It is within our power to change this, and that is why I have come to the floor this afternoon. 
Here is a fact: The United States is 
the only advanced Nation that pro-hibits crude oil exports. We are the only one. Countries such as Australia, Denmark, Norway, the United King-dom, Canada, and even New Zealand all allow for both imports and exports, just like the normal trade in any other commodity. It is distinctly weird that we would prohibit our own exports. 
We are also in a position where our 
friends and our trading partners are openly asking us for assistance. They are coming to us and saying: Hey, can you help? We are your friends. We are your allies. You have the resources. 
The world has changed dramatically. 
We have new alliances. We have new threats. We have new hopes. We have new fears. It is my own hope that while the world may have changed, our Na-tion’s role as a global leader has not eroded. This is an area where we have an opportunity to prove it has not eroded. 
Our energy renaissance is a new 
thing, and sometimes it takes time to understand the implications of new things, of changes, but here is where we have been. We have already held about half a dozen hearings on the topic of oil exports in the House and in the Senate since last January. I intro-duced this subject last January 2014, and I said at that time that 2014 was going to be the year of the report, where we would seek out the experts, we would ask the think tanks to weigh in on this issue, and so they did. The reports that came out were numerous, they were considered, they were thoughtful, and they were all very helpful. Reports came out of the Brookings Institution, Columbia Uni-
versity, the Center for a New American Security—too many to even list here. The individual experts who are in favor of allowing oil exports are also quite impressive. These are people whom we look to for leadership in a host of dif-ferent areas. 
There was a piece in the Wall Street 
Journal that I ask unanimous consent be printed in the R
ECORD , penned by 
Leon Panetta and Stephen Hadley, the Defense Secretary in the Obama ad-ministration and the National Security Advisor in the Bush administration. They wrote a piece that was entitled ‘‘The Oil-Export Ban Harms National Security.’’ It is well-founded, well- written, and to the point. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Wall Street Journal (Opinion) 
May 19, 2015] 
THEOIL-EXPORT BANHARMS NATIONAL  
SECURITY  
THE U .S. IS WILLFULLY DENYING ITSELF A TOOL  
THAT COULD PROVE VITAL IN DEALING WITH  
THREATS FROM RUSSIA , IRAN AND OTHERS  
(By Leon E. Panetta and Stephen J. Hadley) 
The United States faces a startling array 
of global security threats, demanding na-tional resolve and the resolve of our closest allies in Europe and Asia. Iran’s moves to be-come a regional hegemon, Russia’s aggres-sion in Ukraine, and conflicts driven by Is-lamic terrorism throughout the Middle East and North Africa are a few of the challenges calling for steadfast commitment to Amer-ican democratic principles and military readiness. The pathway to achieving U.S. goals also can be economic—as simple as en-suring that allies and friends have access to secure supplies of energy. 
Blocking access to these supplies is the 
ban on exporting U.S. crude oil that was en-acted, along with domestic price controls, after the 1973 Arab oil embargo. The price controls ended in 1981 but the export ban lives on, though America is awash in oil. 
The U.S. has broken free of its dependence 
on energy from unstable sources. Only 27% of the petroleum consumed here last year was imported, the lowest level in 30 years. Nearly half of those imports came from Canada and Mexico. But our friends and allies, particu-larly in Europe, do not enjoy the same de-gree of independence. The moment has come for the U.S. to deploy its oil and gas in sup-port of its security interests around the world. 
Consider Iran. Multilateral sanctions, in-
cluding a cap on its oil exports, brought Tehran to the negotiating table. Those sanc-tions would have proved hollow without the surge in domestic U.S. crude oil production that displaced imports. Much of that foreign oil in turn found a home in European coun-tries, which then reduced their imports of Iranian oil to zero. 
The prospect of a nuclear agreement with 
Iran does not permit the U.S. to stand still. Once world economic growth increases the demand for oil, Iran is poised to ramp up its exports rapidly to nations whose reduced Ira-nian imports were critical to the sanctions’ success, including Japan, South Korea, Tai-wan, Turkey, India and China. U.S. exports would help those countries diversify their sources and avoid returning to their former level of dependence on Iran. 
More critically, if negotiations fail, or if 
Tehran fails to comply with its commit-ments, the sanctions should snap back into place, with an even tighter embargo on Ira-
nian oil exports. It will be much harder to insist that other countries limit Iranian im-ports if the U.S. refuses to sell them its oil. 
There are other threats arising from global 
oil suppliers that the U.S. cannot afford to ignore. Libya is racked by civil war and at-tacks by the Islamic State. Venezuela’s mis-managed economy is near collapse. 
Most ominous is Russia’s energy strangle-
hold on Europe. Fourteen NATO countries buy 15% or more of their oil from Russia, with several countries in Eastern and Cen-tral Europe exceeding 50%. Russia is the sole or predominant source of natural gas for sev-eral European countries including Finland, Slovakia, Bulgaria and the Baltic states. Eu-rope as a whole relies on Russia for more than a quarter of its natural gas. 
This situation leaves Europe vulnerable to 
Kremlin coercion. In January 2009, Russia cut off natural gas to Ukraine, and several European countries completely lost their gas supply. A recent EU ‘‘stress test’’ showed that a prolonged Russian supply disruption would result in several countries losing 60% of their gas supplies. 
Further, revenue from sales to Europe pro-
vides Russia with considerable financial re-sources to fund its aggression in Ukraine. That conflict could conceivably spread through Central Europe toward the Baltic states. So far, the trans-Atlantic alliance has held firm, but the trajectory of this con-flict is unpredictable. The U.S. can provide friends and allies with a stable alternative to threats of supply disruption. This is a stra-tegic imperative as well as a matter of eco-nomic self-interest. 
The domestic shale energy boom has sup-
ported an estimated 2.1 million U.S. jobs, ac-cording to a 2013 IHS study, but the recent downturn in oil prices has led to massive cuts in capital spending for exploration and production. Layoffs in the oil patch have spread outward, notably to the steel indus-try. Lifting the export ban would put some of these workers back on the job and boost the U.S. economy. 
Why, then, does the ban endure? Habit and 
myth have something to do with it. U.S. en-ergy policy remains rooted in the scarcity mentality that took hold in the 1970s. Even now, public perception has yet to catch up to the reality that America has surpassed both Russia and Saudi Arabia as the world’s larg-est producer of liquid petroleum (exceeding 11 million barrels a day). The U.S. became the largest natural gas producer in 2010, and the federal government will now license ex-ports of liquefied natural gas. 
The fear that exporting U.S. oil would 
cause domestic gasoline prices to rise is mis-placed. The U.S. already exports refined pe-troleum, including 875,000 barrels a day of gasoline in December 2014. The result is that U.S. gasoline prices approximate the world price. Several recent studies, including by the Brookings Institution, Resources for the Future and Rice University’s Center for En-ergy Studies, demonstrate that crude oil ex-ports would actually put downward pressure on U.S. gasoline prices, as more oil supply hits the global market and lowers global prices. 
Too often foreign-policy debates in Amer-
ica focus on issues such as how much mili-tary power should be deployed to the Middle East, whether the U.S. should provide arms to the Ukrainians, or what tougher economic sanctions should be imposed on Iran. Ignored is a powerful, nonlethal tool: America’s abundance of oil and natural gas. The U.S. remains the great arsenal of democracy. It should also be the great arsenal of energy. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. It said directly: 
We keep this ban in place, this decades- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.062 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3767 June 4, 2015 
old ban. It hurts us as a nation. It 
harms us from a national security per-spective, not to mention the benefits that oil exports will provide when it comes to increased production and in-creased jobs benefits to our economy. 
There are other folks out there who 
have also weighed in. Larry Summers, formerly the Treasury Secretary for President Clinton and also Director of the National Economic Council for President Obama, said this about lift-ing the ban on oil exports: ‘‘The merits are as clear as the merits with respect to any significant public policy issue that I have ever encountered.’’ This is a guy many people looked to for leader-ship in a host of different areas. The merits are as clear as the merits with respect to any significant public policy issue he has encountered. 
Tom Donilon, formerly the National 
Security Advisor to President Obama, has said that allowing exports ‘‘will in-crease diversity of supply, increase competition, reduce volatility and lower prices in global markets.’’ 
The questions we needed to ask about 
oil exports have been asked, and an-swered favorably. Independent experts have studied what would happen if we lift the ban and almost universally en-couraged us to move forward to lift this outdated, outmoded policy. 
This is not a partisan issue. My col-
league from North Dakota is on the floor today. We have introduced bipar-tisan legislation to remove this ban. This is something which is simply in the best interest of the United States, both in terms of our economic strength and in terms of our national security. 
I am here today to tell our col-
leagues, to repeat and remind our col-leagues that the time to legislate on oil exports is now. I think the bill we have in front of us, the National De-fense Authorization Act being led by our friend and colleague from Arizona, is the perfect vehicle on which to ad-vance this. Therefore, I ask unanimous consent to call up and make pending my amendment No. 1594, related to crude oil exports. 
Mr. President, I withhold the request 
to make this amendment pending at this point in time, but if I may proceed to speak to three quick components to the amendment. 
The first requires the Department of 
Energy to assess the impact that lift-ing sanctions on Iran would have on global oil markets. We would likely see higher Iranian oil exports, even as American producers are prohibited from accessing global markets. So our friends in Japan, India, South Korea, and elsewhere would continue import-ing from Iran, in part because they cannot get the crude oil from us. They cannot import from us. That situation is simply unacceptable. We would be lifting sanctions on Iranian oil while maintaining them on American oil. 
I have made this point and I have re-
peated it before: Leaving in place the oil export ban on U.S. producers while at the same time sanctions are relieved on Iranian producers effectively sanc-
tions U.S. oil production. 
There was an article in Reuters this 
week that revealed that India is now importing record volumes of oil di-rectly from Iran. Another from May showed record oil exports out of Iraq to global markets. Yet another shows the highest volumes of oil exports from Saudi Arabia in 10 years. So the fact is that we are simply not competing. 
The second component of my amend-
ment says that 30 days after comple-tion of this report, all U.S. crude oil may be exported on the same basis as the regulations and law currently allow for exports of petroleum prod-ucts. Today, we can export gasoline, we can export diesel, we can export jet fuel—really, any refined product we can export without a license—but we cannot export crude oil. It does not make sense, and it is high time we re-solve that inconsistency. 
The third component of my amend-
ment preserves the authorities of the President to block exports during emergencies, during a national secu-rity crisis, and so forth. 
So what we have done is we have bor-
rowed language on these authorities di-rectly from the legislation from 20 years ago that authorized oil exports from Alaska’s North Slope, which was a measure that passed the Senate on a bipartisan vote, 74 to 25, and was signed into law by President Clinton. What we had over 20 years ago was an over-whelmingly favorable vote well before this American energy renaissance began. 
I find the whole idea that oil exports 
would still be prohibited a little mind- boggling. The Commerce Department keeps a list of commodities that are in short supply. They call this the short supply controls. Historically, these controls were generally not blanket prohibitions; they were on items such as aluminum, copper, iron and steel scrap, diamond bort and powder, nickel selenium, and the polio vaccine—not blanket prohibitions, just bits of them. Only three items remain on the short supply controls list. One of them—you guessed it—is crude oil, the second is western red cedar, and the third is horse for slaughter. There is also a small caveat here that prohibits ex-ports from the Naval Petroleum Re-serves, but, really, the list is pretty short. There are three things: crude oil, western cedar trees, and horse for slaughter. Clearly our policy needs to be modernized. 
We see many parts of the world in a 
state of unrest. Many parts of the world are seemingly on fire. America and American energy need to be ready to render vital assistance to our friends who are counting on us to demonstrate that global leadership. This is our chance, and I look forward to further discussion on the floor as we move this NDAA measure forward. 
I encourage colleagues to look at this 
amendment, look at the merits of the reports that have gone down in the past year, and look to updating this 
very outdated policy that is holding us back as a nation. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kansas. 
Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I 
thank the Senator from Alaska for her remarks. Please count me in. It is very timely and extremely important. 
f 
71ST ANNIVERSARY OF D-DAY 
Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, this 
Saturday will be the 71st anniversary of one of the greatest days in history— D-day, June 6, 1944, the day that led to Allied victory in Europe in World War II, the preservation of Western democ-racy, no less, and freedom for genera-tions to come. 
Few days in history belong to indi-
viduals, but this day, D-day, belongs to Dwight David Eisenhower. Ike came to this day, which forever established his place in history as a soldier, as a Kan-san, and most of all as an American. 
I come to the floor today as a Sen-
ator, as a marine, and as Ike’s fellow Kansan. Most of all, I come to share Ike with my fellow Americans and my colleagues in the Senate. 
There are days in history that 
change nations and the course of his-tory itself. D-day, June 6, 1944, was one of those days. The events growing out of that day changed the course of mil-lions of lives, preserved Western civili-zation, and led to victory over a ruth-less tyranny totally dedicated to de-stroying democracy. 
The sacrifices and human losses were 
immense. Several weeks ago, on May 8, the whole of Europe—from Amsterdam to Moscow—was not only celebrating European victory in World War II but also remembering the special sacrifices of the brave young Americans who made victory possible when it seemed impossible, especially in June of 1944, when the whole of Europe and much of Russia was under the Nazi boot. These cataclysmic events were set in motion on D-day by the heroic decisionmaking of one man, a Kansan from modest ori-gins and humble roots—Dwight David Eisenhower—who, at the direction of the President of the United States, car-ried individually the sole responsibility of supreme command of all Allied forces in Europe in World War II. 
The decision to launch the invasion 
was his alone, and the risk of failure was enormous, with huge human losses assured for America and all of its al-lies. Ike’s decision, however, proved correct and was followed by the great-est demonstration of military coalition leadership ever seen in history—before or since D-day. This brilliant leader-ship by General Eisenhower led to vic-tory in Europe in 1945, followed by the defeat of Japan. 
Ike never let his gigantic role in his-
tory push his ego ahead of modesty, common sense, and humility. As he fa-
mously said in 1945, ‘‘Humility must al-ways be the portion of any man who re-ceives acclaim earned in blood of his followers and sacrifices of his friends.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.065 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3768 June 4, 2015 
Ike’s transcending humanity won not 
only his fellow citizens’ respect but also their affection. Indeed, he won the respect and affection of much of the world, and he is celebrated internation-ally to this very day. 
Currently, I am privileged to serve as 
the chairman of the Eisenhower Memo-rial Commission. Two giants of the United States Senate brought me to this role: Congressional Medal of Honor winner Danny Inouye and U.S. Army Flying Tiger pilot Ted Stevens, both combat-decorated World War II vet-erans who decided Ike, both as general and as President, should be nationally memorialized. They decided and con-vinced the Congress that the general and President Eisenhower should be nationally celebrated. And the day it all began was D-day. 
Senator Inouye from Hawaii and Sen-
ator Stevens from Alaska knew that Ike represented more than Kansas, more than America, but the entire world as well and that he spoke to the world. His identity was simple, basic, and convincing. In paying homage in 1945 to the British fathers and mothers of the soldiers, sailors, and airmen who had died under his command, he also said, ‘‘I am not a native of this land. I come from the very heart of America.’’ 
It is a paradox of unfortunate irony 
that those members of the ‘‘greatest generation’’ who come on Honor Flights from all across our great Na-tion to the World War II Memorial can-not visit, reflect, and pay homage to a memorial to the general who led them to victory. 
Today, in the midst of a much dif-
ferent war and during a time when our Nation is searching for resolve, com-mitment, and leadership, I suggest and recommend that all of my colleagues reflect upon the unique leadership of America’s greatest general when the future of Western democracy was in grave peril. Time is of the essence, and now is the time to complete a lasting memorial and tribute to America’s greatest wartime general and President of the United States whose legacy was 8 years of peace and prosperity. The veterans of World War II and their fam-ilies know this, and their counterparts all over the world know this as well. With the completion of the Eisenhower memorial, their children and grand-children and generations to come will understand the tremendous commit-ment undertaken in defense of free-dom, then and now. 
Now is the time. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Dakota. 
f 
OIL EXPORTS 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, be-
fore I begin what has turned into my weekly discussion about the sacrifices of 198 North Dakotans who lost their lives in Vietnam, I wish to briefly men-tion and associate myself with the re-marks of my great friend and tremen-dous colleague, L
ISAMURKOWSKI from 
Alaska, as she talks about oil exports. 
I will tell you this: There are very 
few issues we confront in the Senate where there is absolutely nothing on the negative equation. What do I mean by that? Changing this policy has hun-dreds of good ideas and good reasons, and there is absolutely no reason not to do it. As we continue to pursue fair-ness for the oil-and-gas-producing in-dustry, allowing them to seek their market as we continue to pursue an op-portunity for our consumers to experi-ence lower oil and gas prices, as we kind of move forward with oil and gas policy, I think it is critically impor-tant that we understand and appreciate that in this arena, the effort is bipar-tisan, the effort is essential for energy security in our country, energy inde-pendence in our country, and energy security across the world. 
I applaud Senator M
URKOWSKI for 
taking on this issue. I believe that as she has said, this is the year it must get done. I look forward to our con-tinuing efforts, our bipartisan efforts to move this along. 
f 
HONORING VIETNAM VETERANS 
AND NORTH DAKOTA’S SOLDIERS WHO LOST THEIR LIVES IN VIET-NAM 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, be-
fore I begin to talk about the 198 North Dakotans who died while serving our country in Vietnam, I want to first mention and publicly thank a great Vietnam veteran, Jim Schothorst of Grand Forks. He is a Vietnam veteran. He enlisted in the Army and served in Vietnam from December 1966 to March 1969 as a construction engineer with the 169th Engineer Battalion. 
He was raised in McVille. He now 
lives in Grand Forks. He received his degree from the University of North Dakota and was employed with the Grand Forks Health Department for 25 years. 
Jim has been extraordinarily helpful 
to the North Dakota congressional del-egation whenever we have needed to gather input or hear from Grand Forks area veterans. 
Thank you, Jim, for your service to 
our country. 
I want to again extend my comments 
and talk about 14 men who did not make it home from Vietnam. 
WESLEY CRAIG BRENNO  
The first soldier whom I will talk 
about is Wesley Craig Brenno. Craig was from Larson. He was born Feb-ruary 18, 1945. He served in the Marine Corps Charlie Company, 1st Battalion, 1st Marines. Craig died on March 28, 1967. He was 22 years old. 
He attended school in Columbus and 
was a star athlete. He was voted most valuable player, and he lettered in baseball, basketball, and football from eighth grade through his senior year of high school. 
In 1963, he began his college career at 
the University of North Dakota on a baseball scholarship and became an ac-
tive member and officer of the Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity. After finishing his junior year of college, Craig en-listed in the Marine Corps. The Acting Secretary of the Navy wrote the fol-lowing in Craig’s citation for the Silver Star Medal. 
He unhesitatingly assumed the hazardous 
point position and while fearlessly advancing at the front of his team, he was severely wounded by an enemy mine. Despite intense pain, he valiantly continued to direct his men, urging them forward to complete their mission. 
About a week after sustaining that 
injury, Craig died from his wounds. Nearly 600 people attended Craig’s fu-neral. 
In addition to receiving many medals 
honoring his sacrifice and service, Craig was also inducted into the North Dakota American Legion Baseball Hall of Fame, and his fraternity named their library after him. 
His family cherishes an essay enti-
tled ‘‘My Philosophy of Life’’ Craig wrote in the eighth grade, where he stated: 
I believe in a free country. People must 
have courage and be willing to fight for our freedom. 
CHRISTOPHER DAVIS  
Christopher Davis was from Belcourt 
and was born June 1, 1942. He served in the Army’s 17th Field Hospital as a medic. Chris was 24 years old when he died on March 18, 1967. 
He was one of seven children. Also, 
his nephew, Gerald, was raised by Chris’s parents and the two were as close as brothers. Gerald remembers Chris’s fun personality and the little jokes and tricks he played on people, like dressing up and impersonating others. Chris loved to sing and play the guitar, and once won second place in a contest singing Ricky Nelson’s ‘‘Poor Little Fool.’’ 
While serving in Vietnam, Chris 
mailed his parents a letter describing seeing more blood in 1 day in the hos-pital in Vietnam than he had seen in his whole lifetime before that. 
After Chris died, Gerald served in the 
Army in Vietnam. Gerald went to visit the hospital where Chris worked but 
left almost as soon as he entered be-cause of the awful cries and screams that he heard. Chris’s family says that Chris’s son Marcus has similar looks and mannerisms to Chris. Marcus was just a baby when Chris died. 
DEWAYNE SELBY  
DeWayne Selby was from Bismarck. 
He was born July 6, 1948. He served in the Marine Corps’ India Company, 3rd Battalion, 3rd Marines. DeWayne died on May 26, 1968. He was 19 years old. 
DeWayne was one of four children. 
His brother, Richard, also served our country in the Navy. DeWayne’s sister, Phyllis, and his wife, Evan, remember what a soft heart DeWayne had. When he was 15 years old, he moved in with his grandparents so he could help take care of his aging grandfather. After high school, DeWayne worked as a me-chanic, often fixing cars for free for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.066 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3769 June 4, 2015 
people who did not have any money. 
DeWayne taught Phyllis how to play football and baseball with the boys, but if they got too rough, DeWayne pro-tected his little sister. 
DeWayne was shot and killed about a 
month into his tour of duty in Viet-nam. 
LARRY WARBIS  
Larry Warbis was from Haynes. He 
was born October 15, 1948. He served in the Army’s 9th Infantry Division. He died on October 6, 1968. He was 19 years old. 
Larry was one of five children and at-
tended Haynes High School, where he played basketball. He then worked at the Haynes elevator, where his brother managed the elevator. 
Larry’s sister, Vicki, says that she 
and Larry spent their free time to-gether hunting, catching snakes, and shooting pheasants year-round. Their mother scolded them for shooting pheasants out of season but then cooked the birds for the family to eat anyway. 
Vicki remembers Larry as a kind, 
soft person. Their cousin, Sharon Campbell, remembers having fun baby-sitting Larry and what a nice young man he grew up to be. 
Larry was killed about 2 months into 
his tour of duty in Vietnam. Larry’s body was returned to his family on his 20th birthday. 
DENNIS ‘‘BUDDY ’’ WOSICK  
Dennis ‘‘Buddy’’ Wosick was from 
Grand Forks and was born September 26, 1947. He served in the Army’s 11th Infantry Brigade. Buddy died on June 9, 1969. He was 21 years old. 
Although Dennis was his name, he 
was known to all of his family and friends as Buddy. First, he was his dad’s little buddy, and as he grew up, he became a buddy to all who knew him. 
He had dreams about becoming an as-
tronaut, and he could fix anything, in-cluding HAM radios, TVs, and cars. To this day, Buddy’s family still hears from people who knew him and people who have beautiful stories about his character, like when he gave up his lunch at school for another boy who had been bullied and whose sandwich was thrown on the ground. 
Buddy died saving the men in his bar-
racks from an explosion that could have killed them if he had not bravely jumped into the ammunition truck to drive it from the targeted barracks as it was being attacked. His sister, Kathy, whom I had the privilege to meet last Sunday in Fargo, believes that Buddy knew he was giving his life by driving that truck away, but that was the kind of guy Buddy was. 
ERNEST ‘‘ERNIE ’’ BARTOLINA , JR. 
Ernest ‘‘Ernie’’ Bartolina, Jr., was a 
Bismarck native. He was born Decem-ber 29, 1942. He served as a captain in the Marine Corps flying helicopters. Ernie was 26 years old when he died on February 7, 1969. 
He played the French horn in the 
band while attending Bismarck High School. He later attended Bismarck 
Junior College and the University of North Dakota where he received a de-gree in accounting. 
Ernie’s sister, Jan, says that he liked 
to have fun and had a good sense of humor. He and his dad enjoyed hunting and fishing together as often as they could. 
Ernie was killed when the helicopter 
he was flying on an emergency medical evacuation mission was shot down and crashed. The only survivor of the crash spoke with Jan and explained that Ernie’s calm and collected manner was the reason that survivor was able to live and that Ernie was highly re-spected by his fellow Marines. 
PAUL CHARNETZKI  
Paul Charnetzki was from Valley 
City and was born May 25, 1936. He served in the Army’s Military Assist-ance Command—Vietnam Advisers. Paul was 31 years old when he died on February 7, 1968. 
Paul left behind his wife and five 
sons. One son, also named Paul, said that his father loved this country and the Army. He was a professional sol-dier, and he respected and cared for his fellow soldiers. 
He spent as much time as he could 
with his sons, settling their fights and pretending to be tackled in their back-yard football games. 
Paul was killed when the Vietnamese 
unit he was advising was ambushed. He was shot while assisting his unit mem-bers into the evacuation helicopter. 
Paul was awarded the Silver Star 
Medal for his gallantry in action, and his son Paul believes that he would have been proud of that award, but even more proud of what his friends told Paul’s family; that he was the ul-timate warrior. 
JOSEPH ‘‘BILL’’ CRARY  
Joseph ‘‘Bill’’ Crary was from Fargo 
and was born April 18, 1945. He served in the Army’s 196th Infantry Brigade. He was 25 years old when he died on May 27, 1970. 
Bill was one of seven children. There 
were three sets of twins in his family. Bill and his twin sister, Kathy, were the oldest twins in the family. Bill’s brother, Mike, also served in Vietnam. 
The Crary family honors Mike as a 
hero for his service and selflessness as well. Mike told Bill that instead of being drafted, Bill should enlist and Mike would offer to sign up for a sec-ond tour of duty so Bill would not have to serve in Vietnam, but Bill did not agree. 
Bill had earned a degree from St. 
Louis University and was attending the University of North Dakota Law School when he was drafted. 
His siblings believe Bill was special 
and excelled at everything. They be-lieve he could have held office at the highest level. Bill’s cousin, Jim Crary, says Bill always saw the bright side of situations and was determined to do the best at whatever he was doing. Jim wrote a book about Bill titled ‘‘War Doesn’t Bother Butterflies (But It Killed Bill).’’ Jim’s book details Bill’s 
life and death and includes letters Bill wrote to friends and family. 
In Vietnam, Bill became a medic and 
died 1 month after arriving in Vietnam. He was killed after running to provide first aid and evacuate a fellow soldier who had been shot. Bill was awarded the Silver Star for his heroism and his devotion to his duty. 
ROGER FOREMAN  
Roger Foreman was from New Town 
and was born August 4, 1947. He served in the Army’s 101st Airborne Division. Roger died on July 18, 1969. He was 21 years old. 
He was the oldest of three children. 
His father, Earl, was wounded while serving in the Army in World War II. 
Roger’s brother, Dale, says that 
Roger was a caring person who loved his family and his country. Roger also loved his mom’s home cooking. His mother is still alive today. She is 95 years old. 
In his free time, Roger enjoyed hunt-
ing, fishing, motorcycles, track, foot-ball, and basketball. A highlight of his high school experience was taking sec-ond place in the 1963 State Class B Bas-ketball Tournament. 
After his death, Roger was awarded 
the Bronze Star Medal for Valor and the Purple Heart. 
JAMES FOWLER  
James Fowler was from Bismarck 
and was born January 7, 1938. He was a lieutenant colonel in the Air Force’s 523rd Tactical Fighter Squadron. James was 34 years old when he went missing on June 6, 1972. 
In Bismarck, he attended St. Mary’s 
High School. His family says he always loved North Dakota. 
In 1960, James earned a degree in ar-
chitecture from the University of Notre Dame, where there is today a scholarship named after him for his outstanding work called Outstanding ROTC. 
In 1972, James and CPT John Seuell 
were flying an F4D aircraft that was shot down over Vietnam. Their bodies have never been recovered. 
In addition to his mother Mildred 
and his sister Marcene, James left be-hind his wife Maralyn, daughter Jody, and son Stephen. 
In 1989, the sons of the two MIA pi-
lots met by chance. Stephen and Cap-tain John Seuell’s son, also named John, met at a banquet, learned that they grew up near each other, and both began attending the Air Force Acad-emy in Florida. Both boys had lifelong dreams to fly and become pilots like their fathers. 
ROBERT ‘‘BOB’’ HIMLER  
Robert ‘‘Bob’’ Himler was from 
Williston and was born October 21, 1942. He served as a captain in the Marine Corps. Robert was 25 years old when he died on October 24, 1968. 
He was attending the University of 
North Dakota with plans to become a doctor, but he paused his studies to en-list in the Marines. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.067 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3770 June 4, 2015 
In Vietnam, Robert was killed when 
the helicopter he was flying was struck by hostile fire, crashed, and burned. 
In addition to his parents and sib-
lings, he left behind his wife, Doris. 
Robert’s family says that everyone 
loved him and that to this day, when-ever his classmates see his sister, Patty, they still talk about him. 
Robert’s mother’s husband, Duane, 
has a diary that Robert kept while he served in Vietnam. Duane notes the in-teresting fact that Robert stopped writing in the diary about 5 months be-fore he died. 
BYRON KULLAND  
Byron Kulland was from New Town 
and was born on November 9, 1947. He served in the Army’s 196th Infantry Brigade. Byron was 24 years old when he went missing on April 2, 1972. 
His brother, Lee, says that Byron was 
always smiling and enjoyed life. He loved music, animals, and he loved his wife, Leona. 
Byron was musically gifted. His 
mother taught him to play the piano, and he taught himself to play the gui-tar and banjo. 
Byron and his brother, Lee, sheared 
sheep to help pay for Byron’s college tuition. Byron graduated from North Dakota State University with a degree in agricultural engineering. He also graduated from ROTC as a second lieu-tenant. 
In Vietnam in 1972, Byron and his 
helicopter crew were flying on a search and rescue mission when their heli-copter was shot down. For over a year, Byron was considered missing in ac-tion. One of his passengers was taken as a prisoner of war and returned to the United States in 1973. 
In 1993, Byron’s remains were uncov-
ered, and today he is buried in Arling-ton National Cemetery. 
DAVID ‘‘DAVIE ’’ DEPRIEST  
David ‘‘Davie’’ DePriest was from 
Rugby and was born September 17, 1946. He served in the Army’s 20th Engineer Brigade. David died on March 25, 1968. He was 21 years old. 
He was the youngest of six kids. He 
had four brothers and one sister. All five of the boys served our country in the military. The three youngest boys—David, Lane, and Russ—served in the Army in Vietnam, and Richard and Dennis served in the Air Force. The three youngest boys served in Vietnam at the same time. 
While in high school, David joined 
the National Guard and then later de-cided to join the Army. 
David’s brother, Russ, says that 
David was short but muscular and liked to hunt rabbits to improve the accuracy of his shot. 
While in Vietnam, the brothers were 
less than 100 miles apart, but they didn’t see each other until the day of David’s funeral. 
In addition to his siblings and par-
ents, David left behind his wife, Donna, and their young son, Travis. JOHN BRINKMEYER  
John Brinkmeyer was from New Eng-
land and was born June 19, 1946. He served in the Army’s 101st Airborne Di-vision Artillery. John was 22 years old when he died on November 27, 1968. 
John’s family says that he loved 
barefoot waterskiing and flying. John chose to serve so that none of his three brothers would ever have to. 
The last letter John mailed to his 
parents from Vietnam described, with a positive outlook, living and working in less-than-ideal conditions. In his let-ter, he wrote that he expected to be promoted and receive a better aircraft in about 1 month. But almost 2 weeks after writing the letter, John’s aircraft was shot down and John was killed. 
His captain wrote John’s parents a 
letter that said: 
John was the most outstanding young offi-
cer in my battery. 
He was hardworking and conscientious in 
all that he did. His personal courage on com-bat operations won him not only the respect of all the officers and men in the battery, but also that of Lt. Col. Bartholomew, the battalion commander, who personally chose John as his pilot. 
In addition to his parents, brothers, 
and sister, John left behind his wife Leona, daughter Lori, and son Michael. John’s daughter Lori feels that both her dad and mom were heroes—her dad for his service and sacrifice and her mom for dealing with the pain of losing her husband. 
I want to take a moment and thank 
all of the pages who have been so pa-tient as I have read these stories of these incredible men who gave their lives for our country. 
I think one of the reasons why we 
have periods of commemoration and why we do this is so that we remind not only those of us who lived during this time but we remind a younger gen-eration of that sacrifice and that op-portunity to serve our country and to honor those people who gave the ulti-mate sacrifice. 
Our Vietnam veterans had a lot of 
challenges when they returned home right after Vietnam, and their chal-lenges continue—whether it is un-treated post-traumatic stress or just simply being part of a war that gen-erated so much controversy in our country—but it can never diminish the sacrifice these men and their families made for our country. 
Again, I thank the pages for their at-
tention, and I hope these are voices and names they will remember for a long time along with me. I know it means a lot to their families. 
I thank the Presiding Officer, and I 
yield the floor. 
f 
REMEMBERING ELDER L. TOM 
PERRY 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise to 
honor the memory of Elder L. Tom Perry, an exemplary leader whose kindness, compassion, and love were as boundless as his optimism. Elder Perry quietly passed away on May 30 after a 
brief battle with thyroid cancer. Serv-ing as an apostle in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints for more than 40 years, Elder Perry trav-eled the world, strengthening con-gregations, visiting the poor, and min-istering to the sick and afflicted. Throughout his ecclesiastical service, his words and actions inspired count-less Latter-day Saints and many more outside the church. As millions across the world mourn his passing, we find peace in his teachings and take solace in the memory of a man who con-secrated his life to the service of oth-ers. 
From humble beginnings, Elder 
Perry developed a strong sense of dis-cipline that would later define his church service. Born to Leslie Thomas and Nora Sonne Perry in 1922, his fa-ther was a lawyer and his mother was a teacher by profession. Together, they taught Tom the principles of honest work and self-reliance. Elder Perry was no stranger to hard labor, and some of his earliest memories included long days working the fields, milking the family cow, and cutting hay by hand with an old scythe. From these early experiences, Elder Perry learned that nothing would be handed to him and that he had to work for everything he received. And work he did. 
After finishing his first year of col-
lege, Elder Perry accepted a call to serve his church in the Northern States Mission. During the 2 years Elder Perry worked as a volunteer mis-sionary, he developed a powerful testi-mony of Jesus Christ—a testimony that inspired a life of love and selfless service. After serving his church, Elder Perry desired to serve his country. He enlisted in the United States Marine Corps only a month after returning from his church mission. 
Elder Perry’s marine battalion was 
deployed to Nagasaki shortly after the Japanese surrender. Observing the dev-astation and suffering of the Japanese people only softened Elder Perry’s al-ready tender heart. In his off-duty hours, he rallied a group of fellow ma-rines to help him rebuild a Protestant chapel. On the same tour, he also helped repair a Catholic orphanage and build another chapel on the island of Saipan. While in Japan, Elder Perry grew especially close to a Protestant congregation. When he was transferred to another city, a group of nearly 200 members of this congregation gathered to bid him farewell. As his train crawled out of the station, each mem-ber of the congregation lined up along the track as Elder Perry reached out to touch their hands one by one. He loved these people, and they loved him back, making the goodbye all the more dif-ficult. Last Saturday, thousands of us tasted that same bittersweet emotion when Elder Perry departed this mortal life for the next. Like this small Japa-nese congregation, we were all moved by his kindness, energized by his en-thusiasm, and humbled by his service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:37 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.070 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3771 June 4, 2015 
After his honorable release from the 
Marine Corps, Elder Perry returned to Utah State University, where he earned a degree in finance and married his wife, Virginia Lee. Together, they were the parents of three children: Bar-bara, Linda Gay, and Lee. Family was always the highest priority for Elder Perry. Although his successful business career demanded much of his atten-tion, he always made special sacrifices to spend time with his wife and chil-dren. 
Elder Perry was also committed to 
balancing his busy work schedule with his church service. As his family moved across the country—from Idaho and California, to New York and Boston— Elder Perry served in various leader-ship positions for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, including two bishoprics, a high council, and two stake presidencies. In April 1974, he ac-cepted a calling to serve in the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles. Sadly, after serving as an apostle for only 8 months, Elder Perry’s beloved wife, Virginia Lee, died of cancer. Nine years later, cancer would also take his daughter, Barbara. Although Elder Perry’s life was marked by tragedy, it was not defined by it. His faith in God was unshakeable, as was his optimism. In response to heartbreak, Elder Perry said, ‘‘[The Lord] is very kind. Even though some experiences are hard, he floods your mind with memories and gives you other opportunities. Life doesn’t end just because you have a tragedy—there’s a new mountain to climb.’’ 
Elder Perry never stopped climbing 
those mountains, and he served val-iantly as an Apostle of Jesus Christ. In 1976, he married Barbara Dayton—his loving helpmeet and able partner who helped him bear the heavy responsi-bility of his apostolic calling. I will al-ways remember Elder Perry for the zeal and energy he brought to every facet of his life. Nothing could temper his enthusiasm, and nothing could deter him from doing what was right. 
Elder Perry never tired of his calling. 
He so loved meeting with church mem-bers and leaders throughout the world that he once said, ‘‘My association with great men has been not only an 
education, but an inspiration.’’ I can easily say the same of my own associa-tion with Elder Perry; it has been both an education and an inspiration, and I will always be grateful for his example. 
I will never forget Elder Perry, his 
life of dedicated service, and his un-wavering optimism. I consider myself lucky to have known him and even luckier to call him a friend. I will miss Elder Perry dearly, as will all those who knew him. I send my deepest con-dolences to his wife, Barbara, and their beautiful family. May God comfort them in this time of grief, and may his love be with them always. OPENING OF THE TAIPEI ECO-
NOMIC AND CULTURAL OFFICE IN DENVER, COLORADO 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I wish 
to welcome a great new diplomatic de-velopment in my home State of Colo-rado. Last week, Denver was proud to officially welcome the opening of the Taipei Economic and Cultural Office, TECO, the de-facto consulate of Tai-wan in the United States. The TECO office in Denver will serve Colorado, as well as the States of Missouri, Kansas, Nebraska, South Dakota, and North Dakota. 
I thank Taiwan’s leadership for this 
wise decision, particularly Dr. Lyushun Shen, the Representative of the Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office in the United States, TECRO in Washington, DC, as well as Mr. Jack J.C. Yang, the Director General of the new TECO Office in Denver. 
As Chairman of the Senate Foreign 
Relations Committee’s Subcommittee on Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Cooperation, I am com-mitted to ensuring that the U.S.-Tai-wan partnership continues to grow and prosper. Our nations must continue to work together to ensure regional sta-bility and to advance economic ties, in-cluding through landmark initiatives such as the Trans-Pacific Partnership, TPP. 
Our friendship has never been strong-
er. Taiwan is now the tenth largest trading partner for the U.S., while the U.S. is Taiwan’s largest foreign inves-tor. Our people-to-people relations are flourishing, with over 20,000 Taiwanese students studying in the U.S. each year. Over 75 U.S. cities have estab-lished sister city relationships with their Taiwanese counterparts, includ-ing Colorado Springs, CO, which has been a sister city to Kaohsiung since 1983. 
I know our nation’s bonds with Tai-
wan will only grow stronger, and I am proud that Denver will now be front and center in ensuring the continued friendship between our nations and peoples. I am confident that our Tai-wanese friends will not find more hos-pitable and welcoming hosts for their diplomats and visitors than the people of the great State of Colorado. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING SONNY SMITH 
∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize the service and sacrifice of Johnson County Auxiliary Sheriff Dep-uty Sonny Smith who gave his life while in the line of duty on May 15, 
2015. 
Deputy Smith led a life of service. 
The last 11 years he dedicated to safety and law enforcement as a detention of-ficer. He continued to serve for the past 6 years as an auxiliary deputy pro-tecting the people of Johnson County on a volunteer basis. 
Service was an important part of 
Sonny’s life. He served his country in the United States Navy and continued 
that commitment to his community when he left the military. Sonny was known for his compassion and leader-ship throughout Johnson County. His generosity was always on display. His fellow officers say they will remember Sonny as a humble man who was al-ways willing to serve his neighbors. As a father of high school students, Sonny attended all the pep rallies, football games and fundraisers. He was always helping Clarksville High School. His daughters Makayla and Callie describe their dad as a man always willing to help others in need. 
While he made a living working as a 
security guard at Arkansas Nuclear One, Sonny was a reliable handyman that many in the community reached out to for help repairing their garage doors. 
My thoughts and prayers go out to 
Sonny’s family, including his wife Amy, his daughters, and sons Dakota and Charlie. 
Deputy Sonny Smith was a true hero, 
not only because of the uniform he wore, but also because of his final ac-tions. By taking the lead when he re-sponded to a residential burglary call and exercising his professional train-ing, he saved the lives of his fellow offi-cers. 
I humbly offer my appreciation and 
gratitude for his selfless service to Ar-kansas. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO FEDERAL 
EMPLOYEES 
∑Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, a few 
weeks ago, I spoke on the floor about two of the outstanding Federal workers at the National Institutes of Health and I indicated at the time that I would be speaking periodically about other Federal workers who are doing extraordinary things on behalf of the American taxpayer. People wonder where their tax dollars go; I would like to provide a few examples. 
As I said at the time, ‘‘Government 
workers guard our borders; protect us from terrorists; treat our wounded vet-erans; dispense Social Security checks to our retirees; find cures for diseases; guide the Nation’s air traffic; explore the tiniest particles and the vast ex-panse of outer space; ensure our air is safe to breathe, our water is safe to drink, and our food is safe to eat; sup-port our servicemen and women in harm’s way; and promote our interests and ideals abroad. Who does the gov-ernment work for? Government Works for America.’’ 
The Partnership for Public Service 
announced the finalists for the 2015 Samuel J. Heyman Service to America Medals, also known as the ‘‘Sammies,’’ last month during Public Service Rec-ognition Week. As the Partnership notes, ‘‘Federal employees are respon-sible for many noteworthy and inspir-ing accomplishments that are seldom recognized or celebrated. The Samuel J. Heyman Service to America Medals 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.039 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3772 June 4, 2015 
highlight excellence in our Federal 
workforce and inspire other talented and dedicated individuals to go into 
public service.’’ 
Also last month, on May 5, the Wash-
ington Post, citing an Office of Per-sonnel Management—OPM—exit sur-vey of senior government managers who have retired or moved to other, nonfederal jobs, reported that the sin-gle biggest factor for leaving is the ‘‘political environment’’, which was blamed as a contributing factor ‘‘to a great extent’’ or ‘‘to a very great ex-tent’’ by 42 percent of the individuals surveyed. The article, by Post col-umnist Joe Davidson, quoted Brian M. Kent, a retired senior-level Federal sci-entist, who said, ‘‘Expect to be over-worked, undercompensated and mis-treated by both parties on the Hill, who do not appreciate the value of our expertise, our dedication and our tal-ents.’’ 
Congress and the American people 
need to realize that the Federal work-force is a crucial asset. There are some people who dislike government so much that they want to demonize and demoralize the workforce and deter young people from considering a career in public service. That is counter-productive. Find and remove the bad apples—yes, but acknowledge that they are few and far between. Overwhelm-ingly, Federal workers are hard-work-ing and patriotic Americans. Rather than denigrate them, we should treat them with respect in acknowledging their service to our Nation. 
One way to acknowledge that service 
is through the Sammies. I am proud that so many of the finalists this year work and/or live in Maryland, spread across several agencies and several of the award categories. I would like to mention a few today. 
DR. GRETCHEN K . CAMPBELL AND DR . RONALD  
ROSS 
The mission of the National Institute 
of Standards & Technology, NIST, which is headquartered in Gaithers-burg, MD, is to ‘‘promote U.S. innova-tion and industrial competitiveness by advancing measurement science, stand-ards, and technology in ways that en-hance economic security and improve our quality of life’’. NIST’s weights and measures services, a job assigned to the Federal Government in the Constitu-tion, provide the basis for the fairness and efficiency of sales. These services underpin the efficiency of about one- half of the U.S. economy, or about $7 trillion of the U.S. gross domestic product—GDP. Eighty percent of glob-al merchandise trade is influenced by testing and other measurement-related requirements of regulations and stand-ards. U.S. companies increasingly de-pend on NIST to help ensure access to global markets that create new busi-ness and jobs. 
Gretchen K. Campbell is a physicist 
at NIST and is a finalist in the 2015 ‘‘Call To Service’’ Medal. This medal recognizes a Federal employee whose professional achievements reflect the important contributions that a new 
generation brings to public service. We are all familiar with electronics. Now, scientists like Dr. Campbell are explor-ing a new frontier—a circuitry system that uses the flow of atoms rather than electrons that may lead to a wide range of future technological advances. Dr. Campbell, who is just 35, is a pio-neer and intellectual leader in this new and theoretical field of physics known as atomtronics, and has conducted a series of seminal experiments that show its promise and possibilities. 
Using light to control matter, Dr. 
Campbell created the first controllable atomtronic circuit in 2011 by moving ultra-cold atoms through a wire made of light—just as electrons flow through a metal wire. She added a permeable barrier to this circuit, also made of light, to serve as the control element, much as a transistor can control the current in an electronic circuit. 
Just as electronic devices manipulate 
the flow of electrons, atomtronic de-vices manipulate the flow of atoms, which are made up of electrons, pro-tons, and neutrons. Since atoms have properties that are very different from electrons—they do not have charged particles, for instance—atomtronic de-vices have the potential to go beyond the capabilities of electronics. 
Atomtronics will not supplant elec-
tronics, but may offer new kinds of functions and applications. An atomtronic circuit, for example, could be useful in applications such as rota-tion sensors, improving the functioning of gyroscopes used to stabilize space-craft and airplanes. Atomtronic cir-cuitry may be able to perform quantum computations that could offer a signifi-cant leap forward in computing speed, performance, and capability and lead to the next generation of technology that will enable smaller and cheaper devices. 
Dr. Ronald Ross, a Fellow at NIST, is 
a finalist for the 2015 Homeland Secu-rity & Law Enforcement Medal. This medal recognizes a Federal employee for a significant contribution to the Nation in activities related to home-land security and law enforcement. Mr. R
OSS, called the ‘‘rock star of cyberse-
curity’’ by his colleagues, developed and implemented a state-of-the-art system to assess risks and protect Fed-eral computer networks from cyberattacks, helping secure informa-tion critical to the Nation’s national and economic security. Most recently, Dr. Ross helped to establish the gov-ernment-wide program for cloud secu-rity assessment and authorization. 
The Federal Government used to rely 
on a rigid checklist approach to secur-ing computer networks, often ignoring changing threats and evolving tech-nology, and not always distinguishing what information needed higher secu-rity and what data was of lesser impor-tance. Dr. Ross, belying the image of a hidebound bureaucrat, designed the Risk Management Framework as a way for government agencies to decide how critical their various data sets are and 
to pick the right level of protection. With the framework Dr. Ross devel-oped, agencies can go through an as-sessment process and decide where to concentrate resources and tighten se-curity. 
The impact of Dr. Ross’s work in-
cludes reducing the cost of imple-menting cybersecurity controls and demonstrating compliance with mul-tiple security requirements, and en-hancing system interoperability among Federal agencies. Dr. Ross and his team have worked with the General Services Administration, the Depart-ment of Defense, and the Department of Homeland Security to test and vali-date the risk framework unveiled ear-lier this year that will be used by cloud computing service providers, allowing them to host some of the Federal Gov-ernment’s most sensitive information. And as the principal architect of a new national testing program and infra-structure, Dr. Ross also has been col-laborating with the National Security Agency to develop the first-ever net-work of commercial testing labora-tories capable of evaluating the secu-rity of information technology—IT— products. 
ROBERT BUNGE , MICHAEL GERBER , MARK PAESE , 
AND GREGORY ZWICKER  
The National Oceanic & Atmospheric 
Administration—NOAA—is headquart-ered in Silver Spring, MD. NOAA’s mis-sion is ‘‘Science, Service, and Steward-ship’’. The agency attempts ‘‘to under-stand and predict changes in climate, weather, oceans, and coasts; to dis-seminate that knowledge and informa-tion; and to conserve and manage coastal and marine ecosystems and re-sources’’. NOAA’s research, services, and products—ranging from daily weather forecasts, severe storm warn-ings and climate monitoring to fish-eries management, coastal restoration and supporting marine commerce—af-fect more than one-third of America’s GDP. 
Robert Bunge, Michael Gerber, Mark 
Paese, and Gregory Zwicker of the Na-tional Weather Service’s Wireless Emergency Alerts Team at NOAA are also finalists for the 2015 Homeland Se-curity & Law Enforcement Medal. They have developed a fast and geo-graphically targeted cell phone alert system, launched in 2012, for weather emergencies such as tornadoes, flash floods, and hurricanes that reaches millions of people, saving lives and pre-venting injuries. So far, the system has transmitted more than 13,000 warnings for the most dangerous types of severe weather to the cell phones of millions of people potentially in harm’s way across the United States. 
While other weather alert systems 
have been in use for years, this new method of using mobile devices and targeting very precise geographic areas is a significant improvement. It took many years of coordination with the Federal Communications Commission, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.078 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3773 June 4, 2015 
DHS, the Federal Emergency Manage-
ment Agency, and the major wireless telecommunications providers. 
Previously, weather emergency 
alerts from one of the 122 weather serv-ice offices around the country were emailed to the Washington, D.C. office and then forwarded to FEMA, which sent the alert to affected counties using television and radio broadcast technology. Cellular companies could independently text the warning infor-mation to their cell phone customers in the affected county, but the system was slow and too broadly targeted. The new weather alert system structures the information into concise mes-sages—90 or fewer characters—and uses geo-targeted data to broadcast the messages rapidly over cell phones only in the affected areas. 
The team worked with six of the 
largest cell phone companies to build 
the sophisticated technology needed to make the system work. They developed the infrastructure and protocol for the alerts, facilitated the decision-making for the weather alerts to be trans-mitted, and conducted extensive public awareness and educational programs. Mr. Bunge led the technical team, overseeing the software development, the data specialists, the coding, the host servers and other information technology needs, and helped create a system that targets the cell phone alerts to specific geographic locations. Mr. Gerber is a meteorologist and a specialist in how the weather service information is disseminated, and he played a critical role in making sure the right kind of weather alerts would be available and properly transmitted. He also is credited with convincing the wireless carriers to participate and make the needed investments. Mr. Paese handled many of the complicated management issues while Mr. Zwicker was involved in training some 2,000 weather forecasters in more than 122 offices around the country to use the system in coordination with Federal emergency management officials. 
Here’s an example of how effective 
the new system is: on July 1, 2013, a tornado obliterated a dome in East Windsor, CT, where 29 children had been playing soccer. Seconds before the tornado struck, a cell phone alert prompted the camp manager to rush the children out of the dome and into an adjacent building, preventing inju-ries and quite possibly fatalities. 
DR. HYUN LILLEHOJ  
The Agricultural Research Service— 
ARS—is the U.S. Department of Agri-culture’s USDA chief scientific in- house research agency, with head-quarters colocated here in Washington, DC and in Beltsville, MD. The agency’s job is ‘‘to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table’’. ARS conducts research to develop and transfer solu-tions to agricultural problems of high national priority and provide informa-tion access and dissemination to: en-sure high-quality, safe food, and other agricultural products; assess the nutri-
tional needs of Americans; sustain a competitive agricultural economy; en-hance the natural resource base and the environment; and provide economic opportunities for rural citizens, com-munities, and society as a whole. 
Dr. Hyun Lillehoj, a senior research 
molecular biologist at ARS in Belts-ville, is a finalist for the 2015 Career 
Achievement Medal. This medal recog-nizes a Federal employee for signifi-cant accomplishments throughout a lifetime of achievement in public serv-ice. Dr. Lillehoj has pioneered indus-try-leading research to improve the health of commercial poultry without the use of antibiotics, protecting con-sumers and making the U.S. poultry industry more competitive by saving it billions of dollars. 
There is growing concern over the 
widespread use of antibiotics in poultry and other food industries, which health experts say contributes to the develop-ment of drug-resistant bacteria. These so-called ‘‘superbugs’’ infect hundreds of thousands and kill tens of thousands of Americans each year, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. 
During three decades as a molecular 
biologist at ARS, Dr. Lillehoj has helped mitigate the use of antibiotics in poultry, finding that certain food supplements, probiotics, and nutrients can replace antibiotics as an effective means of enhancing the immune sys-tem and fighting common parasitic dis-eases and bacterial infections. The USDA estimates that the poultry dis-eases Dr. Lillehoj is working to combat cause more than $600 million in losses in the United States and $3.2 billion worldwide. 
Dr. Lillehoj has developed novel diag-
nostic and therapeutic products and discovered DNA markers for the ge-netic selection of disease-resistant chickens, paving the way for breeding healthier chickens that will benefit both consumers and the Nation’s $45 billion poultry industry. She has done this by creating one of the first gene li-braries from commercial chickens and depositing more than 55,000 individual gene sequences from this database into the public domain, providing other re-searchers with information that could lead to breeding poultry with superior resistance to parasites. She also has identified natural antimicrobial mol-ecules that have anti-cancer properties and kill infectious parasites; discov-ered a second-generation parasite vac-cine with an improved protection pro-file over current vaccines; developed therapeutic antibodies that boost im-munity for poultry; formulated health- promoting probiotics for veterinary use; and discovered organic, plant-de-rived herbal extracts and essential oils that fight infectious diseases affecting animals and humans. She is recognized as a world leader in understanding host-pathogen interactions of an avian parasite closely related to human ma-laria that is a major cause of disease affecting poultry and livestock. She 
also has done original research on a bacterium that is one of the most com-mon causes of food-borne illness in the U.S. Her scientific breakthroughs are documented in 10 U.S. and inter-national patents, more than 350 peer- reviewed scientific papers, 14 book chapters, and 230 worldwide collabora-tions with academia, foreign govern-ments and private industry. She has mentored more than 120 young sci-entists. 
Dr. Lillehoj embodies the American 
Dream. She is from South Korea. She came to the United States in 1969 after her father died, when she was just out of high school, and with just $200 in her pocket. At first, she wanted to be a cancer researcher, but her focus soon turned to immunology and she received a government scholarship. After she re-ceived her Ph.D., she went to work at the National Institutes of Health. USDA successfully recruited her in 1984, and she has been at ARS ever since. The government’s investment in her has paid enormous dividends. 
These are just a few of the Nation’s 
talented, creative, dedicated, and hard- working Federal employees. I ask my colleagues and all Americans to join me in congratulating them on their successes and thanking them for their public service. We are a strong and prosperous Nation, in part, because of our Federal workforce. We cannot take it for granted. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING BILL GALLAGHER 
∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, William 
‘‘Bill’’ Gallagher Jr., was an incredible father, teacher, farmer, husband, and public servant who was called home on May 22 at the age of 55. I am also hon-ored to have also called him a friend. 
Bill earned his bachelor’s degree 
from Western Montana College, which led him to Plains, MT as the high school’s new history teacher. He later moved to Polson, where he worked in the insurance business. His career then led him to Helena, where he learned how to farm before going on to earn his law degree from the University of Mon-tana Law School. 
Bill was an accomplished attorney in 
Helena, but his heart for our State 
eventually led him to public service. As the former chairman of the Mon-tana Public Service Commission, Bill worked tirelessly for the people of Montana. Because of his efforts, he helped Montana reacquire hydro-electric dams to bring good-paying jobs back to our State. 
He has left an incredible mark on our 
State and will be truly missed by all who knew him. His wife Jennifer, and children David and Catrina, as well as his five grandchildren, are in my thoughts and prayers. ∑ 
f 
CONGRATULATING LIEUTENANT 
COLONEL KEVIN KNUF 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today, I 
wish to congratulate Lt. Col. Kevin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.078 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3774 June 4, 2015 
Knuf on his retirement after nearly 32 
years of service to the Nevada Air Na-tional Guard. It gives me great pleas-ure to recognize his years of dedication to protecting the United States of America and Nevada. 
Lt. Col. Knuf enlisted on July 11, 
1983, and was commissioned from the Academy of Military Science in Knox-ville, TN. He most recently earned a degree from the School of Aerospace Medicine as a bioenvironmental engi-neer. He has been a great asset to the Nevada Air National Guard throughout his years, serving as deputy base civil engineer, base civil engineer, civil en-gineering squadron commander, and most recently as the officer in charge of the Bioenvironmental Engineering Flight and as the base environmental manager in the 152nd Medical Group of the Nevada Air National Guard. Throughout his service, Lieutenant Colonel Knuf deployed to Bagram Air-field in Afghanistan in support of Oper-ation Enduring Freedom and to Saudi Arabia in support of Operation South-ern Watch. His selfless contribution to this country is invaluable. 
Lieutenant Colonel Knuf’s service to 
the United States of America earns him a place among the heroes who have so valiantly defended our Nation. I offer my greatest appreciation to Lieu-tenant Colonel Knuf for his courageous contributions to defending our free-dom. Words could never fully express my deep appreciation for his sacrifice or for the sacrifices of all veterans and active military members across the country. 
As a member of the Senate Veterans’ 
Affairs Committee, I recognize that Congress has a responsibility not only to honor these brave individuals who serve our Nation, but also to ensure they are cared for when they return home. I remain committed to uphold-ing this promise for our veterans and servicemembers in Nevada and throughout the Nation. Lieutenant Colonel Knuf’s sacrifice warrants only the greatest respect and care in return. 
Lieutenant Colonel Knuf has dem-
onstrated professionalism, commit-ment to excellence, and dedication to the highest standards of the Nevada Air National Guard. I am proud to call him a fellow Nevadan, and today, I ask my colleagues to join me in recog-nizing Lt. Col. Kevin Knuf for his years of service. I wish him well in all of his future endeavors. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING JUNE AND ROBERT 
SEBO 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I 
wish to recognize June and Robert Sebo for their generous contribution to Honor Flight Nevada, honoring their best friend, Ray Parks. Mr. Parks was a World War II veteran who served in the U.S. Coast Guard for well over 30 years. Mr. and Mrs. Sebos’ contribution to this amazing organization is not only a grand gesture in memory of Mr. Park’s service to our country, but also a great gift to Nevada’s heroes. The 
$37,000 will send more than 30 veterans to visit our Nation’s capital, giving them an opportunity to visit their me-morials. 
I would also like to recognize both 
Mayor Gino Martini and the City of Sparks for accommodating the Third Annual Honor Flight Pancake Break-fast, a great event that helps make Honor Flight Nevada possible. The an-nual pancake breakfast provides Ne-vadans with an opportunity to support their local veterans and help Honor Flight Nevada succeed. The generous donation of Mayor Martini and his wife, Ruth Martini, as well as their commitment to helping Honor Flight Nevada, are shining examples of the strength of our Nevada community. The breakfast could also not take place without the hard work of Teri Bath, who coordinates the entire event. I have had the privilege of attending this pancake breakfast, and I can say first hand her work with this organization is invaluable. 
Honor Flight Nevada is a nonprofit 
organization committed to honoring the brave men and women who so val-iantly defended our freedom. The orga-nization sets up trips from Nevada to Washington, DC, providing our Na-tion’s veterans with an incredible op-portunity to visit the memorials hon-oring their service. From the National World War II Memorial, to the Korean War Veterans Memorial, to the Viet-nam Veterans Memorial, all the way to Arlington Cemetery, every veteran has the chance to see the memorials that stand as a testimony to the great sac-rifice they have made. 
The organization is led by Jon Yuspa, 
an individual who has truly impacted the lives of heroes across the State. Honor Flight Nevada offered its first trip to 30 World War II veterans in 2012 and now does as many as four trips per year. I have personally been at the Reno-Tahoe International Airport to send off the veterans as they prepare to depart from Nevada and have also met them in our Nation’s capital as they observed the World War II Memorial. I can attest to the positive impact that accompanies their journey. This truly is a life-changing experience for those who deserve only the greatest grati-tude for their service. 
Honor Flight Nevada’s mission is 
noble, and I thank everyone who con-tributed for their commitment and compassion to Nevada’s veterans. Today, I ask my colleagues and all Ne-vadans to join me in recognizing the many Nevadans who make these trips possible, especially Mr. and Mrs. Sebo for their donation. I wish Honor Flight Nevada the best of luck in all of its fu-ture endeavors. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TELLIS JEROME 
CHAPMAN 
∑Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize Rev. Dr. Tellis Jerome Chapman of Galilee Missionary Baptist Church in Detroit, MI as the congrega-
tion and the broader community cele-brate his 30th pastoral anniversary. 
Born and raised in the State of Mis-
sissippi, Reverend Chapman is a grad-uate of Jackson State University and has received honorary doctoral degrees from Natchez College and Dallas Bap-tist College. Reverend Chapman has served as pastor in churches across the South. On March 31, 1985, Reverend Chapman was called to the pastorate of Galilee Missionary Baptist Church where he has been devoted to serving for the past 30 years. Through his char-ismatic and dynamic leadership he has left a permanent mark on the con-gregation and Greater Detroit commu-nity. 
The congregation has steadily grown 
under Pastor Chapman’s leadership. His original vision of a church with classrooms, a daycare, and a senior cit-izen building came to fruition in 1997. The purchase of the property located on East Outer Drive included 7 acres of land and a building that provided seat-ing capacity for 1,000, with facilities to accommodate all of the church’s min-istries. The new edifice was inaugu-rated on Sunday May 31, 1998. Seven years later the church acquired adja-cent property and a new building with a new edifice. 
Reverend Chapman has been called 
many times to serve in a leadership ca-pacity among his ministerial peers and with Christian associations. He was an advisor on the Faith-Based Advisory Board of Governor Jennifer Granholm, and currently works as a president of the Baptist Missionary and Edu-cational State Convention of Michigan. He has served as vice moderator and vice president of the Michigan District Baptist Association and Congress of Michigan. Respected for his knowledge, he is well versed in parliamentary pro-cedure and served as parliamentarian for the Baptist Missionary and Edu-cational Convention of the State of Michigan. 
Reverend Chapman has been involved 
in Detroit’s recent growth and the de-velopment of mass transit through his work as a board member on the city of Detroit Department of Transportation Commission for several years. Rev-erend Chapman’s community service is not without energetic and influential involvement. He is the founder and president of the Chapel Vision Commu-nity Development Corporation, serving greater southeast Detroit. He is also Founder and President of the Mid-West Community Development Corporation, serving greater southeastern Michigan. 
Reverend Chapman’s efforts, both at 
the pulpit and beyond, have been strengthened by the love and support of his wife Eunice, and their four chil-dren, Cecil, Brandie, Candace, and Brannon. 
It is an honor to recognize the pro-
found impact that Rev. Dr. Tellis Je-rome Chapman has made on the con-gregation of Galilee Missionary Baptist Church for the last 30 years and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.064 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3775 June 4, 2015 
larger impact he has made on the 
Greater Detroit community. I wish Reverend Chapman, his family, and the congregants of Galilee many more re-warding years of spiritual fellowship. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING PAINTING WITH A 
TWIST 
∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President. Lou-
isiana has a rich culture and history known for fostering artistic and musi-cal creativity. After the devastation of Hurricane Katrina, two Louisiana en-trepreneurs opened a small business to provide their friends and neighbors with a safe and fun distraction during the recovery and rebuilding process. This week’s ‘‘Throwback Thursday’’ honorary Small Business of the Week is Painting with a Twist of Mandeville, LA. 
In 2007, longtime friends Cathy Deano 
and Renee Maloney became business partners after seeing a need in the greater New Orleans area for a distrac-tion and relief after Hurricane Katrina. The pair opened a small painting stu-dio, Painting with a Twist, formerly known as Corks N Canvas, where folks could learn to paint and enjoy a glass of wine at the same time. Today, Painting with a Twist has expanded to over 210 franchise locations across the country, with Deano and Maloney re-taining ownership of four locations while also maintaining the franchise headquarters in Mandeville. Painting with a Twist owns copyrights to over 3,500 pieces of art and is also the coun-try’s largest employer of aspiring art-ists. 
When they first started their small 
business, Deano and Maloney set aside one day’s salary each week per month to donate to local charities, in order to support the recovery and restoration efforts in southeast Louisiana. Today, that tradition continues with their campaign ‘‘Painting with a Purpose.’’ Held monthly at all Painting with a Twist locations, this event raises funds for charities and nonprofits in each franchise’s area. 
Congratulations again to Painting 
with a Twist for being selected as this week’s ‘‘Throwback Thursday’’ hon-orary Small Business of the Week. Thank you for your commitment to ad-vancing the arts in Louisiana and for your continued dedication to giving back to your community. ∑ 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 30TH 
ANNIVERSARY OF ‘‘THE GOONIES’’ 
∑Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, this Sun-
day marks the 30th anniversary of the release of the beloved film, ‘‘The Goonies.’’ With enduring and relatable themes of adventure, adolescence, and friendship, ‘‘The Goonies’’ has with-stood the test of time and firmly estab-lished its place in American culture as a cult classic. A large part of what makes this film unique and impactful is its iconic setting along the stunning Oregon coastline. Indeed, so significant is the film’s location that thousands of 
fans from around the world are gath-ering this week for a four-day festival in Astoria, Oregon—or, ‘‘The Goon Docks’’—to celebrate the magic that is ‘‘The Goonies.’’ In fact, Astoria has held a Goonies-based festival every year since the film’s release in 1985. 
‘‘The Goonies’’ 30th anniversary cele-
bration will include a variety of events around Astoria, as well as Cannon Beach, OR—another Oregon coastal town that served as an idyllic backdrop for the film. Most notably, Cannon Beach’s impressive Haystack Rock is featured prominently in the film’s opening scene. Fans will be able to re-live their favorite Goonies memories by participating in festivities such as tours of the filming locations, treasure hunts, and a group ‘‘truffle shuffle.’’ Astoria’s Oregon Film Museum also in-vites festival attendees to visit its Goonies gallery, take a mug shot with friends, and even make their own fea-ture film. Needless to say, it is sure to be a weekend of fun, nostalgia, and, in typical Goonie fashion, adventure. 
Just as the original Goonies fans and 
stars have grown and matured since the film’s release in 1985, so has Or-egon’s film industry. With its magnifi-cent and diverse natural beauty, Or-egon has become a much sought after location for film production. As the backdrop for major television shows and box-office hits alike, film produc-tion in Oregon brings with it good-pay-ing jobs and tourism that in turn sup-port local businesses and economic de-velopment across the State. Certainly all film producers in Oregon and across the country should aspire to achieve the remarkable success of ‘‘The Goonies’’. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following measure, having been 
reported from the Committee on Indian Affairs, was referred to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs, pursuant to the order of May 27, 1988, for a period not to exceed 60 days: 
S. 710. A bill to reauthorize the Native 
American Housing Assistance and Self-De-termination Act of 1996, and for other pur-poses. REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. BARRASSO, from the Committee 
on Indian Affairs, with amendments: 
S. 710. A bill to reauthorize the Native 
American Housing Assistance and Self-De-termination Act of 1996, and for other pur-poses. 
f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF 
COMMITTEES 
The following executive reports of 
nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. ROBERTS for the Committee on 
Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
*Jeffrey Michael Prieto, of California, to 
be General Counsel of the Department of Ag-riculture. 
By Mr. THUNE for the Committee on Com-
merce, Science, and Transportation. 
Peter V. Neffenger, of Ohio, to be an As-
sistant Secretary of Homeland Security. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY for the Committee on 
the Judiciary. 
Ann Donnelly, of New York, to be United 
States District Judge for the Eastern Dis-trict of New York. 
Dale A. Drozd, of California, to be United 
States District Judge for the Eastern Dis-trict of California. 
LaShann Moutique DeArcy Hall, of New 
York, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York. 
Lawrence Joseph Vilardo, of New York, to 
be United States District Judge for the West-ern District of New York. 
Eileen Maura Decker, of California, to be 
United States Attorney for the Central Dis-trict of California for the term of four years. 
John W. Huber, of Utah, to be United 
States Attorney for the District of Utah for the term of four years. 
Eric Steven Miller, of Vermont, to be 
United States Attorney for the District of Vermont for the term of four years. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-
ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
(Nominations without an asterisk 
were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Mr. 
CORNYN , and Ms. B ALDWIN ): 
S. 1502. A bill to authorize the award of the 
Medal of Honor to James Megellas, formerly of Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, and currently of Colleyville, Texas, for acts of valor on Janu-ary 28, 1945, during the Battle of the Bulge in World War II; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, 
Ms. A
YOTTE , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. 
REED, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. C OONS , 
Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. C ASEY , and Mr. 
SCHUMER ): 
S. 1503. A bill to provide for enhanced Fed-
eral efforts concerning the prevention, edu-cation, treatment, and research activities re-lated to Lyme disease and other tick-borne diseases, including the establishment of a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.069 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3776 June 4, 2015 
Tick-Borne Diseases Advisory Committee; to 
the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. MURPHY (for himself and Mr. 
F
RANKEN ): 
S. 1504. A bill to prohibit employers from 
requiring low-wage employees to enter into covenants not to compete, to require em-ployers to notify potential employees of any requirement to enter into a covenant not to compete, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. SCHATZ: 
S. 1505. A bill to amend part D of title V of 
the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to provide grants for the repair, renovation, and construction of elementary and secondary schools; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. SANDERS (for himself and Ms. 
S
TABENOW ): 
S. 1506. A bill to provide for youth jobs, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Ms. MIKULSKI (for herself and Mr. 
K
IRK): 
S. 1507. A bill to amend section 217 of the 
Immigration and Nationality Act to modify the visa waiver program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN: 
S. 1508. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to redesign $20 Federal reserve notes so as to include a likeness of Harriet Tubman, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
By Mr. CARPER (for himself, Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. H EINRICH , 
Mr. C OONS , and Mr. G RASSLEY ): 
S. 1509. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for the co-ordination of programs to prevent and treat obesity, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mrs. MURRAY: 
S. 1510. A bill to designate and expand wil-
derness areas in Olympic National Forest in the State of Washington, and to designate certain rivers in Olympic National Forest and Olympic National Park as wild and sce-nic rivers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. VITTER (for himself and Mr. 
C
ASSIDY ): 
S. 1511. A bill to promote the recycling of 
vessels in the United States and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mrs. S
HA-
HEEN , Ms. A YOTTE , and Mr. H ELLER ): 
S. 1512. A bill to eliminate discrimination 
and promote women’s health and economic security by ensuring reasonable workplace accommodations for workers whose ability to perform the functions of a job are limited by pregnancy, childbirth, or a related med-ical condition; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Mr. 
L
EAHY , and Mr. R UBIO): 
S. 1513. A bill to reauthorize the Second 
Chance Act of 2007; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. 
N
ELSON ): 
S. 1514. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for the appli-cation of Medicare secondary payer rules to certain workers’ compensation settlement agreements and qualified Medicare set-aside provisions; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. MARKEY: 
S. 1515. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to permanently extend the 
tax treatment for certain build America bonds, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. 
C
ASEY ): S. 1516. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to modify the energy credit to provide greater incentives for industrial energy efficiency; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, 
Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. C ARDIN , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , and Mr. U DALL ): 
S. 1517. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend the work oppor-tunity credit for hiring veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. LEE (for himself, Mrs. F
ISCHER , 
Mr. K ING, and Ms. C OLLINS ): 
S. 1518. A bill to make exclusive the au-
thority of the Federal Government to regu-late the labeling of products made in the United States and introduced in interstate or foreign commerce, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. 
A
LEXANDER ): 
S. 1519. A bill to amend the Labor Rela-
tions Management Act, 1947 to address slow-downs, strikes, and lock-outs occurring at ports in the United States, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and 
Ms. H
IRONO ): 
S. 1520. A bill to protect victims of stalk-
ing from violence; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. SCOTT: 
S. 1521. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to increase access for the uninsured to high quality physician care; to the Committee on Finance. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. ENZI: 
S. Res. 192. A resolution requiring that leg-
islation considered by the Senate be confined to a single issue; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, 
Mrs. B
OXER , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. 
BROWN , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. M ENENDEZ , 
Ms. W ARREN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. 
BOOKER , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. S CHATZ , 
Mr. C OONS , Mr. K ING, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , 
Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. 
KAINE, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. 
MARKEY , Mr. M ERKLEY , and Ms. 
BALDWIN ): 
S. Res. 193. A resolution celebrating the 
50th anniversary of the historic Griswold v. Connecticut decision of the Supreme Court of the United States and expressing the sense of the Senate that the case was an important step forward in helping ensure that all peo-ple of the United States are able to use con-traceptives to plan pregnancies and have healthier babies; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 202 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 202, a bill to provide for a tech-nical change to the Medicare long-term care hospital moratorium exception. 
S. 203 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 203, a bill to restore Ameri-
cans’ individual liberty by striking the Federal mandate to purchase insur-ance. 
S. 299 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
299, a bill to allow travel between the United States and Cuba. 
S. 311 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) and the Senator from 
New Mexico (Mr. U DALL ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 311, a bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to address and take action to prevent bullying and harassment of students. 
S. 352 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 352, a bill to amend section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemption from the individual health coverage mandate, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 626 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
names of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) and the Senator from Ohio 
(Mr. B ROWN ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 626, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to cover physi-cian services delivered by podiatric physicians to ensure access by Med-icaid beneficiaries to appropriate qual-ity foot and ankle care, to amend title XVIII of such Act to modify the re-quirements for diabetic shoes to be in-cluded under Medicare, and for other purposes. 
S. 637 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) and the Senator 
from Washington (Ms. C ANTWELL ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 637, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 682 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 682, a bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to modify the definitions of a mortgage originator and a high-cost mortgage. 
S. 751 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 751, a bill to improve the establishment of any lower ground- level ozone standards, and for other purposes. 
S. 799 
At the request of Mr. M CCONNELL , 
the name of the Senator from Arkansas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Feb 19, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S04JN5.REC S04JN5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3777 June 4, 2015 
(Mr. B OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 799, a bill to combat the rise of prenatal opioid abuse and neonatal abstinence syndrome. 
S. 857 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the 
names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ), the Senator from Michigan 
(Mr. P ETERS ) and the Senator from 
Maine (Mr. K ING) were added as cospon-
sors of S. 857, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medi-care program of an initial comprehen-sive care plan for Medicare bene-ficiaries newly diagnosed with Alz-heimer’s disease and related demen-tias, and for other purposes. 
S. 911 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 911, a bill to direct the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration to issue an order with respect to secondary cockpit barriers, and for other purposes. 
S. 982 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
982, a bill to prohibit the conditioning of any permit, lease, or other use agreement on the transfer of any water right to the United States by the Sec-retaries of the Interior and Agri-culture, and to require the Secretaries of the Interior and Agriculture to de-velop water planning instruments con-sistent with State law. 
S. 1110 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the name 
of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1110, a bill to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to publish in the Federal Register a strategy to significantly in-crease the role of volunteers and part-ners in National Forest System trail maintenance, and for other purposes. 
S. 1117 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1117, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to remove senior executives of the Department of Veterans Affairs for performance or misconduct to include removal of certain other employees of the Department, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1127 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name 
of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1127, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to expand the denial of deduction for certain excessive em-ployee remuneration, and for other purposes. 
S. 1140 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was withdrawn as a cosponsor of S. 1140, a bill to require the Secretary 
of the Army and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to propose a regulation revising the definition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’, and for other purposes. 
S. 1170 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1170, a bill to amend title 39, United States Code, to extend the authority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research, and for other purposes. 
S. 1188 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1188, a bill to provide for a tem-porary, emergency authorization of de-fense articles, defense services, and re-lated training directly to the Kurdistan Regional Government, and for other purposes. 
S. 1218 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1218, a bill to establish an interagency coordination committee or subcommittee with the leadership of the Department of Energy and the De-partment of the Interior, focused on the nexus between energy and water production, use, and efficiency, and for other purposes. 
S. 1229 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the 
name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1229, a bill to require the Secretary of Energy to submit a plan to implement recommendations to im-prove interactions between the Depart-ment of Energy and National Labora-tories. 
S. 1333 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the 
name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1333, a bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to exclude cannabidiol and cannabidiol-rich plants from the definition of mari-huana, and for other purposes. 
S. 1363 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1363, a bill to require the Secretary of Energy to submit to Congress a report assessing the capability of the Depart-ment of Energy to authorize, host, and oversee privately funded fusion and fis-sion reactor prototypes and related demonstration facilities at sites owned by the Department of Energy. 
S. 1382 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1382, a bill to prohibit dis-crimination in adoption or foster care placements based on the sexual ori-entation, gender identity, or marital 
status of any prospective adoptive or foster parent, or the sexual orientation or gender identity of the child in-volved. 
S. 1389 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the 
name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1389, a bill to authorize exportation of consumer communications devices to Cuba and the provision of tele-communications services to Cuba, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 180 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
Res. 180, a resolution urging additional sanctions against the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1468 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
names of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) and the Senator from 
Connecticut (Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) were 
added as cosponsors of amendment No. 1468 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1485 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the 
name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1485 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1735, a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construc-tion, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1494 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ), the Senator from Wash-
ington (Mrs. M URRAY ), the Senator 
from Minnesota (Mr. F RANKEN ) and the 
Senator from California (Mrs. B OXER ) 
were added as cosponsors of amend-ment No. 1494 proposed to H.R. 1735, a bill to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1498 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 1498 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, a bill to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1522 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.022 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3778 June 4, 2015 
RUBIO) and the Senator from South Da-
kota (Mr. R OUNDS ) were added as co-
sponsors of amendment No. 1522 pro-posed to H.R. 1735, a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construc-tion, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1524 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 1524 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, a bill to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1525 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1525 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1735, a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construc-tion, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1526 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1526 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1735, a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construc-tion, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1538 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1538 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1735, a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construc-tion, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1540 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1540 proposed to H.R. 1735, a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1549 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the 
names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) and the Senator from 
Florida (Mr. R UBIO) were added as co-
sponsors of amendment No. 1549 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, a bill to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of 
the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1550 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1550 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1735, a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construc-tion, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1551 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1551 proposed to H.R. 1735, a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1557 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1557 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1735, a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construc-tion, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1558 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1558 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1735, a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construc-tion, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1559 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) and the Senator 
from Minnesota (Mr. F RANKEN ) were 
added as cosponsors of amendment No. 1559 proposed to H.R. 1735, a bill to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1578 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the names of the Senator from Penn-sylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ), the Senator from 
Vermont (Mr. S ANDERS ) and the Sen-
ator from Oregon (Mr. M ERKLEY ) were 
added as cosponsors of amendment No. 1578 intended to be proposed to H. R. 1735, a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such 
fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1582 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 1582 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, a bill to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1601 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the 
names of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ), the Senator from Colorado 
(Mr. B ENNET ), the Senator from Vir-
ginia (Mr. W ARNER ), the Senator from 
Delaware (Mr. C ARPER ) and the Senator 
from Michigan (Mr. P ETERS ) were 
added as cosponsors of amendment No. 1601 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1602 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 1602 intended to be 
proposed to H.R. 1735, a bill to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1607 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the 
names of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), the Senator from Lou-
isiana (Mr. V ITTER ), the Senator from 
Idaho (Mr. C RAPO ), the Senator from 
Louisiana (Mr. C ASSIDY ) and the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire (Ms. A YOTTE ) 
were added as cosponsors of amend-ment No. 1607 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, a bill to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2016 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, 
Mr. L EAHY , and Mr. R UBIO): 
S. 1513. A bill to reauthorize the Sec-
ond Chance Act of 2007; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today I 
join with Senator P
ORTMAN to reintro-
duce the bipartisan Second Chance Re-authorization Act. This legislation builds on the success of the original law and takes important new steps to ensure that people coming out of pris-on are given a fair chance to turn their lives around. When inmates are re-leased from prison, they face many 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.023 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3779 June 4, 2015 
challenges, including finding housing 
and employment, combating substance abuse, and accessing physical and men-tal healthcare. This legislation aims to 
improve their ability to reenter soci-ety, become productive members of their families and communities, and reduce the likelihood that they will re-offend. Investing in reentry services has been proven to reduce recidivism and bring down prison costs. It is also the right thing to do. 
This legislation is urgently needed. 
While the United States is home to less than 5 percent of the world’s popu-lation, we have nearly 25 percent of the world’s prison population. With more than two million people behind bars, and 650,000 ex-offenders being released each year, we need to reauthorize these critical programs that reduce crime and increase public safety. 
Budgets at the State and Federal 
level are strained by our system of mass incarceration, and we all suffer as a result. The truth is that when so much money goes to locking people away, we have fewer resources for pro-grams that actually prevent crime in the first place. Investing in reentry programs that break the cycle of crime helps reduce prison costs and keeps us all safer. That is why law enforcement groups like the National Association of Police Organizations support this bill. They understand better than most that we cannot afford to stay on our current path. 
My home State of Vermont was re-
cently awarded a grant to implement a Statewide Recidivism Reduction Pro-gram through the Second Chance Act. The Commissioner of the Vermont De-partment of Corrections, Andrew Pallito, says that he sees the positive impact of Second Chance programming every day. In Commissioner Pallito’s words, ‘‘The Second Chance Act is not just about giving incarcerated individ-uals another opportunity to succeed, it is about significantly improving the outcomes we all want for children, families and communities.’’ 
We have seen that these programs 
are succeeding in States across the country. North Carolina, with the help of six Second Chance grants, has re-duced its recidivism rate by 18.1 per-cent since 2007. It has focused on indi-vidualized case planning, use of evi-dence-based practices, and coordina-tion of services through local reentry councils. 
Georgia has reduced its recidivism 
rate by 13.5 percent since 2007 by di-recting greater resources to rehabilita-tion, community supervision, and pro-grams addressing reentry needs. Thir-teen Second Chance grants have helped support these successful efforts and the statewide incarceration rate has de-creased by 4.8 percent. 
These programs are working, and it 
would be irresponsible not to continue supporting these critical efforts that are improving public safety and bring-ing down prison costs. 
I am introducing this bill so that it 
can be a part of our conversation in the Judiciary Committee and the full Sen-
ate about the urgent need for criminal justice reform. Recidivism rates at the State and local levels are unacceptably high. Nearly 
2⁄3of former inmates are 
rearrested within 3 years of release and about half ofthem end up back behind bars. Any serious effort to address re-form must include efforts to support reentry. Nearly all prisoners will re-turn to our communities at some point and it is wise policy to help make that transition successful. We all benefit— our families, our neighborhoods, our economy—when people become produc-tive, stable members of society. That is the goal of the Second Chance Act. That is why it is supported by Amer-ican Probation and Parole Association, the National Association of Counties, the American Bar Association, and the United Methodist Church, among many others. 
Let me be specific. This bill will help 
former inmates overcome some of the obstacles they face in finding a job, a 
place to live, and accessing healthcare services. Meeting these basic needs has become increasingly difficult because people coming out of jail are too often treated as second class citizens for the rest of their lives. As a former pros-ecutor, I believe in tough sentences for those who break out laws. However, once someone has paid their debt to so-ciety, he should not be burdened by past mistakes forever. 
Chairman G
RASSLEY convened a Judi-
ciary Committee hearing last month that highlighted just this issue. The hearing focused on the importance of the right to counsel for poor defend-ants charged with misdemeanors. Dur-ing that hearing, we heard testimony about Melinda, a single mother in Ohio who suffered a seizure while cleaning her house. When the police and para-medics arrived, they found unsecured cleaning supplies and Melinda ended up with a conviction for child endangerment. Years later, she was fired from her job when her employer learned of her criminal record. This left her unable to pay her rent, buy food for her family, or lead a produc-tive life. This is just not right, and it certainly does not make any of us safer. 
Any criminal conviction, no matter 
how minor, can hinder a person’s chances of success for their entire lives. The Second Chance Act equips people to deal with this difficult envi-ronment, and that assistance starts be-fore inmates are even released. Grants under this program have enabled states to hire case managers who meet with inmates while they are in jail to plan for their release, and continue to be a resource once they have returned home. Case managers help former of-fenders identify where to continue sub-stance abuse treatment, apply for jobs, and enroll in parenting classes. They also help them build conflict resolution skills and avoid certain people or places that threaten their recovery. 
A key component to remaining 
crime-free is getting and keeping a job, and this reauthorization implements a 
new ‘‘Transitional Jobs Strategy’’ to help identify and address the root causes of chronic unemployment for ex-offenders. This new strategy will support those individuals committed to working hard and getting their lives back on track by offering programs like vocational education, life skills training, or child care services. I am proud of this addition to the bill and believe it will improve lives and stimu-late our economy. 
We have learned from recent reports 
by the General Accounting Office and the Inspector General that our Na-tion’s aging prison population is cost-ing the Federal Bureau of Prisons mil-lions every year due to their increasing medical needs. Many of these older prisoners no longer represent a threat to public safety, so this bill increases the discretion of prison officials to de-termine when inmates over 60 should be released to home detention. It sim-ply doesn’t make sense to spend money incarcerating and caring for elderly in-mates who are not dangerous. 
Although the Second Chance reau-
thorization has passed with strong bi-partisan support through the Judiciary Committee each of the last two Con-gresses, the act expired in 2010. We need to pass this legislation this Con-gress as part of comprehensive crimi-nal justice reform. 
I am hopeful that with partners like 
Senator P
ORTMAN and Representatives 
SENSENBRENNER and D AVIS we will fi-
nally reauthorize it this Congress. We have been working hard to reach an agreement that is fair, fiscally respon-sible, and meets the needs of key stakeholders. We have the support of faith groups, law enforcement, and groups who provide services to the mentally ill and those struggling with addiction. This broad coalition has one thing in common—we all want to see our justice system work better. 
I thank Senator P
ORTMAN , Represent-
ative S ENSENBRENNER , and Representa-
tive D AVIS for their hard work and co-
operation. We have come together in a truly exceptional way in this bipar-tisan, bicameral effort. I look forward to joining with Democrats and Repub-licans to get this bill passed and signed into law. 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and 
Mr. C ASEY ): 
S. 1516. A bill to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the en-ergy credit to provide greater incen-tives for industrial energy efficiency; to the Committee on Finance. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I am 
pleased to be joined by my colleague, the distinguished Senator from Penn-sylvania, Mr. C
ASEY , in introducing the 
Power Efficiency and Resilience, POWER, Act. 
The POWER Act would expand tax 
incentives for industrial energy effi-ciency systems, including combined heat and power, CHP, and waste heat to power, WHP, technologies, making 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.036 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3780 June 4, 2015 
the incentives more accessible an pro-
viding parity with other forms of re-newable energy. The upfront costs of CHP and WHP can be expensive, and fa-cilities seeking to lower their energy bills often lack access to the capital needed for purchasing the equipment. The POWER Act aims to spur invest-ment in these efficient technologies that capture wasted heat from elec-tricity generation and industrial proc-esses and use it to heat or cool build-ings or to generate additional elec-tricity. Capturing this otherwise wast-ed resource has the potential to in-crease electrical generation efficiency by nearly 80 percent and reduce elec-
tricity costs for industrial users. 
While technologies such as solar en-
ergy and fuel cells currently benefit from a 30 percent investment tax cred-it, ITC, the incentives for CHP are more limited. CHP systems are only el-igible for a 10 percent ITC for the first 15 megawatts, MW, of projects that are smaller than 50 MW in capacity. More-over, while WHP has the potential to produce 15 gigawatts of emissions-free electricity nationwide, it currently does not qualify for the ITC. The limits on the size and scope of the ITC have hampered companies from making im-portant investments to increase their efficiency. The POWER Act would in-crease the ITC for CHP to 30 percent, allow WHP to qualify for the credit, re-move the limit on project size to en-sure large industrial systems are eligi-ble, and extend the credit through De-cember 2018 to allow time for equip-ment purchase, installation, and per-mitting. 
By making our industrial sector 
more efficient, we would be reducing costs for manufacturers and helping them to better compete in the global marketplace. CHP can also help us be a more resilient nation. Critical institu-tions that have combined heat and power can keep the power on even when the lights go out. That is why some hospitals, wastewater treatment plants, and military bases are install-ing CHP—they have to keep operating even in extreme weather or during blackouts. The POWER Act can save energy, reduce costs, build resilience, and reduce emissions. 
Woodard & Curran, headquartered in 
Portland, Maine, noted in its support for the bill that the POWER Act: ‘‘. . . will allow more companies to reduce energy use and costs by installing com-bined heat and power, CHP, systems. As a developer of such projects, we know that this technology poses a sig-nificant opportunity to generate new businesses, create jobs, and reduce our Nation’s energy consumption. CHP is still largely an untapped resource, and we could double its installed capacity over the next decade with the right policies in place.’’ Another company in Scarborough, ME, Self-Gen, Inc., stat-ed: ‘‘Every year, the United States sends enough wasted heat from elec-tricity generation up our chimneys to power Japan. Combined heat and power can harness this heat as a resource to 
create more electricity, nearly dou-bling efficiency. Senator Collins’ POWER Act will help us use this tech-nology throughout Maine and across the nation, moving the United States towards increased energy independ-ence.’’ 
The POWER Act would allow more 
U.S. companies to install CHP and WHP systems, which would help im-prove the energy efficiency and lower costs for some of the largest energy users. The legislation has the support of a broad coalition of businesses from across the country, several environ-mental organizations, and a number of trade associations. I urge my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to support this legislation. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 192—REQUIR-
ING THAT LEGISLATION CONSID-ERED BY THE SENATE BE CON-FINED TO A SINGLE ISSUE 
Mr. ENZI submitted the following 
resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Rules and Administra-tion: 
S. R ES. 192 
Resolved, 
SECTION 1. SINGLE-ISSUE REQUIREMENT. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in 
order in the Senate to consider a bill or reso-lution that is not confined to a single sub-ject. 
(b) S
UPERMAJORITY WAIVER AND APPEALS .— 
(1) W AIVER .—This section may be waived or 
suspended in the Senate only by the affirma-tive vote of two-thirds of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. 
(2) A
PPEALS .—Appeals in the Senate from 
the decisions of the Chair relating to any provision of this section shall be limited to 30 minutes, to be equally divided between, and controlled by, the appellant and the manager of the bill or resolution. An affirm-ative vote of two-thirds of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under this section. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 193—CELE-
BRATING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE HISTORIC GRIS-WOLD V. CONNECTICUT DECISION OF THE SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES AND EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT THE CASE WAS AN IMPORTANT STEP FORWARD IN HELPING ENSURE THAT ALL PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES ARE ABLE TO USE CONTRACEP-TIVES TO PLAN PREGNANCIES AND HAVE HEALTHIER BABIES 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mrs. 
B
OXER , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. 
HIRONO , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Ms. W ARREN , 
Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. B OOKER , Mrs. 
FEINSTEIN , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. C OONS , Mr. 
KING, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. F RANKEN , 
Mr. W ARNER , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. 
SCHUMER , Mr. K AINE, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. DURBIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M ERKLEY , 
and Ms. B ALDWIN ) submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 193 
Whereas, prior to the landmark decision of 
the Supreme Court of the United States in Griswold v. Connecticut, 381 U.S. 479 (1965), married women in many States were law-fully forbidden from using family planning tools such as contraceptives and condoms; 
Whereas the historic Griswold case pro-
vided precedent for future cases in the Su-preme Court that extended the right to use contraceptives to all women, regardless of marital status; 
Whereas, since Griswold, millions of 
women have used contraceptives to plan pregnancies, resulting in healthier women, healthier pregnancies, healthier families, and greater financial security for families; 
Whereas, despite having the legal right to 
use contraceptives, many women who need family planning and sexual health services still face financial and other barriers to get-ting the necessary care; 
Whereas, because of limited access to af-
fordable family planning services, low-in-come women are 5 times more likely to have an unintended pregnancy compared to women with higher incomes, and unintended pregnancy rates are increasing for poor and low-income women while decreasing for women with higher incomes; 
Whereas black and Latino women are dis-
proportionately affected by the lack of ac-cess to contraceptives and reproductive health care; 
Whereas programs such as the population 
research and voluntary family planning pro-grams under title X of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300 et seq.) and the Medicaid program under title XIX of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) help low-income women access high-quality, af-fordable family planning care, including con-traceptives, that helps women plan preg-nancies and stay healthy; 
Whereas the Patient Protection and Af-
fordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148) is helping realize the promise of Griswold by removing barriers to care by requiring that all insurance providers offer contraceptives and reproductive preventive health care services at no cost to women, and, as of 2014, more than 55,000,0000 women were benefitting from coverage without cost-sharing for pre-ventive services, including birth control, ac-cording to the Department of Health and Human Services; 
Whereas, each year, publicly funded con-
traceptives and family planning services help prevent approximately 2,000,000 un-planned pregnancies, 800,000 abortions, 400,000 miscarriages, and 200,000 pre-term and low birth rate births; 
Whereas, in 2015, the Institute of Medicine 
listed using birth control to reduce unin-tended pregnancies as 1 of 15 core measures for furthering health progress and improving health; 
Whereas, as the number of contraceptive 
methods expands, it is more important than ever that all women have access to the full range of contraceptive methods, including the most effective methods, so that each woman can choose the method that works best for her; and 
Whereas every dollar invested in publicly 
funded contraceptive saves taxpayers $7.09: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) celebrates the 50th anniversary of the 
1965 Griswold v. Connecticut decision of the Supreme Court of the United States; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.033 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3781 June 4, 2015 
(2) recognizes that birth control con-
stitutes basic health care for women; 
(3) recognizes that, despite the monu-
mental Griswold decision, affordable contra-ceptives unfortunately remain inaccessible to many poor and low-income women; 
(4) encourages robust investment in pub-
licly funded family planning services as a means to help women plan pregnancies and have healthier babies; 
(5) recognizes that investments in publicly 
funded family planning services help prevent unplanned pregnancies and abortions and help save taxpayer dollars; 
(6) acknowledges that all women, regard-
less of income or zip code, should have af-fordable access to the tools that help women plan and space their pregnancies; and 
(7) recognizes the value of the publicly 
funded family planning safety net in helping to realize the promise of the Griswold deci-sion. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 1614. Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. 
TOOMEY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. R OUNDS , and 
Mr. M ARKEY ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military construc-tion, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1615. Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. 
M
ORAN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1616. Mr. DONNELLY (for himself and 
Mr. B ENNET ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1617. Mr. DONNELLY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1618. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra. 
SA 1619. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1620. Mr. COATS submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1621. Mr. COATS submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1622. Mr. MORAN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1623. Mr. TESTER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1624. Mr. TESTER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1625. Mr. TESTER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1626. Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. 
M
ORAN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1627. Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. 
ENZI, Mr. C OONS , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. B ROWN , and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1628. Ms. AYOTTE (for herself, Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. G RAHAM , and Mr. R UBIO) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1629. Mr. COTTON (for himself and Mr. 
RUBIO) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1630. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1631. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1632. Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself and Mr. 
JOHNSON ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1633. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1634. Mr. BLUNT submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1635. Mr. BLUNT submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1636. Mr. BLUNT submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1637. Mr. BLUNT submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1638. Mr. BLUNT submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1639. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and 
Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1640. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1641. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1642. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1643. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1644. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1645. Mr. MARKEY proposed an amend-
ment to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra. 
SA 1646. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1647. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1648. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1649. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1650. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mrs. 
G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. M ERKLEY , and Mr. B OOKER ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1651. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1652. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1653. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1654. Mr. COONS submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1655. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. 
M
ERKLEY ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1656. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1657. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1658. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1659. Ms. COLLINS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:30 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.042 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3782 June 4, 2015 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-
dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1660. Ms. COLLINS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1661. Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. 
K
AINE) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1662. Mr. WARNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1663. Mr. WARNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1664. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1665. Mr. KIRK submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1666. Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M ANCHIN , 
and Ms. W ARREN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1667. Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself and Mr. 
BLUNT ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1668. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1669. Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself, Mr. 
D
ONNELLY , and Mr. T OOMEY ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1670. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1671. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1672. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1673. Mr. WARNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1674. Mr. WARNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1675. Mr. UDALL submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1676. Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. 
H
EINRICH ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1677. Mr. UDALL submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on 
the table. 
SA 1678. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1679. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1680. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1681. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1682. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1683. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Mr. 
M
URPHY , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Mr. B LUNT ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1684. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Ms. 
BALDWIN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Mr. P ETERS ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1685. Mr. NELSON (for himself and Ms. 
COLLINS ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1686. Mr. MORAN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1687. Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. I
NHOFE , 
Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. 
LANKFORD , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
RISCH, and Mr. R OBERTS ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1688. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Mr. 
D
ONNELLY ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1689. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1690. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1691. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1692. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1693. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself, 
Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. H EINRICH , and Mr. B ROWN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1694. Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. 
WYDEN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1695. Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. 
WYDEN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1696. Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. 
WYDEN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1697. Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. 
WYDEN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1698. Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. 
INHOFE , and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1699. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Ms. 
H
IRONO ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1700. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Ms. 
HIRONO ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1701. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1702. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1703. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1704. Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. 
B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. R EED, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. 
FRANKEN , and Mr. C ARPER ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1705. Mr. COATS (for himself, Mr. 
R
UBIO, and Mr. C ORNYN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1706. Mr. SESSIONS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1707. Mr. GARDNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1708. Mr. GARDNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1709. Mr. GARDNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.038 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3783 June 4, 2015 
amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1710. Mr. KIRK (for himself and Mr. 
M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1711. Ms. AYOTTE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1712. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1713. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. 
T
OOMEY ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1714. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1715. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1716. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1717. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1718. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1719. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1720. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1721. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1722. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1723. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1724. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1725. Mr. WICKER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1726. Mr. WICKER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1727. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1728. Mr. INHOFE (for himself, Ms. M
I-
KULSKI , Mr. K AINE, Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. R OUNDS , 
Mr. S CHATZ , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. 
HATCH , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. 
CASEY , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. N ELSON , and Mr. 
MARKEY ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1729. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1730. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1731. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and 
Ms. H
IRONO ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1732. Mr. DAINES submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1733. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. 
P
ETERS , and Mr. C ASSIDY ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1734. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and 
Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1735. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1736. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and 
Mr. M
ORAN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1737. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. 
BROWN , and Mr. B OOKER ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1738. Mrs. M
CCASKILL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1739. Mrs. M
CCASKILL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1740. Mrs. M
CCASKILL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1741. Mrs. M
CCASKILL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1742. Mrs. M
CCASKILL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1743. Mrs. M
CCASKILL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1744. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1745. Mr. PETERS (for himself, Ms. 
H
IRONO , and Mr. W YDEN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1746. Mr. PETERS (for himself, Ms. 
H
IRONO , and Mr. W YDEN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1747. Mr. CASEY (for himself and Ms. 
A
YOTTE ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1748. Mr. PETERS submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1749. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1750. Mr. WARNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1751. Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. 
M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1752. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself, Mr. 
INHOFE , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. 
TILLIS , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. G RAHAM , Ms. S TABE -
NOW, Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. U DALL , Mr. N ELSON , and Mr. 
MORAN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1753. Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mr. 
RUBIO, Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. A YOTTE , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. B ROWN , and Mr. M ENENDEZ ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1754. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1755. Mr. BURR (for himself and Mr. 
T
ILLIS ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1756. Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. 
MERKLEY ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1757. Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. 
MERKLEY ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1758. Mr. KIRK submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.039 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3784 June 4, 2015 
SA 1759. Mr. KIRK submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1760. Mrs. CAPITO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1761. Mr. CORNYN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1762. Mr. CORNYN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1763. Mr. CORNYN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1764. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1765. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1766. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1767. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1768. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1769. Mr. KING (for himself and Mr. 
C
ARPER ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1770. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1771. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1772. Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. 
M
ARKEY ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1773. Mr. NELSON submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1774. Ms. AYOTTE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1775. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself and 
Mr. K
IRK) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1776. Mr. KIRK submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on 
the table. 
SA 1777. Mr. DAINES submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1778. Mr. BURR (for himself and Mrs. 
F
EINSTEIN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1779. Mr. BURR (for himself and Mrs. 
FEINSTEIN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1780. Mr. CORKER (for himself and Mr. 
CARDIN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1781. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1782. Mr. McCONNELL (for Mr. 
T
OOMEY ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by Mr. McConnell to the bill H.R. 2146, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow Federal law enforce-ment officers, firefighters, and air traffic controllers to make penalty-free with-drawals from governmental plans after age 50, and for other purposes. 
SA 1783. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1784. Mr. KIRK (for himself and Mrs. 
G
ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1785. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1786. Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and 
Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1787. Mr. SESSIONS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1788. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R UBIO) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1789. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. R UBIO) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1790. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. R UBIO) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1791. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. R UBIO) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1792. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. R UBIO) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. 
MCCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1793. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1794. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 1614. Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. 
TOOMEY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. R OUNDS , 
and Mr. M ARKEY ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1049. REQUIREMENT THAT PASSENGER AIR-
CRAFT IN CIVIL RESERVE AIR FLEET HAVE SECONDARY COCKPIT BAR-RIERS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall require for any passenger aircraft participating in the Civil Reserve Air Fleet— 
(1) the installation of a barrier, other than 
the cockpit door, that prevents access to the flight deck of the aircraft; and 
(2) for any such aircraft— (A) that is equipped with a cockpit door, 
that the barrier required under paragraph (1) remain locked while— 
(i) the aircraft is in flight; and (ii) the cockpit door separating the flight 
deck and the passenger area is open; and 
(B) that is not equipped with a cockpit 
door, that the barrier required under para-graph (1) remain locked as determined appro-priate by the pilot in command. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C IVIL RESERVE AIR FLEET .—The term 
‘‘Civil Reserve Air Fleet’’ has the meaning given such term in section 9511 of title 10, United States Code. 
(2) P
ASSENGER AIRCRAFT .—The term ‘‘pas-
senger aircraft’’ means a passenger aircraft, as such term is defined in such section 9511, that— 
(A) has 75 or more seats; and (B) has a gross take-off weight of 75,000 
pounds or more. 
SA 1615. Mr. CASEY (for himself and 
Mr. M ORAN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title V, add the 
following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:20 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.040 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3785 June 4, 2015 
SEC. 565. CREDIT FOR STATE LICENSURE AND 
CERTIFICATION COSTS OF MILITARY SPOUSES ARISING BY REASON OF A PERMANENT CHANGE IN THE DUTY STATION OF THE MEMBER OF THE ARMED FORCES TO ANOTHER STATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart A of part IV of 
subchapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting after section 25D the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 25E. STATE LICENSURE AND CERTIFI-
CATION COSTS OF MILITARY SPOUSE ARISING FROM TRANSFER OF MEMBER OF ARMED FORCES TO ANOTHER STATE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of an eligible 
individual, there shall be allowed as a credit against the tax imposed by this chapter for the taxable year an amount equal to the qualified relicensing costs of such individual which are paid or incurred by the taxpayer during the taxable year. 
‘‘(b) M
AXIMUM CREDIT .—The credit allowed 
by this section with respect to each change of duty station shall not exceed $500. 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-
tion— 
‘‘(1) E LIGIBLE INDIVIDUAL .—The term ‘eligi-
ble individual’ means any individual— 
‘‘(A) who is married to a member of the 
Armed Forces of the United States at the time that the member moves to another State under a permanent change of station order, and 
‘‘(B) who moves to such other State with 
such member. 
‘‘(2) Q
UALIFIED RELICENSING COSTS .—The 
term ‘qualified relicensing costs’ means costs— 
‘‘(A) which are for a license or certification 
required by the State referred to in para-graph (1) to engage in the profession that such individual engaged in while within the State from which the individual moved, and 
‘‘(B) which are paid or incurred during the 
period beginning on the date that the orders referred to in paragraph (1)(A) are issued and ending on the date which is 1 year after the reporting date specified in such orders. 
‘‘(d) D
ENIAL OF DOUBLE BENEFIT .—The 
amount of any deduction or other credit al-lowable under this chapter for any expense taken into account in determining the credit allowed under this section shall be reduced by the amount of the credit under this sec-tion.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for such subpart A is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 25D the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 25E. State licensure and certification 
costs of military spouse arising from transfer of member of Armed Forces to another State.’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2014. 
SA 1616. Mr. DONNELLY (for himself 
and Mr. B ENNET ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 716 and insert the following: SEC. 716. DESIGNATION OF CERTAIN NON-DE-
PARTMENT MENTAL HEALTH CARE PROVIDERS WITH KNOWLEDGE RE-LATING TO TREATMENT OF MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND VETERANS. 
(a) M ENTAL HEALTH PROVIDER READINESS  
DESIGNATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, shall develop a system by which any non-Depart-ment mental health care provider that meets eligibility criteria established by the Sec-retary of Defense relating to the knowledge described in paragraph (2) receives a mental health provider readiness designation from the Department of Defense. 
(2) K
NOWLEDGE DESCRIBED .—The knowledge 
described in this paragraph is the following: 
(A) Knowledge and understanding with re-
spect to the culture of members of the Armed Forces, veterans, and family mem-bers and caregivers of members of the Armed Forces and veterans. 
(B) Knowledge with respect to evidence- 
based treatments that have been approved by the Department for the treatment of mental health issues among members of the Armed Forces and veterans. 
(b) A
VAILABILITY OF INFORMATION ON DES-
IGNATION .— 
(1) R EGISTRY .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall establish and update as necessary a registry that is available to the public of all non-Department mental health care pro-viders that are currently designated under subsection (a)(1). 
(2) P
ROVIDER LIST .—The Secretary con-
cerned shall update all lists maintained by such Secretary of non-Department mental health care providers that provide mental health care under the laws administered by such Secretary by indicating the providers that are currently designated under sub-section (a)(1). 
(3) P
UBLICATION OF INFORMATION .—The Sec-
retary concerned shall ensure that the reg-istry established and updated under para-graph (1) is available to the public on an Internet website maintained by each such Secretary. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) N ON-DEPARTMENT MENTAL HEALTH CARE  
PROVIDER DEFINED .—The term ‘‘non-Depart-
ment mental health care provider’’— 
(A) means a health care provider that— (i) specializes in mental health; (ii) is not a health care provider of the De-
partment of Defense or the Department of Veterans Affairs; and 
(iii) provides health care to members of the 
Armed Forces or veterans; and 
(B) includes psychiatrists, psychologists, 
psychiatric nurses, social workers, mental health counselors, marriage and family therapists, and other mental health care pro-viders designated by the Secretary of De-fense or the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. 
(2) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED .—The term ‘‘Sec-
retary concerned’’ means the Secretary of Defense with respect to matters concerning the Department of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs with respect to matters concerning the Department of Veterans Af-fairs. 
SA 1617. Mr. DONNELLY submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-
dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 713 and insert the following: 
SEC. 713. IMPROVEMENT OF MENTAL HEALTH 
CARE PROVIDED BY HEALTH CARE PROVIDERS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) T RAINING ON RECOGNITION AND MANAGE -
MENT OF RISK OF SUICIDE .— 
(1) I NITIAL TRAINING .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary concerned shall ensure that all primary care and mental health care providers under the jurisdiction of such Sec-retary receive, or have already received, evi-dence-based training on the recognition and assessment of individuals at risk for suicide and the management of such risk. 
(2) A
DDITIONAL TRAINING .—The Secretary 
concerned shall ensure that providers who receive, or have already received, training described in paragraph (1) receive such addi-tional training thereafter as may be required based on evidence-based changes in health care practices. 
(b) A
SSESSMENT OF MENTAL HEALTH WORK-
FORCE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a re-port assessing the mental health workforce of the Department of Defense and the De-partment of Veterans Affairs and the long- term mental health care needs of members of the Armed Forces, veterans, and their de-pendents for purposes of determining the long-term requirements of the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs for mental health care providers. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report submitted under 
paragraph (1) shall include an assessment of the following: 
(A) The number of mental health care pro-
viders of the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs as of the date of the submittal of the report, disaggregated by specialty, including psychi-atrists, psychologists, social workers, men-tal health counselors, and marriage and fam-ily therapists. 
(B) The number of mental health care pro-
viders that are anticipated to be needed by the Department of Defense and the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. 
(C) The types of mental health care pro-
viders that are anticipated to be needed by the Department of Defense and the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. 
(D) Locations in which mental health care 
providers are anticipated to be needed by the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
(c) P
LAN FOR DEVELOPMENT OF PROCEDURES  
TOMEASURE MENTAL HEALTH DATA.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary concerned 
shall develop a plan for the development of procedures to compile and assess data relat-ing to the following: 
(A) Outcomes for mental health care pro-
vided under the laws administered by such Secretary. 
(B) Variations in such outcomes among dif-
ferent medical facilities under the jurisdic-tion of such Secretary. 
(C) Barriers, if any, to the implementation 
by mental health care providers under the jurisdiction of such Secretary of the clinical practice guidelines and other evidence-based treatments and approaches recommended for such providers by such Secretary. 
(2) S
UBMITTAL OF PLAN .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.044 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3786 June 4, 2015 
Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Sec-
retary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly sub-mit to the appropriate committees of Con-gress each of the plans developed under para-graph (1). 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees 
of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives 
(2) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED .—The term ‘‘Sec-
retary concerned’’ means the Secretary of Defense with respect to matters concerning the Department of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs with respect to matters concerning the Department of Veterans Af-fairs. 
SA 1618. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 1618 
In the appropriate place please insert the 
following: 
SENSE OF SENATE.—It is the sense of the 
Senate that— 
(1) the accidental transfer of live Bacillus 
anthracis. also known as anthrax, from an Army laboratory to more than 28 labora-tories located in at least 12 states and three countries discovered in May 2015 represents a serious safety lapse; 
(2) the Department of Defense, in coopera-
tion with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Federal Bureau of Investigation, should continue to investigate the cause of this lapse and determine if pro-tective protocols should be strengthened; 
(3) the Department of Defense should reas-
sess standards on a regular basis to ensure they are current and effective to prevent a reoccurrence; and 
(4) the Department of Defense should keep 
Congress apprised of the investigation, any potential public health or safety risk, reme-dial actions taken and plans to regularly re-assess standards. 
SA 1619. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title V, add the 
following: 
SEC. 524. ESTABLISHMENT OF BREASTFEEDING 
POLICY FOR THE ARMY. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall develop a comprehensive pol-icy regarding breastfeeding by female mem-bers of the Army who are breastfeeding. At a minimum, the policy shall address the fol-lowing: 
(1) The provision of a designated room or 
area that will provide the member with ade-quate privacy and cleanliness and that in-
cludes an electrical outlet to facilitate the use of a breast pump. Restrooms should not be considered an appropriate location. 
(2) An allowance for appropriate breaks, 
when practicable, to permit the member to breastfeed or utilize a breast pump. 
SA 1620. Mr. COATS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1264. MILITARY EXCHANGES BETWEEN SEN-
IOR OFFICERS AND OFFICIALS OF THE UNITED STATES AND TAIWAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall carry out a program of exchanges of senior military officers and senior officials between the United States and Taiwan de-signed to improve military to military rela-tions between the United States and Taiwan. 
(b) E
XCHANGES DESCRIBED .—For the pur-
poses of this section, an exchange is an ac-tivity, exercise, event, or observation oppor-tunity between members of the Armed Forces and officials of the Department of De-fense, on the one hand, and armed forces per-sonnel and officials of Taiwan, on the other hand. 
(c) F
OCUS OF EXCHANGES .—The exchanges 
under the program carried out pursuant to subsection (a) shall include exchanges fo-cused on the following: 
(1) Threat analysis. (2) Military doctrine. (3) Force planning. (4) Logistical support. (5) Intelligence collection and analysis. (6) Operational tactics, techniques, and 
procedures. 
(7) Humanitarian assistance and disaster 
relief. 
(d) C
IVIL-MILITARY AFFAIRS .—The ex-
changes under the program carried out pur-suant to subsection (a) shall include activi-ties and exercises focused on civil-military relations, including parliamentary relations. 
(e) L
OCATION OF EXCHANGES .—The ex-
changes under the program carried out pur-suant to subsection (a) shall be conducted in both the United States and Taiwan. 
(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘senior military officer’’, 
with respect to the Armed Forces, means a general or flag officer of the Armed Forces on active duty. 
(2) The term ‘‘senior official’’, with respect 
to the Department of Defense, means a civil-ian official of the Department of Defense at the level of Assistant Secretary of Defense or above. 
SA 1621. Mr. COATS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title X, add the 
following: SEC. 1024. PROHIBITION ON RETIREMENT OF NU-
CLEAR POWERED AIRCRAFT CAR-RIERS BEFORE FIRST REFUELING. 
Section 5062 of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(e) A nuclear powered aircraft carrier 
may not be retired before its first refuel-ing.’’. 
SA 1622. Mr. MORAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XVI, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1628. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON REVIEWING 
AND CONSIDERING FINDINGS AND RECOMMENDATIONS OF COUNCIL OF GOVERNORS ON CYBER CAPA-BILITIES OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Sec-
retary of Defense should review and consider any findings and recommendations of the Council of Governors pertaining to cyber mission force requirements and any proposed reductions in and synchronization of the cyber capabilities of active or reserve com-ponents of the Armed Forces. 
SA 1623. Mr. TESTER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 706. PILOT PROGRAM ON EXPANSION OF 
ELIGIBILITY FOR READJUSTMENT COUNSELING FROM DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO INCLUDE MEMBERS OF THE SELECTED RE-SERVE OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning not later than 
one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall commence a three-year pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of furnishing counseling under Section 1712A(a) of title 38, United States Code, to any mem-ber of the Selected Reserve of the Armed Forces who has a behavioral health condi-tion or psychological trauma. 
(b) C
OMPREHENSIVE INDIVIDUAL ASSESS -
MENT .—Counseling furnished under the pilot 
program may include a comprehensive indi-vidual assessment under section 1712A(a)(1)(B)(i) of such title. 
(c) C
ONFIDENTIALITY .—The Secretary shall 
ensure that the confidentiality of individuals furnished counseling under the pilot program is protected to the same extent as the con-fidentiality of individuals furnished coun-seling under section 1712A(a) of such title. 
(d) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of the completion of the pilot program, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, submit to Congress a report on the findings of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs with respect to the pilot program. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:20 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.044 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3787 June 4, 2015 
(A) A description of the individuals who 
benefitted from counseling under the pilot program. 
(B) A description of any impediments to 
the Secretary in furnishing counseling under the pilot program. 
(C) A description of any impediments en-
countered by individuals in receiving coun-seling under the pilot program. 
(D) An assessment of the feasibility and 
advisability of furnishing counseling under the pilot program to all members of the Se-lected Reserve of the Armed Forces who have behavioral health conditions or psycho-logical trauma. 
(E) Such recommendations for legislative 
or administrative action as the Secretary considers appropriate with respect to the furnishing of counseling to such members. 
(e) V
ETCENTER DEFINED .—In this section, 
the term ‘‘Vet Center’’ means a center for re-adjustment counseling and related mental health services for veterans under section 1712A of title 38, United States Code. 
SA 1624. Mr. TESTER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title V, add the 
following: 
SEC. 706. PROVISION OF BEHAVIORAL HEALTH 
READINESS SERVICES TO CERTAIN MEMBERS OF THE SELECTED RE-SERVE BASED ON NEED. 
(a) P ROVISION AUTHORIZED .—Section 
1074a(g) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) 
as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (2): 
‘‘(2) The Secretary concerned may also pro-
vide to any member of the Selected Reserve not described in subsection (d)(1) or (f) care for behavioral health conditions if the Sec-retary determines, based on the most recent medical exam or mental health assessment of such member, that the receipt of such care by such member will ensure that such mem-ber meets applicable standards of medical readiness.’’. 
(b) F
UNDING .—Subject to applicable provi-
sions of appropriations Acts, amounts avail-able to the Department of Defense for the Defense Health Program shall be available for the provision of behavioral health serv-ices under section 1074a(g) of title 10, United States Code (as amended by subsection (a)). 
(c) B
UDGETING FOR HEALTH CARE.—In deter-
mining the amounts to be required for be-havioral health services for members of the Selected Reserve under section 1074a(g) of title 10, United States Code (as so amended), for purposes of the budget of the President for fiscal years after fiscal year 2016, as sub-mitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs shall consult with appropriate officials having re-sponsibility for the administration of the re-serve components of the Armed Forces, in-cluding the Chief of the National Guard Bu-reau with respect to the National Guard. 
SA 1625. Mr. TESTER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 
for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . CREDIT PROTECTIONS FOR 
SERVICEMEMBERS. 
(a) A CTIVE DUTYFREEZE ALERTS .—Section 
605A of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681c–1) is amended— 
(1) in the heading for such section, by 
striking ‘‘
AND ACTIVE DUTY ALERTS ’’ and in-
serting ‘‘ , ACTIVE DUTY ALERTS , AND ACTIVE  
DUTY FREEZE ALERTS ’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsections (d) 
through (h) as subsections (e) through (i), re-spectively; 
(3) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(d) A
CTIVE DUTY FREEZE ALERTS .—Upon 
the direct request of an active duty military consumer, or an individual acting on behalf of or as a personal representative of an ac-tive duty military consumer, a consumer re-porting agency described in section 603(p) that maintains a file on the active duty mili-tary consumer and has received appropriate proof of the identity of the requester, at no cost to the active duty military consumer while the consumer is deployed, shall— 
‘‘(1) include an active duty freeze alert in 
the file of that active duty military con-sumer, and also provide that alert along with any credit score generated in using that file, during a period of not less than 12 months, or such longer period as the Bureau shall deter-mine, by regulation, beginning on the date of the request, unless the active duty military consumer or such representative requests that such freeze alert be removed before the end of such period, and the agency has re-ceived appropriate proof of the identity of the requester for such purpose; 
‘‘(2) during the 2-year period beginning on 
the date of such request, exclude the active duty military consumer from any list of con-sumers prepared by the consumer reporting agency and provided to any third party to offer credit or insurance to the consumer as part of a transaction that was not initiated by the consumer, unless the consumer re-quests that such exclusion be rescinded be-fore the end of such period; and 
‘‘(3) refer the information regarding the ac-
tive duty freeze alert to each of the other consumer reporting agencies described in section 603(p), in accordance with procedures developed under section 621(f).’’; 
(4) in subsection (e), as so redesignated— (A) by striking ‘‘extended, and active duty 
alerts’’ and inserting ‘‘extended, active duty, and active duty freeze alerts’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘extended, or active duty 
alerts’’ and inserting ‘‘extended, active duty, or active duty freeze alerts’’; 
(5) in subsection (f), as so redesignated— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘or active duty alert’’ and in-serting ‘‘active duty alert, or active duty freeze alert’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘; and’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (d), 
in the case of a referral under subsection (d)(3).’’; 
(6) in subsection (g), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘or active duty alert’’ and inserting ‘‘active duty alert, or active duty freeze alert’’; and (7) in subsection (i), as so redesignated, by 
adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR ACTIVE DUTY  
FREEZE ALERTS .— 
‘‘(A) N OTIFICATION .—Each active duty 
freeze alert under this section shall include information that notifies all prospective users of a consumer report on the consumer to which the freeze alert relates that the consumer does not authorize the establish-ment of any new credit plan or extension of credit, including any credit under an open- end credit plan (as defined in section 103(i)), in the name of the consumer, or issuance of an additional card on an existing credit ac-count requested by a consumer, or any in-crease in credit limit on an existing credit account requested by a consumer. 
‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION ON USERS .—No prospec-
tive user of a consumer report that includes an active duty freeze alert in accordance with this section may establish a new credit plan or extension of credit, including any credit under an open-end credit plan (as de-fined in section 103(i)), in the name of the consumer, or issue an additional card on an existing credit account requested by a con-sumer, or grant any increase in credit limit on an existing credit account requested by a consumer.’’. 
(b) R
ULEMAKING .—The Bureau of Consumer 
Financial Protection shall prescribe regula-tions to define what constitutes appropriate proof of identity for purposes of section 605A(d) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, as amended by subsection (a). 
(c) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 
603(q)(2) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681a(q)(2)) is amended— 
(1) in the heading for such paragraph, by 
striking ‘‘
ACTIVE DUTY ALERT ’’ and inserting 
‘‘ACTIVE DUTY ALERT ; ACTIVE DUTY FREEZE  
ALERT ’’; and 
(2) by inserting ‘‘and ‘active duty freeze 
alert’’’ before ‘‘mean’’. 
SA 1626. Mr. TESTER (for himself 
and Mr. M ORAN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title V, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1116. ADDITIONAL LEAVE FOR FEDERAL EM-
PLOYEES WHO ARE DISABLED VET-ERANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 
63 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 6329. Disabled veteran leave 
‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) notwithstanding section 6301, the term 
‘employee’— 
‘(A) has the meaning given such term in 
section 2105; and 
‘‘(B) includes an officer or employee of the 
United States Postal Service or of the Postal Regulatory Commission; 
‘‘(2) the term ‘service-connected’ has the 
meaning given such term in section 101(16) of title 38; and 
‘‘(3) the term ‘veteran’ has the meaning 
given such term in section 101(2) of title 38. 
‘‘(b) L
EAVE CREDITED .—During the 12- 
month period beginning on the first day of the employment of an employee who is a vet-eran with a service-connected disability rated as 30 percent or more disabling, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.045 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3788 June 4, 2015 
employee is entitled to leave, without loss or 
reduction in pay, for purposes of undergoing medical treatment for such disability for which sick leave could regularly be used. 
‘‘(c) L
IMITATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) A MOUNT OF LEAVE .— The leave cred-
ited to an employee under subsection (b) may not exceed 104 hours. 
‘‘(2) N
O CARRY OVER .—Any leave credited to 
an employee under subsection (b) that is not used during the 12-month period described in such subsection may not be carried over and shall be forfeited. 
‘‘(d) C
ERTIFICATION .—In order to verify that 
leave credited to an employee under sub-section (b) is used for treating a service-con-nected disability, the employee shall submit to the head of the employing agency a cer-tification, in such form and manner as the Director of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment may prescribe, that the employee used the leave for purposes of being furnished treatment for the disability by a health care provider.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .— 
The table of sections for chapter 63 of title 
5, United States Code, is amended by adding after the item relating to section 6328 the following: 
‘‘6329. Disabled veteran leave.’’. 
(c) A
PPLICATION .—The amendment made by 
subsection (a) shall apply with respect to an employee (as that term is defined in section 6329(a)(1) of title 5, United States Code, as added by subsection (a)) hired on or after the date that is 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
SA 1627. Mr. TESTER (for himself, 
Mr. E NZI, Mr. C OONS , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
Mr. D AINES , Mr. B ROWN , and Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title V, add the 
following: 
SEC. 141. C–130 FLEET MODERNIZATION. 
(a) A FFIRMATION OF AUTHORITY TOMOD-
ERNIZE .—Congress affirms that, for the pur-
poses of modernizing the C–130 aircraft fleet, the Air Force has authority to undertake safety and compliance upgrades in lieu of the C–130 aircraft avionics modernization pro-gram of record to meet applicable regula-tions of the Federal Aviation Administration by 2020. 
(b) R
EPLACEMENT OF LIMITATION .—Section 
134 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3317) is amended by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following new sub-section (b): 
‘‘(b) C
OORDINATION WITHFAA INIMPLEMEN -
TATION OF ALTERNATIVE PROGRAM .—If the 
Secretary of the Air Force implements in ac-cordance with subsection (a)(2) the alter-native communication, navigation, surveil-lance, and air traffic management program described in subsection (a)(1)(3), the Sec-retary shall coordinate with the Adminis-trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion in the implementation of such program in order to meet or otherwise satisfy applica-ble safety and compliance airspace regula-tions.’’ SA 1628. Ms. AYOTTE (for herself, 
Mr. P ETERS , Mr. G RAHAM , and Mr. 
RUBIO) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1272, and insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 1272. UNITED STATES-ISRAEL ANTI-TUNNEL 
COOPERATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) Tunnels can be used for criminal pur-
poses, such as smuggling drugs, weapons, or humans, or for terrorist or military pur-poses, such as launching surprise attacks or detonating explosives underneath civilian or military infrastructure. 
(2) Tunnels have been a growing threat on 
the southern border of the United States for years. 
(3) In the conflict in Gaza in 2014, terrorists 
used tunnels to conduct attacks against Israel. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) it is in the national security interests 
of the United States to develop technology to detect and counter tunnels, and the best way to do this is to partner with other af-fected countries; 
(2) the Administration should, on a joint 
basis with Israel, carry out research, devel-opment, test, and evaluation of anti-tunnel capabilities to detect, map, and neutralize underground tunnels into and directed at the territory of Israel; and 
(3) the Administration should use devel-
oped anti-tunnel capabilities to better pro-tect the United States and deployed United States military personnel. 
(c) A
SSISTANCE TO ISRAEL TOESTABLISH  
ANTI-TUNNEL CAPABILITIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, 
upon request of the Ministry of Defense of Israel, is authorized to carry out research, development, test, and evaluation, on a joint basis with Israel, to establish anti-tunnel ca-pabilities to detect, map, and neutralize un-derground tunnels into and directed at the territory of Israel. Such authority includes authority to construct facilities and install equipment necessary to carry out research, development, test, and evaluation so author-ized. 
(2) C
ERTIFICATION .—The activities de-
scribed in paragraphs (1) and (3) may be car-ried out after the Secretary of Defense cer-tifies to Congress the following: 
(A) The Secretary has finalized a memo-
randum of understanding or other formal agreement between the United States and Israel regarding sharing of research and de-velopment costs for the capabilities de-scribed in paragraph (1). 
(B) The understanding or agreement— (i) requires sharing of costs of projects, in-
cluding in-kind support, between the United States and Israel; 
(ii) establishes a framework to negotiate 
the rights to any intellectual property devel-oped under the cooperative research and de-velopment projects; and 
(iii) requires the United States Govern-
ment to receive quarterly reports on expend-iture of funds, if any, by the Government of Israel, including a description of what the funds have been used for, when funds were expended, and an identification of entities 
that expended the funds. 
(3) A
SSISTANCE .—The Secretary of Defense, 
upon request of the Government of Israel, is authorized to provide procurement, mainte-nance, and sustainment assistance to Israel in support of the anti-tunnel capabilities re-search, development, test, and evaluation ac-tivities authorized in paragraph (1). 
(d) R
EPORTS .— 
(1) I NITIAL REPORT .—The Secretary of De-
fense shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress a report that contains a copy of the memorandum of understanding and other documents between the United States and Israel as described in subsection (c)(2). 
(2) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .—The Secretary 
shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress on a quarterly basis a report that contains a copy of the most recent quarterly report provided by the Govern-ment of Israel to the Department of Defense pursuant to subsection (c)(2)(B)(iii). 
(e) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SA 1629. Mr. COTTON (for himself 
and Mr. R UBIO) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XXXI, add 
the following: 
SEC. 3124. ENSURING UNITED STATES CIVIL NU-
CLEAR COMPONENTS ARE NOT ILLE-GALLY DIVERTED TO NUCLEAR NAVAL PROPULSION PROGRAMS. 
Section 57 of the Atomic Energy Act of 
1954 (42 U.S.C. 2077) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f)(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), 
the Secretary may not make an authoriza-tion under subsection b.(2) with respect to a foreign country with a nuclear naval propul-sion program unless— 
‘‘(A) the Director of National Intelligence 
and the Chief of Naval Operations jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees an assessment of the risks of di-version, and the likely consequences of such diversion, of the technology and material covered by such authorization; and 
‘‘(B) following the date on which such as-
sessment is submitted, the Administrator for Nuclear Security certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that— 
‘‘(i) there is sufficient diversion control as 
part of the authorization; and 
‘‘(ii) the authorization presents a minimal 
risk of diversion of such technology and ma-terial to a military program that would de-grade the technical advantage of the United States. 
‘‘(2) The limitation under paragraph (1) 
shall not apply with respect to France or the United Kingdom. 
‘‘(3) In this subsection, the term ‘appro-
priate congressional committees’ means the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:20 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.051 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3789 June 4, 2015 
‘‘(A) The congressional defense committees 
(as defined in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code). 
‘‘(B) The Select Committee on Intelligence 
of the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
‘‘(C) The Committee on Foreign Relations 
of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives.’’. 
SA 1630. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. REQUIREMENT TO CONTACT CERTAIN 
TRICARE PROVIDERS TO DETER-MINE INTEREST IN PARTICIPATING IN CHOICE PROGRAM OF DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) S UBMITTAL OF LIST.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs a list of all health care providers who participate in the TRICARE program and who are not health care providers of the Department of Defense. 
(2) U
PDATE .—Not less frequently than 
twice each year after the submittal of the list under paragraph (1), the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs an update to such list. 
(b) D
ETERMINATION OF INTEREST IN PARTICI -
PATION .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs 
shall contact each provider included in the list submitted under paragraph (1) or any up-date to such list submitted under paragraph (2) to determine whether any such provider would be interested in furnishing care to vet-erans under section 101 of the Veterans Ac-cess, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note). 
(c) TRICARE P
ROGRAM DEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘‘TRICARE program’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1072 
of title 10, United States Code. 
SA 1631. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. MAINTENANCE BY DEPARTMENT OF 
VETERANS AFFAIRS OF CERTAIN JOINT VENTURES WITH DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subsection (b) and notwithstanding the pol-icy statement of the Department of Veterans Affairs dated May 12, 2015, and entitled ‘‘Vet-erans Health Administration Hierarchy for Purchased Care’’ or any other policy of the Department relating to purchased care for purposes of implementing section 101 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note), the Secretary of Veterans Affairs may not— (1) withdraw from any arrangement under 
which the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of Defense jointly operate a hospital; 
(2) reduce or eliminate staffing, funding, or 
the provision of other resources to a hospital that is so jointly operated; or 
(3) limit the access of veterans to any such 
hospital. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary of Veterans 
Affairs may carry out an action listed in paragraphs (1) through (3) of subsection (a) with respect to a hospital if the Secretary submits a report to the Secretary of Defense, the appropriate committees of Congress, and each Member of the Senate and the House of Representatives who represents the State in which the hospital is located— 
(1) providing 180 days advance notice of the 
intent of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out the action; and 
(2) specifying the reasons of the Secretary 
for carrying out the action. 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SA 1632. Mr. M CCAIN (for himself and 
Mr. J OHNSON ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the 
table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
Subtitle ll—Border Security Effectiveness 
Metrics 
SEC. ll1. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Homeland Security 
of the House of Representatives. 
(2) C OCAINE REMOVAL EFFECTIVENESS  
RATE .—The term ‘‘cocaine removal effective-
ness rate’’ means the percentage that results from dividing— 
(A) the amount of cocaine removed by the 
Department of Homeland Security’s mari-time security components inside or outside a transit zone, as the case may be; by 
(B) the total documented cocaine flow 
rate, as contained in Federal drug databases. 
(3) C
ONSEQUENCE DELIVERY SYSTEM .—The 
term ‘‘Consequence Delivery System’’ means the series of consequences applied by the Border Patrol to persons unlawfully entering the United States to prevent unlawful border crossing recidivism. 
(4) F
EDERAL LANDS .—The term ‘‘Federal 
lands’’ includes all land under the control of the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Agriculture, or the Secretary of the Interior along the international border between the United States and Mexico. 
(5) G
OT AWAY .—The term ‘‘got away’’ 
means an unlawful border crosser who, after making an unlawful entry into the United States, is not turned back or apprehended. (6) M
AJOR VIOLATOR .—The term ‘‘major vi-
olator’’ means a person or entity that has engaged in serious criminal activities at any land, air, or sea port of entry, including— 
(A) possession of illicit drugs; (B) smuggling of prohibited products; (C) human smuggling; (D) weapons possession; (E) use of fraudulent United States docu-
ments; or 
(F) other offenses serious enough to result 
in arrest. 
(7) S
ITUATIONAL AWARENESS .—The term 
‘‘situational awareness’’ means knowledge and unified understanding of current unlaw-ful cross-border activity, including— 
(A) threats and trends concerning illicit 
trafficking and unlawful crossings; 
(B) the ability to forecast future shifts in 
such threats and trends; 
(C) the ability to evaluate such threats and 
trends at a level sufficient to create action-able plans; and 
(D) the operational capability to conduct 
continuous and integrated surveillance of the international borders of the United States. 
(8) T
RANSIT ZONE .—The term ‘‘transit 
zone’’ means the sea corridors of the western Atlantic Ocean, the Gulf of Mexico, the Car-ibbean Sea, and the eastern Pacific Ocean through which undocumented migrants and illicit drugs transit, either directly or indi-rectly, to the United States. 
(9) T
URN BACK .—The term ‘‘turn back’’ 
means an unlawful border crosser who, after making an unlawful entry into the United States, returns to the country from which such crosser entered. 
(10) U
NLAWFUL BORDER CROSSING EFFECTIVE -
NESS RATE .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘unlawful bor-
der crossing effectiveness rate’’ means the percentage that results from dividing— 
(i) the number of apprehensions and turn 
backs; by 
(ii) the number of apprehensions, turn 
backs, and got aways. 
(B) M
ANNER OF COLLECTION .—The data used 
by the Secretary of Homeland Security to determine the unlawful border crossing ef-fectiveness rate shall be collected and re-ported in a consistent and standardized man-ner across all Border Patrol sectors, in-formed by situational awareness. 
SEC. ll2. METRICS FOR SECURING THE BORDER 
BETWEEN PORTS OF ENTRY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter, the Chief of the Border Patrol shall develop metrics, in-formed by situational awareness, to measure the effectiveness of security between ports of entry. The metrics developed under this sub-section shall include— 
(1) an unlawful border crossing effective-
ness rate, which is informed by situational awareness; 
(2) a probability of detection, which com-
pares the estimated total unlawful border crossing attempts not detected by the Border Patrol to the unlawful border crossing effec-tiveness rate; 
(3) a weight-to-frequency rate, which com-
pares the average weight of marijuana seized per seizure by the Border Patrol in any fiscal year to such weight-to-frequency rate for the immediately preceding 5 fiscal years; 
(4) a situational awareness achievement 
metric, which measures the amount of situa-tional awareness achieved in each Border Pa-trol sector; 
(5) an illicit drugs seizure rate, which com-
pares the amount and type of illicit drugs seized by the Border Patrol in any fiscal year to an average of the amount and type of il-licit drugs seized by the Border Patrol in the immediately preceding 5 fiscal years; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.047 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3790 June 4, 2015 
(6) in consultation with the Office of Na-
tional Drug Control Policy and the United States Southern Command, a cocaine seizure effectiveness rate, which is the percentage resulting from dividing— 
(A) the amount of cocaine seized by the 
Border Patrol; by 
(B) the total documented cocaine flow rate 
between ports of entry along the Southern land border; 
(7) estimates, using alternative methodolo-
gies, including recidivism data, survey data, known-flow data, and technologically meas-ured data, of— 
(A) total attempted unlawful border cross-
ings; 
(B) the rate of apprehension of attempted 
unlawful border crossers; and 
(C) the inflow into the United States of un-
lawful border crossers who evade apprehen-sion; and 
(8) estimates of the impact of the Border 
Patrol’s Consequence Delivery System on the rate of recidivism of unlawful border crossers over multiple fiscal years and an ex-amination of each consequence, including— 
(A) voluntary return; (B) warrant of arrest or notice to appear; (C) expedited removal; (D) reinstatement of removal; (E) alien transfer exit program; (F) streamline; (G) standard prosecution; and (H) Operation Against Smugglers Initia-
tive on Safety and Security. 
(b) M
ETRICS CONSULTATION .—In developing 
the metrics required under subsection (a), the Chief of the Border Patrol shall consult with staff members of the Office of Policy of the Department of Homeland Security and staff members of the Office of the Chief Fi-nancial Officer of the Department of Home-land Security. 
SEC. ll3. METRICS FOR SECURING THE BORDER 
AT PORTS OF ENTRY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Assistant Com-missioner for the Office of Field Operations in U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall develop metrics, informed by situational awareness, to measure the effectiveness of security at ports of entry. The metrics devel-oped under this subsection shall include— 
(1) an inadmissible border crossing rate, 
which is measured by dividing— 
(A) the number of known inadmissible bor-
der crossers who are denied entry, excluding those border crossers who voluntarily with-draw their applications for admission; by 
(B) the total estimated number of inadmis-
sible border crossers who attempt entry; 
(2) an illicit drugs seizure rate, which com-
pares the amount and type of illicit drugs seized by the Office of Field Operations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection in any fiscal year to an average of the amount and type of illicit drugs seized by U.S. Customs and Border Protection for the immediately preceding 5 fiscal years; 
(3) in consultation with the Office of Na-
tional Drug Control Policy and the United States Southern Command, a cocaine seizure effectiveness rate, which is the percentage resulting from dividing— 
(A) the amount of cocaine seized by the Of-
fice of Field Operations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; by 
(B) the total documented cocaine flow rate 
at ports of entry along the Southern land border; 
(4) estimates, using alternative methodolo-
gies, including survey data and randomized secondary screening data, of— 
(A) total attempted inadmissible border 
crossers; 
(B) the rate of apprehension of attempted 
inadmissible border crossers; and (C) the inflow into the United States of in-
admissible border crossers who evade appre-hension; 
(5) the number of infractions related to 
personnel and cargo committed by major violators who are apprehended by the Office of Field Operations of U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection at ports of entry, and the es-timated number of such infractions com-mitted by major violators who are not appre-hended; 
(6) a measurement of how border security 
operations affect border crossing times; 
(7) the amount and type of illicit drugs 
seized by the Office of Field Operations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection at United States seaports during the previous fiscal year; and 
(8) a cargo scanning rate, which compares 
the number of cargo containers scanned by the Office of Field Operations of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection at each United States seaport during the previous fiscal year to the total number of cargo containers entering the United States at each seaport during the previous fiscal year. 
(b) M
ETRICS CONSULTATION .—In developing 
the metrics required under subsection (a), the Assistant Commissioner for the Office of Field Operations shall consult with staff members of the Office of Policy at the De-partment of Homeland Security and staff members of the Office of the Chief Financial Officer of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. 
SEC. ll4. METRICS FOR SECURING THE MARI-
TIME BORDER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter, the Commandant of the United States Coast Guard and the As-sistant Commissioner for the Office of Air and Marine for U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection shall jointly implement metrics, in-formed by situational awareness, to measure the effectiveness of security in the maritime environment. The metrics developed under this subsection shall include— 
(1) an estimate of the total number of un-
documented migrants who were not inter-dicted by the Department of Homeland Secu-rity’s maritime security components; 
(2) an undocumented migrant interdiction 
rate, which compares the flow of undocu-mented migrants interdicted against the total estimated number of undocumented migrants who were not interdicted by the Department of Homeland Security’s mari-time security components; 
(3) an illicit drugs removal rate, which 
compares the amount and type of illicit drugs removed by the Department of Home-land Security’s maritime security compo-nents inside a transit zone in any fiscal year to an average of the amount and type of il-licit drugs removed by the Department of Homeland Security’s maritime security com-ponents inside a transit zone for the imme-diately preceding 5 fiscal years; 
(4) an illicit drugs removal rate, which 
compares the amount and type of illicit drugs removed by the Department of Home-land Security’s maritime security compo-nents outside a transit zone in any fiscal year to an average of the amount and type of illicit drugs removed by the Department of Homeland Security’s maritime security com-ponents outside a transit zone for the imme-diately preceding 5 fiscal years; 
(5) a cocaine removal effectiveness rate in-
side a transit zone and outside a transit zone; and 
(6) a response rate, which compares the 
ability of the maritime security components of the Department of Homeland Security to respond to and resolve known maritime threats, whether inside and outside a transit zone, by placing assets on-scene, to the total number of events with respect to which the 
Department has known threat information. 
(b) M
ETRICS CONSULTATION .—In developing 
the metrics required under subsection (a), the Commandant of the Coast Guard and the Assistant Commissioner for Air and Marine shall consult with staff members of the Of-fice of Policy at the Department of Home-land Security and staff members of the Of-fice of the Chief Financial Officer of the De-partment of Homeland Security. 
SEC. ll5. AIR AND MARINE SECURITY METRICS 
IN THE LAND DOMAIN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter, the Assistant Com-missioner for the Office of Air and Marine for U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall implement metrics, informed by situational awareness, to measure the effectiveness of security in the aviation environment. The metrics developed under this subsection shall include— 
(1) a requirement effectiveness rate, which 
compares U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion’s Office of Air and Marine flight hours requirements to the number of flight hours actually flown by such Office; 
(2) a funded flight hours effectiveness rate, 
which compares the number of funded flight hours appropriated to U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection’s Office of Air and Marine to the number of actual flight hours flown by such Office; 
(3) a readiness rate, which compares the 
number of aviation missions flown by U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s Office of Air and Marine to the number of aviation missions cancelled by such Office due to weather, maintenance, operations, or other causes; 
(4) the number of subjects detected by U.S. 
Customs and Border Protection’s Office of Air and Marine through the use of unmanned aerial systems; 
(5) the number of apprehensions assisted by 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s Office of Air and Marine through the use of un-manned aerial systems; 
(6) the number and quantity of illicit drug 
seizures assisted by U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s Office of Air and Marine through the use of unmanned aerial systems; and 
(7) a detailed description of how, where, 
and for how long data and images collected through the use of unmanned aerial systems by U.S. Customs and Border Protection is collected and stored. 
(b) M
ETRICS CONSULTATION .—In developing 
the metrics required under subsection (a), the Assistant Commissioner for Air and Ma-rine shall consult with staff members of the Office of Policy at the Department of Home-land Security and staff members of the Of-fice of the Chief Financial Officer of the De-partment of Homeland Security. 
SEC. ll6. METRICS FOR SECURING THE BORDER 
ON FEDERAL LANDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter, the Chief of the Border Patrol shall develop metrics, in-formed by situational awareness, to measure the effectiveness of security between ports of entry on Federal lands. The metrics devel-oped under this subsection shall include— 
(1) an unlawful border crossing effective-
ness rate, which is informed by situational awareness; 
(2) a probability of detection, which com-
pares the estimated total unlawful border crossing attempts not detected by the Border Patrol to the unlawful border crossing effec-tiveness rate; 
(3) a weight-to-frequency rate, which com-
pares the average weight of marijuana seized 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.052 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3791 June 4, 2015 
per seizure by the Border Patrol in any fiscal 
year to such weight-to-frequency rate for the immediately preceding 5 fiscal years; 
(4) a situational awareness achievement 
metric, which measures the amount of situa-tional awareness achieved in each Border Pa-trol sector; 
(5) an illicit drugs seizure rate, which com-
pares the amount and type of illicit drugs seized by the Border Patrol in any fiscal year to an average of the amount and type of il-licit drugs seized by the Border Patrol in the immediately preceding 5 fiscal years; 
(6) in consultation with the Office of Na-
tional Drug Control Policy and the United States Southern Command, a cocaine seizure effectiveness rate, which is the percentage resulting from dividing— 
(A) the amount of cocaine seized by the 
Border Patrol; by 
(B) the total documented cocaine flow rate 
between ports of entry on Federal lands along the Southern land border; 
(7) estimates, using alternative methodolo-
gies, including recidivism data, survey data, known-flow data, and technologically meas-ured data, of— 
(A) total attempted unlawful border cross-
ings; 
(B) the rate of apprehension of attempted 
unlawful border crossers; and 
(C) the inflow into the United States of un-
lawful border crossers who evade apprehen-sion. 
(b) M
ETRICS CONSULTATION .—In developing 
the metrics required under subsection (a), the Chief of the Border Patrol shall consult with the Office of Policy of the Department of Homeland Security and the Office of the Chief Financial Officer of the Department of Homeland Security. 
SEC. ll7. EVALUATION BY THE GOVERNMENT 
ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The metrics required 
under sections ll2 through ll6, and the 
data and methodology used to develop such metrics, shall be provided annually to— 
(1) the appropriate congressional commit-
tees; 
(2) the Comptroller General of the United 
States; and 
(3) the head of a national laboratory within 
the Department of Homeland Security lab-oratory network with prior experience in border security, who shall be selected by the Secretary of Homeland Security. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 270 days after 
receiving the data and methodology referred to in subsection (a), and annually thereafter for the following 10 years, the Comptroller General of the United States, in consultation with the individual selected under sub-section (a)(3), shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that— 
(1) analyzes the suitability and statistical 
validity of such data and methodology; and 
(2) includes recommendations to the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security for other suit-able metrics that may be used to measure the effectiveness of border security. 
SA 1633. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: SEC. ll. BORDER SECURITY ON FEDERAL 
LANDS ALONG THE SOUTHERN BOR-DER. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) B ORDER SECURITY .—The term ‘‘border 
security’’ means— 
(A) the functioning and operational capa-
bility to conduct continuous and integrated manned or unmanned, monitoring, sensing, or surveillance of 100 percent of Southern border mileage within the Tucson and Yuma sectors or the immediate vicinity of the Southern border within the Tucson and Yuma Sectors; and 
(B) the apprehension or turn back of illegal 
entries across the Southern border in the Tucson and Yuma sectors. 
(2) F
EDERAL LANDS .—The term ‘‘Federal 
lands’’ includes all land under the control of the Secretary concerned that is located— 
(A) within 100 miles of the international 
border between the United States and Mex-ico; and 
(B) within the Tucson and Yuma sectors of 
United States Border Patrol. 
(3) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED .—The term ‘‘Sec-
retary concerned’’ means— 
(A) with respect to land under the jurisdic-
tion of the Secretary of Agriculture, the Sec-retary of Agriculture; and 
(B) with respect to land under the jurisdic-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, the Sec-retary of the Interior. 
(b) S
UPPORT FOR BORDER SECURITY  
NEEDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—To achieve border secu-
rity on Federal lands— 
(A) notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, the Secretary concerned shall provide U.S. Customs and Border Protection per-sonnel with immediate access to Federal lands for border security activities, includ-ing— 
(i) routine motorized patrols; and (ii) the deployment of communications, 
surveillance, and detection equipment; 
(B) the Secretary concerned may provide 
education and training to U.S. Customs and Border Protection personnel on the natural and cultural resources present on individual Federal land units; and 
(C) the security activities described in sub-
paragraph (A) shall be conducted, to the maximum extent practicable, in a manner that the Secretary of Homeland Security de-termines will best protect the natural and cultural resources on Federal lands. 
(2) I
NTERMINGLED STATE AND PRIVATE  
LAND .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any 
private or State-owned land within the boundaries of Federal lands. 
(3) S
UNSET .—The requirements under this 
subsection shall terminate on the date that is 4 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days before 
the date on which the requirements under subsection (b) are scheduled to terminate, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the appropriate con-gressional committees that includes— 
(1) an analysis of the effectiveness of the 
actions taken pursuant to such subsection, including the impact of such actions on— 
(A) border security activities; and (B) the natural and cultural resources on 
impacted Federal lands; 
(2) an assessment of the 2006 Memos of Un-
derstanding between the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Agri-culture, and the Secretary of the Interior re-garding access to Federal and Indian lands for border security activities, including— 
(A) how such memoranda, as in force on 
the date of the enactment of this Act, im-pacted border security activities; 
(B) the best way to improve such memo-
randa and their application; (C) specific ways in which such memoranda 
could be used to ensure that the Department of Homeland Security receives timely access to Federal lands for critical border security activities; and 
(D) the number of agency personnel re-
quired to effectively and efficiently execute such memoranda; 
(3) a sector-by-sector analysis of the ex-
pected impact of applying the requirements under subsection (b) to the entire land bor-der of the United States, including— 
(A) an assessment of— (i) how border security activities and nat-
ural, cultural, and historic resources on Fed-eral and Indian lands would be impacted, in-cluding the potential impact on wildlife, in-cluding endangered species; 
(ii) any actions the Department of Home-
land Security would need to take to mitigate the impact of border security actions, in-cluding the estimated costs of such actions; and 
(iii) whether lack of access hinders border 
security; and 
(B) an examination of the impact of pro-
viding the Department of Homeland Security with increased access to Federal and Indian lands located within— 
(i) 25 miles of the United States border; (ii) 50 miles of the United States border, or (iii) 100 miles of the United States border; 
and 
(4) a sector-by-sector analysis of— (A) the costs incurred by each Secretary 
concerned relating to managing and miti-gating for illegal border activity on Federal lands, including the cost of restoring natural resources that were damaged by illegal bor-der activity; 
(B) the impact of illegal traffic on wildlife, 
including endangered species and critical habitat; and 
(C) the impact of illegal traffic on natural, 
cultural, and historic resources on Federal lands. 
SA 1634. Mr. BLUNT submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 706. INCLUSION OF MEMBERS OF THE 
ARMED FORCES NOT SUBJECTED OR EXPOSED TO OPERATIONAL RISK FACTORS IN REQUIRED MENTAL HEALTH ASSESSMENT. 
Section 1074m(a)(2) of title 10, United 
States Code is amended by striking ‘‘deter-mines that—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘providing such assessment’’ and inserting ‘‘determines that providing such assess-ment’’. 
SA 1635. Mr. BLUNT submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the 
following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.052 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3792 June 4, 2015 
SEC. 403. LIMITATION ON REDUCTION OF END 
STRENGTH FOR ACTIVE DUTY PER-SONNEL OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, including any authorized strength speci-fied in any annual national defense author-ization Act enacted after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the authorized strength for active duty personnel of the Armed Forces for any fiscal year may not be re-duced below the applicable number for fiscal year 2016 specified in section 401 until the 
date on which the Secretary of Defense sub-mits to Congress the report required by sec-tion 904(d)(1) of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 816; 10 U.S.C. 111 note). 
SA 1636. Mr. BLUNT submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1230. CERTIFICATION ON ACTIONS TO EN-
SURE SAFETY AND SECURITY OF DISSIDENTS HOUSED AT CAMP LIB-ERTY, IRAQ. 
Not later than 30 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall certify, in writing, to the con-gressional defense committees whether the Central Government of Iraq is taking appro-priate and sufficient actions to ensure the safety and security of dissidents housed at Camp Liberty, Iraq. 
SA 1637. Mr. BLUNT submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1230. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS TO 
ARM OR EQUIP THE IRAQ MILITARY PENDING CERTIFICATION ON AC-TIONS TO ENSURE SAFETY AND SE-CURITY OF DISSIDENTS HOUSED AT CAMP LIBERTY, IRAQ. 
No amounts authorized to be appropriated 
by this Act or otherwise available for the De-partment of Defense may be used to arm or equip any personnel or units of the military forces of Iraq until the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional defense com-mittees a certification that appropriate ac-tions have been taken to ensure the safety and security of dissidents housed at Camp Liberty, Iraq. 
SA 1638. Mr. BLUNT submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle A of title VII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 706. ENHANCEMENT OF ANNUAL MENTAL 
HEALTH SCREENINGS FOR MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1074n(b) of title 
10, United States Code is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraphs: 
‘‘(3) include a thorough dialogue between 
the individual conducting the mental health assessment and the member to determine whether the member has had any experiences that could lead to future mental health con-cerns; 
‘‘(4) include a thorough screening of the 
member for key indicators of post-traumatic stress and mild to severe traumatic brain in-jury; and 
‘‘(5) include the creation of a recorded, 
verified history of events, including non- combat related events, for each member to determine the cause and correlation of symp-toms of mild traumatic brain injury and post-traumatic stress that may appear months or years after the causal incident.’’. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Con-gress a plan for the implementation of para-graphs (3) through (5) of section 1074n(b) of such title, as added by subsection (a)(3) of this section. 
(c) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the annual mental health assessment 
for members of the Armed Forces provided under section 1074n of such title can be im-proved by providing members undergoing such an assessment with a record of events, including non-combat related events, to sub-stantiate latent mental health issues that appear months or years after the causal inci-dent; 
(2) some members do not know how to ask 
for help with mental health concerns in con-nection with such assessment as conducted as of the date of the enactment of this Act and not all health care providers adequately discuss mental health during such assess-ment; 
(3) the majority of mild traumatic brain 
injury inducing incidents are not diagnosed during combat deployment, so when symp-toms do appear, there is no mechanism for health care providers to link the injury back to the causal incident; 
(4) the provision of such assessment as con-
ducted as of the date of the enactment of this Act does not recognize incidents de-scribed in paragraph (3) unless the member indicates such incidents on a survey or has a very proactive health care provider; 
(5) when latent mental health symptoms 
appear after a member is discharged, the member is not eligible to receive treatment from the Department without a record of causal justification; and 
(6) the Secretary of Defense has an obliga-
tion to localize as quickly and efficiently as possible without disrupting military readi-ness the mental health concerns that persist among members of the Armed Forces unbe-knownst to those members and the health care providers of those members. 
SA 1639. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself 
and Mr. B ROWN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-
struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle D of title 
V, add the following: 
SEC. 540. AUTHORITY FOR UNITED STATES AIR 
FORCE INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY TO CHARGE AND RETAIN TUITION FOR INSTRUCTION OF PERSONS OTHER THAN AIR FORCE PER-SONNEL DETAILED FOR INSTRUC-TION AT THE INSTITUTE. 
(a) I NSTITUTE INSTRUCTION OF PERSONS  
OTHER THANAIRFORCE PERSONNEL .—Section 
9314a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (a), (c), 
(d), (e), and (f) as subsections (d), (e), (f), (g), and (h), respectively; 
(2) by redesignating subsection (b) as para-
graph (4) of subsection (d), as so redesig-nated; and 
(3) by inserting before subsection (d), as so 
redesignated, the following new subsections: 
‘‘(a) M
EMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES OTHER  
THAN THE AIRFORCE WHOAREDETAILED TO  
THE INSTITUTE .—(1) The Department of the 
Army, the Department of the Navy, and the Department of Homeland Security shall bear the cost of the instruction at the United States Air Force Institute of Technology that is received by members of the armed forces detailed for that instruction by the Secretaries of the Army, Navy, and Home-land Security, respectively. 
‘‘(2) Members of the Army, Navy, Marine 
Corps, and Coast Guard may only be detailed for instruction at the Institute on a space- available basis. The Secretary of the Air Force shall charge the Secretary concerned only for such costs and fees in connection with such instruction as the Secretary of the Air Force considers appropriate. Amounts received by the Institute for such instruction shall be retained by the Institute to defray the cost of instruction. 
‘‘(b) F
EDERAL CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES OTHER  
THAN AIRFORCE EMPLOYEES WHOAREDE-
TAILED TO THE INSTITUTE .—(1) The United 
States Air Force Institute of Technology shall charge tuition for the cost of providing instruction at the Institute for any civilian employee of a military department (other than a civilian employee of the Department of the Air Force), of another component of 
the Department of Defense, or of another Federal agency who is detailed to receive in-struction at the Institute. 
‘‘(2) The cost of any tuition charged an in-
dividual under this subsection shall be borne by the department, agency, or component that details the individual for instruction at the Institute. The Secretary of the Air Force shall charge the Secretary concerned only for such costs and fees in connection with such instruction as the Secretary of the Air Force considers appropriate. Amounts re-ceived by the Institute for such instruction shall be retained by the Institute to defray the cost of instruction. 
‘‘(c) N
ONDETAILED PERSONS .—(1) The Sec-
retary of the Air Force may permit persons described in paragraph (2) to receive instruc-tion at the United States Air Force Institute of Technology on a space-available basis. The Secretary of the Air Force shall charge the individuals concerned only for such costs and fees in connection with such instruction as the Secretary considers appropriate. Amounts received by the Institute for such instruction shall be retained by the Institute to defray the cost of instruction. 
‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) applies to any of the fol-
lowing persons: 
‘‘(A) A member of the armed forces not de-
tailed for that instruction by the Secretary concerned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.054 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3793 June 4, 2015 
‘‘(B) A civilian employee of a military de-
partment, of another component of the De-partment of Defense, of another Federal agency, or of the National Guard of a State not detailed for that instruction by the Sec-retary concerned or head of the other De-partment of Defense component, other Fed-eral agency, or the National Guard. 
‘‘(C) A United States citizen who is the re-
cipient of a competitively selected Federal or Department of Defense sponsored scholar-ship or fellowship with a defense focus in areas of study related to the academic dis-ciplines offered by the Institute and which requires a service commitment to the Fed-eral government in exchange for educational financial assistance. 
‘‘(3) If a scholarship or fellowship described 
in paragraph (2)(C) includes a stipend, the In-stitute may accept the stipend payment from the scholarship or fellowship sponsor and make a direct payment to the indi-
vidual.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATED TO  
REDESIGNATION AND OTHER CONFORMING  
AMENDMENTS .—Such section is further 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (d), as redesignated by 
subsection (a)(1)— 
(A) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘ADMISSION AUTHORIZED ’’ and inserting ‘‘D E-
FENSE INDUSTRY EMPLOYEES ’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (4)’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (4), as redesignated by 
subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘E
LIGIBLE DE -
FENSE INDUSTRY EMPLOYEES .—’’; 
(2) in subsection (f)(1), as redesignated by 
subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)(1)’’; 
(3) in subsection (g)(1), as redesignated by 
subsection (a)(1)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘under this section’’ and 
inserting ‘‘under subsections (c) and (d)’’; and 
(B) by inserting before the period at the 
end the following: ‘‘who are detailed to re-ceive instruction at the Institute under sub-section (b)’’; and 
(4) in subsection (h), as redesignated by 
subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘defense indus-try employees enrolled under this section’’ and inserting ‘‘persons enrolled under this section who are not members of the armed forces or Government civilian employees’’. 
(c) C
ONDITIONS ON ADMISSION OF DEFENSE  
INDUSTRY CIVILIANS .—Subsection (e)(2) of 
such section, as redesignated by subsection (a)(1), is amended by striking ‘‘will be done on a space-available basis and not require an increase in the size of the faculty’’ and in-serting ‘‘will not require an increase in the permanently authorized size of the faculty’’. 
(d) S
TATUTORY REORGANIZATION .—Chapter 
901 of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed— 
(1) by transferring subsections (d) and (f) of 
section 9314 to the end of section 9314b and redesignating such subsections as sub-sections (c) and (d), respectively; and 
(2) in subsection 9314, by striking sub-
section (e). 
(e) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) S ECTION HEADINGS .—(A) The heading of 
section 9314 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 9314. United States Air Force Institute of 
Technology: degree-granting authority’’. 
(B) The heading of section 9314a of such 
title is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 9314a. United States Air Force Institute of 
Technology: reimbursement and tuition; in-struction of persons other than Air Force personnel’’. 
(2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 901 of such title is amended by striking the items relat-
ing to sections 9314 and 9314a and inserting the following new items: 
‘‘9314. United States Air Force Institute of 
Technology: degree-granting authority. 
‘‘9314a. United States Air Force Institute 
of Technology: reimbursement and tui-tion; instruction of persons other than Air Force personnel.’’. 
SA 1640. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XXVIII, 
add the following: 
SEC. 2815. COORDINATION OF HUNTING, FISHING, 
AND OTHER RECREATIONAL ACTIVI-TIES ON MILITARY LAND. 
(a) P OLICY REQUIRED .—The Secretaries of 
the military departments shall establish a joint policy under which military installa-tions that control military lands that are open to public access for hunting, fishing, and other recreational activities coordinate with State fish and wildlife managers, tribes, local governments, and hunting, fishing, and recreational user groups the periods during which such lands shall be open and closed to the public. To the maximum extent prac-ticable such coordination shall be under-taken sufficiently in advance of the com-mencement of traditional hunting, fishing, and recreational use seasons in order for State fish and wildlife managers can plan for the opening and closing dates of seasons and the conditions under which fish and wildlife can be taken during the season. 
(b) I
NSTALLATION LEVEL ADVISORY COMMIT -
TEES.—The policy established under sub-
section (a) may authorize the creation of in-stallation level advisory committees on the use of military lands for hunting, fishing, and recreational uses. Any such advisory committee shall not be subject to the provi-sions of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). 
SA 1641. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title I, add the 
following: 
SEC. 152. FUNDING FOR COAST GUARD ICE-
BREAKER FLEET. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of De-fense such funds as may be necessary to sup-port the maintenance and refurbishment of the Coast Guard icebreaker fleet and the de-sign and construction of new icebreakers. 
(b) T
RANSFER AUTHORITY .—Funds author-
ized under this section may be transferred to the Department of Homeland Security. 
SA 1642. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XXVIII, 
add the following: 
SEC. 2822. LAND ACQUISITION, FORT GREELY 
SCHOOL, DELTA JUNCTION, ALASKA. 
(a) L AND ACQUISITION AUTHORIZED .—The 
Secretary of the Army may acquire, without consideration, from the Delta/Greely School District (in this section referred to as the ‘‘District’’), all right, title, and interest of the District in and to a parcel of property, including improvements thereon, consisting of the Fort Greely School, Delta Junction, Alaska. 
(b) T
ERMINATION OF GROUND LEASE .—Upon 
the acquisition authorized under subsection (a), the ground lease between Delta/Greely School District and the Army will be termi-nated and the District shall be relieved from all liability for the demolition of the build-ing or remediation of the site except for en-vironmental contamination that was the re-sult of sole willful misconduct of the District during the period that the District owned the Fort Greely School. 
(c) A
DDITIONAL TERMS .—The Secretary of 
the Army may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the acqui-sition under subsection (a) as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the inter-ests of the United States. 
SA 1643. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VI, add the 
following: 
SEC. 622. GUARANTEED TRANSPORTATION FOR 
NEXT OF KIN TO ATTEND TRANSFER CEREMONY OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WHO DIE OVER-SEAS. 
Section 481f(e) of title 37, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (2), (3), and 
(4) as paragraphs (3), (4), and (5), respec-tively; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (2): 
‘‘(2) The discretion to authorize transpor-
tation under paragraph (1) shall not apply, and the Secretary of the military depart-ment concerned is instead required to pro-vide such transportation, whenever the death of the member overseas occurs in the line of duty in a combat or humanitarian re-lief operation or in combat zone designated by the Secretary of Defense.’’. 
SA 1644. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.054 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3794 June 4, 2015 
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1257. APPROVAL OF EXPORT LICENCES AND 
LETTERS OF REQUEST TO ASSIST THE GOVERNMENT OF UKRAINE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) E XPORT LICENSE APPLICATIONS .—The 
Secretary of State shall provide the specified congressional committees a detailed list of all export license applications, including re-quests for marketing licenses, for the sale of defense articles and defense services to Ukraine. The list shall include the date when the application or request was first sub-mitted, the current status of each applica-tion or request, and the estimated timeline for adjudication of such applications or re-quests. The Secretary should give priority to processing these applications and requests. 
(2) L
ETTERS OF REQUEST .—The Secretary of 
State shall also provide the specified con-gressional committees a detailed list of all pending Letters of Request for Foreign Mili-tary Sales to Ukraine, including the date when the letter was first submitted, the cur-rent status, and the estimated timeline for adjudication of such letters. 
(b) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 30 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter, the Secretary of State shall submit to the specified congres-sional committees a report outlining the sta-tus of the applications, requests for mar-keting licenses and Letters of Request de-scribed under subsection (a). The report shall terminate upon certification by the Presi-dent that the sovereignty and territorial in-tegrity of the Government of Ukraine has been restored or 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, whichever occurs first. 
(c) S
PECIFIED CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term 
‘‘specified congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the congressional defense committees; 
and 
(2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of 
the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SA 1645. Mr. MARKEY proposed an 
amendment to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING EX-
PORTS OF CRUDE OIL. 
It is the sense of Congress that exports of 
crude oil to allies and partners of the United States should not be determined to be con-sistent with the national interest and the purposes of the Energy Policy and Conserva-tion Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.) if those ex-ports would increase energy prices in the United States for American consumers or businesses or increase the reliance of the United States on imported oil. 
SA 1646. Mr. LEAHY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-
dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title V, add the 
following: 
SEC. 515. ANNUAL REPORT ON PERSONNEL, 
TRAINING, AND EQUIPMENT RE-QUIREMENTS FOR THE NON-FED-ERALIZED NATIONAL GUARD TO SUPPORT CIVILIAN AUTHORITIES IN PREVENTION AND RESPONSE TO NON-CATASTROPHIC DOMESTIC DIS-ASTERS. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORT REQUIRED .—Section 
10504 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘R
E-
PORT .—’’ and inserting ‘‘R EPORT ON STATE OF  
THENATIONAL GUARD .—(1)’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘(b) S UBMISSION OF REPORT  
TOCONGRESS .—’’ and inserting ‘‘(2)’’; 
(3) by striking ‘‘annual report of the Chief 
of the National Guard Bureau’’ and inserting ‘‘annual report required by paragraph (1)’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection (b): 
‘‘(b) A
NNUAL REPORT ON NON-FEDERALIZED  
SERVICE NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , TRAIN-
ING, ANDEQUIPMENT REQUIREMENTS .—(1) Not 
later than January 31 of each of calendar years 2016 through 2022, the Chief of the Na-tional Guard Bureau shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees and the offi-cials specified in paragraph (5) a report set-ting forth the personnel, training, and equip-ment required by the National Guard during the next fiscal year to carry out its mission, while not Federalized, to provide prevention, protection mitigation, response, and recov-ery activities in support of civilian authori-ties in connection with non-catastrophic natural and man-made disasters. 
‘‘(2) To determine the annual personnel, 
training, and equipment requirements of the National Guard referred to in paragraph (1), the Chief of the National Guard Bureau shall 
take into account, at a minimum, the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) Core civilian capabilities gaps for the 
prevention, protection, mitigation, response, and recovery activities in connection with natural and man-made disasters, as collected by the Department of Homeland Security from the States. 
‘‘(B) Threat and hazard identifications and 
risk assessments of the Department of De-fense, the Department of Homeland Security, and the States. 
‘‘(3) Personnel, training, and equipment re-
quirements shall be collected from the States, validated by the Chief of the Na-tional Guard Bureau, and be categorized in the report required by paragraph (1) by each of the following: 
‘‘(A) Emergency support functions of the 
National Response Framework. 
‘‘(B) Federal Emergency Management 
Agency regions. 
‘‘(4) The annual report required by para-
graph (1) shall be prepared in consultation with the chief executive of each State, other appropriate civilian authorities, and the Council of Governors. 
‘‘(5) In addition to the congressional de-
fense committees, the annual report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted to the following officials: 
‘‘(A) The Secretary of Defense. ‘‘(B) The Secretary of Homeland Security. ‘‘(C) The Council of Governors. ‘‘(D) The Secretary of the Army. ‘‘(E) The Secretary of the Air Force. ‘‘(F) The Commander of the United States 
Northern Command. 
‘‘(G) The Commander of the United States 
Cyber Command.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) S ECTION HEADING .—The heading of such 
section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 10504. Chief of the National Guard Bureau: 
annual reports’’. 
(2) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 1011 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing the item relating to section 10504 and in-serting the following new section: 
‘‘10504. Chief of the National Guard Bureau: 
annual reports.’’. 
SA 1647. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1230. REPEAL OF AUTHORIZATION FOR USE 
OF MILITARY FORCE AGAINST IRAQ RESOLUTION OF 2002. 
The Authorization for Use of Military 
Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002 (Public Law 107–243; 116 Stat. 1498; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note) is hereby repealed. 
SA 1648. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle D of title 
V, add the following: 
SEC. 540. ELIGIBILITY OF MEMBERS OF THE 
ARMY FOR TUITION ASSISTANCE THROUGH THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE EFFECTIVE UPON COMPLE-TION OF INITIAL ENTRY TRAINING IN THE ARMY. 
Notwithstanding Army policy ALARACT 
317/2013 or any similar policy, any individual who is enlisted, inducted, or appointed as a member of the Army, including the Army National Guard of the United States and the Army Reserve, after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, shall be eligible for tuition assistance through the Department of De-fense for members of the Armed Forces upon completion of initial entry training, rather than upon completion of one year of service after completion of initial entry training, to the same extent such members would have been eligible for such tuition assistance be-fore the issuance of ALARACT 317/2013. 
SA 1649. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1264. SENSE OF SENATE ON THE REBAL-
ANCE TO THE ASIA-PACIFIC REGION. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.058 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3795 June 4, 2015 
(1) the rebalance to the Asia-Pacific region 
is right for the United States, and the United States Army is essential to this effort given the importance of land armies in the region; 
(2) the Asia-Pacific region is home to 7 of 
the 10 largest armies in the world, and 21 of the 27 chiefs of defense in the region are army officers; 
(3) the dynamic security environment in 
the Asia-Pacific region demands capabilities the Army has to offer, from supporting hu-manitarian operations to conducting mili-tary exercises with most important regional partners and allies of the United States; 
(4) the spending limits in the Budget Con-
trol Act of 2011 impose hard choices on the Department of Defense that could force the Army to make strategically unwise cuts to its end strength; 
(5) it is the responsibility of Congress to 
remove defense and non-defense spending limits to give Federal agencies the certainty they need to make sound budgetary deci-sions; and 
(6) despite fiscal pressure, the Army should 
strengthen its posture in the Asia-Pacific re-gion and make future force structure deci-sions in line with the commitment of the United States to rebalance to the region. 
SA 1650. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, 
Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. M ERKLEY , and 
Mr. B OOKER ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title V, add the 
following: 
SEC. 524. REVIEW OF DISCHARGE CHARACTER-
IZATION OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES DISCHARGED UNDER THE DON’T ASK, DON’T TELL POLICY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In accordance with this 
section, the appropriate discharge boards— 
(1) shall review the discharge characteriza-
tion of covered members at the request of the covered member; and 
(2) if such characterization is any charac-
terization except honorable, may change such characterization to honorable. 
(b) C
RITERIA .—In changing the discharge 
characterization of a covered member to honorable under subsection (a)(2), the Sec-retary of Defense shall ensure that such changes are carried out consistently and uni-formly across the military departments using the following criteria: 
(1) The original discharge must be based on 
Don’t Ask Don’t Tell (in this section referred to as ‘‘DADT’’) or a similar policy in place prior to the enactment of DADT. 
(2) Such discharge characterization shall 
be so changed if, with respect to the original discharge, there were no aggravating cir-cumstances, such as misconduct, that would have independently led to a discharge char-acterization that was any characterization except honorable. For purposes of this para-graph, such aggravating circumstances may not include— 
(A) an offense under section 925 of title 10, 
United States Code (article 125 of the Uni-form Code of Military Justice), committed by a covered member against a person of the same sex with the consent of such person; or 
(B) statements, consensual sexual conduct, 
or consensual acts relating to sexual orienta-tion or identity, or the disclosure of such statements, conduct, or acts, that were pro-
hibited at the time of discharge but after the date of such discharge became permitted. 
(3) When requesting a review, a covered 
member, or the member’s representative, shall be required to provide either— 
(A) documents consisting of— (i) a copy of the DD–214 form of the mem-
ber; 
(ii) a personal affidavit of the cir-
cumstances surrounding the discharge; and 
(iii) any relevant records pertaining to the 
discharge; or 
(B) an affidavit certifying that the mem-
ber, or the member’s representative, does not have the documents specified in subpara-graph (A). 
(4) If a covered member provides an affi-
davit described in subparagraph (B) of para-graph (3)— 
(A) the appropriate discharge board shall 
make every effort to locate the documents specified in subparagraph (A) of such para-graph within the records of the Department of Defense; and 
(B) the absence of such documents may not 
be considered a reason to deny a change of the discharge characterization under sub-section (a)(2). 
(c) R
EQUEST FOR REVIEW .—The appropriate 
discharge board shall ensure the mechanism by which covered members, or their rep-resentative, may request to have the dis-
charge characterization of the covered mem-ber reviewed under this section is simple and straightforward. 
(d) R
EVIEW .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—After a request has been 
made under subsection (c), the appropriate discharge board shall review all relevant laws, records of oral testimony previously taken, service records, or any other relevant information regarding the discharge charac-terization of the covered member. 
(2) A
DDITIONAL MATERIALS .—If additional 
materials are necessary for the review, the appropriate discharge board— 
(A) may request additional information 
from the covered member or the member’s representative, in writing, and specifically detailing what is being requested; and 
(B) shall be responsible for obtaining a 
copy of the necessary files of the covered member from the member, or when applica-ble, from the Department of Defense. 
(e) C
HANGE OF CHARACTERIZATION .—The ap-
propriate discharge board shall change the discharge characterization of a covered member to honorable if such change is deter-mined to be appropriate after a review is conducted under subsection (d) pursuant to the criteria under subsection (b). A covered member, or the member’s representative, may appeal a decision by the appropriate dis-charge board to not change the discharge characterization by using the regular ap-peals process of the board. 
(f) C
HANGE OF RECORDS .—For each covered 
member whose discharge characterization is changed under subsection (e), or for each covered member who was honorably dis-charged but whose DD–214 form reflects the sexual orientation of the member, the Sec-retary of Defense shall reissue to the mem-ber or the member’s representative a revised DD–214 form that reflects the following: 
(1) For each covered member discharged, 
the Separation Code, Reentry Code, Nar-rative Code, and Separation Authority shall not reflect the sexual orientation of the member and shall be placed under secretarial authority. Any other similar indication of the sexual orientation or reason for dis-charge shall be removed or changed accord-ingly to be consistent with this paragraph. 
(2) For each covered member whose dis-
charge occurred prior to the creation of gen-eral secretarial authority, the sections of the DD–214 form referred to paragraph (1) shall 
be changed to similarly reflect a universal authority with codes, authorities, and lan-guage applicable at the time of discharge. 
(g) S
TATUS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Each covered member 
whose discharge characterization is changed under subsection (e) shall be treated without regard to the original discharge character-ization of the member, including for pur-poses of— 
(A) benefits provided by the Federal Gov-
ernment to an individual by reason of service in the Armed Forces; and 
(B) all recognitions and honors that the 
Secretary of Defense provides to members of the Armed Forces. 
(2) R
EINSTATEMENT .—In carrying out para-
graph (1)(B), the Secretary shall reinstate all recognitions and honors of a covered member whose discharge characterization is changed under subsection (e) that the Secretary with-held because of the original discharge char-acterization of the member. 
(h) R
EPORTS .— 
(1) R EVIEW .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall conduct a review of the consistency and uniformity of the reviews conducted under subsection (a). 
(2) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 270 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and each year thereafter for a four-year period, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a re-port on the reviews under paragraph (1). Such reports shall include any comments or recommendations for continued actions. 
(i) H
ISTORICAL REVIEW .—The Secretary of 
each military department shall ensure that oral historians of the department— 
(1) review the facts and circumstances sur-
rounding the estimated 100,000 members of the Armed Forces discharged from the Armed Forces between World War II and Sep-tember 2011 because of the sexual orientation of the member; and 
(2) receive oral testimony of individuals 
who personally experienced discrimination and discharge because of the actual or per-ceived sexual orientation of the individual so that such testimony may serve as an official record of these discriminatory policies and their impact on American lives. 
(j) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘appropriate discharge board’’ 
means the boards for correction of military records under section 1552 of title 10, United States Code, or the discharge review boards under section 1553 of such title, as the case may be. 
(2) The term ‘‘covered member’’ means any 
former member of the Armed Forces who was discharged from the Armed Forces because of the sexual orientation of the member. 
(3) The term ‘‘discharge characterization’’ 
means the characterization under which a member of the Armed Forces is discharged or released, including ‘‘dishonorable’’, ‘‘gen-eral’’, ‘‘other than honorable’’, and ‘‘honor-able’’. 
(4) The term ‘‘Don’t Ask Don’t Tell’’ means 
section 654 of title 10, United States Code, as in effect before such section was repealed pursuant to the Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell Repeal Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–321). 
(5) The term ‘‘representative’’ means the 
surviving spouse, next of kin, or legal rep-resentative of a covered member. 
SA 1651. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 
for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.049 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3796 June 4, 2015 
and for other purposes; which was or-
dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1283. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON ACCOUNT-
ABILITY MEASURES RELATED TO THE SALE AND TRANSFER OF MINE RESISTANT AMBUSH PROTECTED VEHICLES MRAPS TO STRATEGIC PARTNERS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) it is in the national security interest of 
the United States to build relationships with strategic partners through security assist-ance programs, including the Foreign Mili-tary Sales, Excess Defense Articles, and For-eign Military Financing of Direct Commer-cial Contracts programs; 
(2) these security assistance programs 
incentivize partners to meet the require-ments of United States law in order to pur-chase United States military equipment, se-cure special access privileges for the United States military, and reassure allies of United States security commitments; 
(3) as the United States deepens security 
ties in key regions, it remains vital that it strike a balance between remaining an at-tractive security partner and establishing robust oversight over all security assistance programs; 
(4) absent robust oversight, sales and 
transfers of sensitive weapon systems to for-eign countries and military units with human rights violations carry the risk of harming United States interests; 
(5) Mine Resistant Ambush Protected 
(MRAP) vehicles are a highly sensitive weap-on system that have the potential to be used for repressive purposes, including to suppress legitimate domestic civil unrest and peaceful protests; and 
(6) the Defense Security Cooperation Agen-
cy and the Department of State should sub-mit the sale and transfer of MRAP vehicles to foreign countries to the Enhanced End- Use Monitoring process in order to ensure an added layer of compliance and account-ability with United States assistance and to deter the misuse of this weapon system. 
SA 1652. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title VII, add the following: 
Subtitle D—Improvement of Health Care for 
Women Members of the Armed Forces 
SEC. 741. CONTRACEPTION COVERAGE PARITY 
UNDER THE TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1074d of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘ FOR 
MEMBERS AND FORMER MEMBERS ’’ after 
‘‘SERVICES AVAILABLE ’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-
section (d); and 
(3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing new subsections: 
‘‘(b) C ARE RELATED TO PREVENTION OF  
PREGNANCY .—Female covered beneficiaries 
shall be entitled to care related to the pre-vention of pregnancy described by subsection (d)(3). 
‘‘(c) P
ROHIBITION ON COST-SHARING FOR CER-
TAIN SERVICES .—Notwithstanding section 
1074g(a)(6) of this title or any other provision of law, cost-sharing may not be imposed or collected for care related to the prevention of pregnancy provided pursuant to sub-
section (a) or (b), including for any method of contraception provided, whether provided through a facility of the uniformed services, the TRICARE retail pharmacy program, or the national mail-order pharmacy pro-gram.’’. 
(b) C
ARERELATED TO PREVENTION OF PREG-
NANCY .—Subsection (d)(3) of such section, as 
redesignated by subsection (a)(2) of this sec-tion, is further amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘(includ-ing all methods of contraception approved by the Food and Drug Administration, steriliza-tion procedures, and patient education and counseling in connection therewith)’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
1077(a)(13) of such title is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 1074d(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1074d(d)’’. 
SEC. 742. ACCESS TO BROAD RANGE OF METHODS 
OF CONTRACEPTION APPROVED BY THE FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRA-TION FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND MILITARY DEPEND-ENTS AT MILITARY TREATMENT FA-CILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Commencing not later 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that every military treatment facil-ity has a sufficient stock of a broad range of methods of contraception approved by the Food and Drug Administration, as rec-ommended by the Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention and the Office of Popu-lation Affairs of the Department of Health and Human Services, to be able to dispense at any time any such method of contracep-tion to any women members of the Armed Forces and female covered beneficiaries who receive care through such facility. 
(b) C
OVERED BENEFICIARY DEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘‘covered beneficiary’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1072(5) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 743. PREGNANCY PREVENTION ASSISTANCE 
AT MILITARY TREATMENT FACILI-TIES FOR WOMEN WHO ARE SEXUAL ASSAULT SURVIVORS. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section 
is to provide in statute, and to enhance, ex-isting regulations that require health care providers at military treatment facilities to consult with survivors of sexual assault once clinically stable regarding options for emer-gency contraception and any necessary fol-low-up care, including the provision of the emergency contraception. 
(b) I
NGENERAL .—The assistance specified 
in subsection (c) shall be provided at every military treatment facility to the following: 
(1) Any woman who presents at a military 
treatment facility and states to personnel of the facility that she is a victim of sexual as-sault or is accompanied by another indi-vidual who states that the woman is a victim of sexual assault. 
(2) Any woman who presents at a military 
treatment facility and is reasonably believed by personnel of such facility to be a survivor of sexual assault. 
(c) A
SSISTANCE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The assistance specified 
in this subsection shall include the fol-lowing: 
(A) The prompt provision by appropriate 
staff of the military treatment facility of comprehensive, medically and factually ac-curate, and unbiased written and oral infor-mation about all methods of emergency con-traception approved by the Food and Drug Administration. 
(B) The prompt provision by such staff of 
emergency contraception to a woman upon her request. 
(C) Notification to the woman of her right 
to confidentiality in the receipt of care and services pursuant to this section. (2) N
ATURE OF INFORMATION .—The informa-
tion provided pursuant to paragraph (1)(A) shall be provided in language that is clear and concise, is readily comprehensible, and meets such conditions (including conditions regarding the provision of information in languages other than English) as the Sec-retary may provide in the regulations under this section. 
SA 1653. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . EXPANSION OF DUTIES OF UNDER 
SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR PER-SONNEL AND READINESS. 
Section 136(b) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and health af-fairs’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘health affairs, and the coordination, use, acquisi-tion, or exchange of joint requirements and resources with the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs and implementation of recommenda-tions made under section 320(c)(1) of title 38’’. 
SA 1654. Mr. COONS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title III, add the 
following: 
SEC. 355. BRIEFING ON CHANGING CLIMATE CON-
DITIONS AND MILITARY INSTALLA-TION READINESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 
2016, the Secretary of Defense shall provide a briefing to interested Senators on the De-partment of Defense’s strategy and initia-tives to address the impact of changing cli-mate conditions on military installations, including expected increased water shortages and instances of wildfire due to increased drought and flooding due to sea level rise and coastal erosion from storm surges, and efforts to mitigate the associated national security risk and ensure optimal military readiness. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The briefing required under 
subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: 
(1) An assessment of how changing condi-
tions are affecting operations and military readiness at military installations. 
(2) A description of efforts to disseminate 
and implement best practices across mili-tary installations. 
(3) An assessment whether the Department 
of Defense faces challenges in carrying out preparedness and resilience initiatives, and recommendations for legislation needed to increase security on military installations. 
(4) A description of opportunities for effec-
tive public private partnerships or contracts with industry to address and mitigate the ef-fects of these changing conditions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.049 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3797 June 4, 2015 
SA 1655. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and 
Mr. M ERKLEY ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-
struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title III, add the 
following: 
SEC. 355. UPGRADES TO LONG-RANGE RADAR AD-
VERSELY IMPACTED IN A SIGNIFI-CANT MANNER BY THE DEVELOP-MENT OR CONSTRUCTION OF WIND ENERGY INFRASTRUCTURE. 
The Secretary of Defense shall upgrade any 
Long Range Air Route Surveillance Radar that is, or risks being, adversely impacted in a significant manner by the development or construction of wind energy infrastructure. 
SA 1656. Mr. WHITEHOUSE sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 1227, before the end 
quote and final period, insert the following: 
‘‘(17) R EPORT INFORMING THE PROCESSING  
TIME FOR APPLICANTS .—Not later than 90 
days after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2016, the Secretary of State, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, to shall submit a report to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives, and the Committee on the Ju-diciary of the House of Representatives that includes— 
‘‘(A) the number of applicants in the ‘ad-
ministrative processing’ phase of the Afghan Special Immigrant Visa application process, broken down by month, during the most re-cent 12-month period; 
‘‘(B) the shortest and longest period that 
an application described in subparagraph (A) has been in such phase; and 
‘‘(C) a description of the steps that the De-
partment of State and the Department of Homeland Security have taken to reduce the length of the administrative processing phase, while maintaining adequate security review and screening of such applications. 
SA 1657. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1251 and insert the fol-
lowing: SEC. 1251. UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE INI-
TIATIVE. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOPROVIDE ASSISTANCE .—Of 
the amounts authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by title XV and available for overseas contingency operations as speci-fied in the funding tables in division D, $300,000,000 may be available to the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Sec-retary of State, to provide appropriate secu-rity assistance and intelligence support, in-cluding training, equipment, and logistics 
support, supplies and services, to military and other security forces of the Government of Ukraine for the purposes as follows: 
(1) To enhance the capabilities of the mili-
tary and other security forces of the Govern-ment of Ukraine to defend against further aggression. 
(2) To assist Ukraine in developing the 
combat capability to defend its sovereignty and territorial integrity. 
(3) To support the Government of Ukraine 
in defending itself against actions by Russia and Russian-backed separatists that violate the ceasefire agreements of September 4, 2014, and February 11, 2015. 
(b) A
PPROPRIATE SECURITY ASSISTANCE AND  
INTELLIGENCE SUPPORT .—For purposes of sub-
section (a), appropriate security assistance and intelligence support includes the fol-lowing: 
(1) Real time or near real time actionable 
intelligence, including by lease of such capa-bilities from United States commercial com-panies. 
(2) Lethal assistance such as anti-armor 
weapon systems, mortars, crew-served weap-ons and ammunition, grenade launchers and ammunition, and small arms and ammuni-tion. 
(3) Counter-artillery radars, including me-
dium-range and long-range counter-artillery radars that can detect and locate long-range Russian artillery. 
(4) Unmanned aerial tactical surveillance 
systems. 
(5) Cyber capabilities. (6) Counter-electronic warfare capabilities 
such as secure communications equipment and other electronic protection systems. 
(7) Other electronic warfare capabilities. (8) Training required to maintain and em-
ploy systems and capabilities described in paragraphs (1) through (7). 
(9) Training for critical combat operations 
such as planning, command and control, small unit tactics, anti-armor tactics, counter-artillery tactics, logistics, coun-tering improvised explosive devices, battle- field first aid, and medical evacuation. 
(10) Training for strategic and operational 
planning at and above the brigade level. 
(c) F
UNDING AVAILABILITY AND LIMITA -
TION.— 
(1) T RAINING .—Up to 20 percent of the 
amount described in subsection (a) may be used to support training pursuant to section 1207 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (22 U.S.C. 2151 note), relating to the Global Security Contingency Fund. 
(2) L
IMITATION .—Not more than 50 percent 
of the amount described in subsection (a) may be obligated or expended until an amount equal to 20 percent of such amount has been obligated or expended for appro-priate security assistance described in para-graphs (1), (2), and (3) of subsection (b) for the Government of Ukraine. 
(3) A
LTERNATIVE USE OF FUNDS .—In the 
event funds otherwise available pursuant to subsection (a) are not used by reason of the limitation in paragraph (2), such funds may be used at the discretion of the Secretary of Defense, with concurrence of the Secretary of State, to provide security assistance and intelligence support, including training, equipment, logistics support, supplies and 
services to military and other national-level security forces of Partnership for Peace na-tions other than Ukraine that the Secretary of Defense determines face an elevated risk of Russian military aggression and that the Secretary determines is appropriate to de-fending their sovereignty and territorial in-tegrity. 
(d) U
NITED STATES INVENTORY AND OTHER  
SOURCES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In addition to any assist-
ance provided pursuant to subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense is authorized, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, to make available to the Government of Ukraine weapons and other defense articles, from the United States inventory and other sources, and defense services, in such quan-tity as the Secretary of Defense determines to be appropriate to achieve the purposes specified in subsection (a). 
(2) R
EPLACEMENT .—Amounts for the re-
placement of any items provided to the Gov-ernment of Ukraine pursuant to paragraph (1) may be derived from funds available for this section or from amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Department of De-fense for overseas contingency operations for weapons procurement. 
(e) C
ONSTRUCTION OF AUTHORIZATION .— 
Nothing in this section shall be construed to constitute a specific statutory authorization for the introduction of United States Armed Forces into hostilities or into situations wherein hostilities are clearly indicated by the circumstances. 
(f) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in coordination with the Secretary of State and other appro-priate agencies, submit to Congress a report setting forth in detail the following: 
(1) The current criteria governing the pro-
vision of security assistance and intelligence support to the Government of Ukraine. 
(2) The plan, including timelines for deliv-
ery, types and quantities of security assist-ance, and costs, to ensure that such assist-ance and support are being provided in com-pliance with the authorized purposes speci-fied in subsection (a). 
(g) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—Assist-
ance may not be provided under the author-ity in this section after December 31, 2017. 
SA 1658. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 721. ESTABLISHMENT OF STRATEGIC UNI-
FORM DRUG FORMULARY FOR THE PROVISION OF HEALTH CARE SERV-ICES TO MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES UNDERGOING SEPARATION FROM THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly establish a process to make available to individuals undergoing the transition from the receipt of health care services through the Department of Defense to the receipt of such services through the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs systemic pain and psychotropic drugs that are critical to the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs for the appropriate and effective provision of health care services to such individuals. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.061 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3798 June 4, 2015 
(b) S TRATEGIC UNIFORM FORMULARY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out subsection 
(a), the Secretary of Defense and the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly es-tablish, and from time to time update, a strategic, evidence-based, uniform formulary for the Department of Defense and the De-partment of Veterans Affairs that includes all appropriate systemic pain and psycho-tropic drugs that the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs jointly determine are critical to the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Af-fairs for the appropriate and effective provi-sion of health care services to individuals de-scribed in such subsection. 
(2) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS  
OF LAW .—Section 1074g of title 10, United 
States Code, shall not apply to the estab-lishing and updating of the formulary re-quired by paragraph (1). 
(c) P
RESERVATION OF AUTHORITY .—Nothing 
in this section shall be construed to prohibit the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs from each maintaining their own formularies. 
(d) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a re-port on the establishment of the formulary under subsection (b). 
(2) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘ap-
propriate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SA 1659. Ms. COLLINS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 604. 
SA 1660. Ms. COLLINS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1209. SUPPORT OF FOREIGN FORCES PAR-
TICIPATING IN OPERATIONS TO DIS-ARM AND END ATROCITIES COM-MITTED BY BOKO HARAM. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It shall be the 
policy of the United States Government to— 
(1) provide timely civilian and military as-
sistance to the Government of Nigeria and regional partners for efforts to assist civil-ians harmed by Boko Haram; 
(2) permit appropriate members and units 
of the Armed Forces to train, advise, and as-sist the security forces of regional partners, including Nigeria, as they conduct oper-ations against Boko Haram and operations to reduce and eliminate the safe havens from 
which terrorist activity can be perpetrated; 
(3) support the long-term capacity of the 
Government of Nigeria to provide security for schools to protect girls seeking an edu-cation, and to combat gender-based violence and gender inequality; 
(4) coordinate United States Government 
efforts with those of other nations and inter-governmental organizations to increase con-tributions for rescue and recovery efforts and better leverage those contributions to enhance the capacity of the law enforcement and military services of the Government of Nigeria; and 
(5) strengthen the operational capacity of 
the civilian police and judicial system in Ni-geria to enhance public safety and prevent crime and gender-based violence, while strengthening accountability measures to prevent corruption and abuses. 
(b) A
UTHORITY .—The Secretary of Defense, 
the Secretary of State, and the Attorney General may provide logistic support, sup-plies, and services, communications, and in-telligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance 
assets to foreign countries participating in operations to mitigate and eliminate the threat posed by Boko Haram. 
(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to be a dec-laration of war, an authorization for the use of military force, or any similar authority, nor shall it be construed to limit the author-ity of the President under the Constitution as Commander in Chief of the Armed Forces. 
(d) F
UNDING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Of the amount authorized 
to be appropriated for the Department of De-fense for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017 for operation and maintenance, not more than $35,000,000 may be utilized in each such fiscal year to provide support under subsection (b). 
(2) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS ACROSS FISCAL  
YEARS .—Amounts available under this sub-
section for a fiscal year for support under the authority in subsection (b) may be used for support under that authority that begins in such fiscal year but ends in the next fiscal year. 
(e) L
IMITATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, 
the Secretary of State, or the Attorney Gen-eral may not use the authority in subsection (b) to provide any type of support that is otherwise prohibited by any provision of law. 
(2) M
ILITARY SUPPORT .—Military support 
may be provided under the authority in sub-section (b) only by the Secretary of Defense. 
(3) E
LIGIBLE COUNTRIES .—The Secretary of 
Defense, the Secretary of State, or the At-torney General may not use the authority in subsection (b) to provide support to any for-eign country that is otherwise prohibited from receiving such type of support under any other provision of law. 
(4) D
ETERMINATION .—The Secretary of De-
fense, the Secretary of State, or the Attor-ney General may not use the authority in subsection (b) to provide any type of support to Nigerian forces unless the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Sec-retary of State, determines that the Govern-ment of Nigeria is— 
(A) undertaking significant efforts to pro-
mote the rule of law and hold its security forces accountable for any abuses or crimi-nal activity; 
(B) coordinating efforts to combat Boko 
Haram with neighboring countries; 
(C) taking steps to counter extremist 
ideologies; and 
(D) prioritizing the protection of women 
and girls from gender-based violence. 
(f) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS ON ELIGIBLE COUN-
TRIES FOR MILITARY SUPPORT .—The Sec-
retary of Defense may not provide support under subsection (b) for the national mili-tary forces of a country determined to be eli-
gible for such support under that subsection until the Secretary notifies the appropriate committees of Congress of the eligibility of the country for such support. 
(g) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS ON SUPPORT TO BE 
PROVIDED .—Not less than 15 days before the 
date on which funds are obligated to provide support under subsection (b), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a notice setting forth the following: 
(1) The type of support to be provided. (2) The national government to be sup-
ported. 
(3) The objectives of such support. (4) The estimated cost of such support. (5) The intended duration of such support. 
(h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘appropriate committees of 
Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
(2) The term ‘‘logistic support, supplies, 
and services’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2350(1) of title 10, United States Code. 
(i) E
XPIRATION .—The authority provided 
under this section may not be exercised after September 30, 2017. 
SA 1661. Mr. WARNER (for himself 
and Mr. K AINE) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title II, add the 
following: 
SEC. 236. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON DEVELOPING 
WEAPONS TECHNOLOGIES. 
It is the sense of Congress that railgun and 
other developing weapons technologies are vital to the future of national security and should be provided the necessary infrastruc-ture to support the continued development of such weapons systems, including all se-cure space (SCIFs) necessary to incorporate cyber security into weapons systems during development. 
SA 1662. Mr. WARNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XVI, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1614. COMPREHENSIVE APPROACH TO THE 
UNITED STATES OVERHEAD SAT-ELLITE ARCHITECTURE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) The current approach to the overhead 
satellite architecture of the United States is increasingly unsustainable in the long run 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.061 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3799 June 4, 2015 
due to high and growing costs, long design 
time, over reliance on large, expensive vehi-cles that need heavy launch and represent potential single points of failure, an inabil-ity to take full advantage of rapid techno-logical innovation in the commercial sector, a lack of commercial-like acquisition prac-tices, a lack of competition, inadequate com-munications paths and ground processing systems, and the vulnerability to anti-sat-ellite attack without an adequate capability to replace and replenish lost or damaged space vehicles. 
(2) The overhead satellite capabilities of 
the United States are in grave peril due to an over reliance on a big government, cen-tralized planning, and an acquisition model based on a series of 10-year plans. 
(3) In past years, the National Reconnais-
sance Office was the United States model for excellence in acquisition and program man-agement. This was in no small part due to competition within the National Reconnais-sance Office between Program A (the Air Force satellite reconnaissance element), Program B (the Central Intelligence Agency satellite reconnaissance element), and Pro-gram C (the Navy reconnaissance element), for the best, most innovative, and most cost- effective satellite and aircraft reconnais-sance systems, which were delivered on time and under budget. Programs A, B, and C ex-isted from 1962 to 1992. 
(4) On September 23, 1971, National Secu-
rity Adviser Henry Kissinger issued a short memo regarding the President’s decision to pursue the first electro-optical imaging (EOI) satellite, to be undertaken ‘‘under a re-alistic funding program, with a view toward achieving an operational capability in 1976.’’ It took almost exactly 5 years to design and launch the first KH–11 satellite into orbit on December 19, 1976. The United States needs to get back to this kind of timeline in de-signing and launching United States over-head reconnaissance satellites. 
(5) The United States cannot afford to wait 
a decade or more from design to launch of a satellite if the United States is to maintain its technological edge. 
(6) The culture of innovation and competi-
tion must be fostered and reinforced in the requirements, planning, design, and research and development processes for the United States entire overhead satellite architec-ture, to take into account and prioritize— 
(A) the intelligence requirements of United 
States warfighters and national policy-makers; 
(B) the need for resiliency and rapid recon-
stitution of the architecture in an increas-
ingly contested space environment; and 
(C) the ability to leverage rapid develop-
ments and innovation in commercial sector satellite, processing and sensor technology. 
(7) Space is no longer an uncontested envi-
ronment, as it had been in the past. The United States must be open to innovative so-lutions such as distributed, disaggregated ar-chitectures that could allow for better resil-iency against the space threat, and also allow for ready reconstitution, constant re-plenishment, and frequent technological re-fresh. 
(8) The current cost-constrained budget en-
vironment dictates that the United States can no longer ignore the costs of systems and potentially less expensive alternatives. 
(9) In April 2009, Secretary of Defense Rob-
ert Gates said that the United States needed to reform acquisition across the Department of Defense, that the costs of the ‘‘exquisite solution’’ were making defense unaffordable, and that ‘‘we needed to shift away from the 99-percent exquisite service-centric plat-forms that are so costly and so complex that they take forever to build and only then in very limited quantities. With the pace of technological and geopolitical change and 
the range of possible contingencies, we must look more to the 80 percent multi-service so-lution that can be produced on time, on budget and in significant numbers.’’. 
(10) The National Space Policy of the 
United States of America issued on June 28, 2010, states ‘‘To promote a robust domestic commercial space industry, departments and agencies shall: 
‘‘Purchase and use commercial space capa-
bilities and services to the maximum prac-tical extent when such capabilities and serv-ices are available in the marketplace and meet United States Government require-ments; 
‘‘Modify commercial space capabilities and 
services to meet government requirements when existing commercial capabilities and services do not fully meet these require-ments and the potential modification rep-resents a more cost-effective and timely ac-quisition approach for the government; 
‘‘Develop governmental space systems only 
when it is in the national interest and there is no suitable, cost-effective United States commercial or, as appropriate, foreign com-mercial service or system that is or will be available;’’. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
the Congress that— 
(1) overhead satellite collection and proc-
essing known as commodity overhead sat-ellite collection and processing should be un-dertaken as much as possible by the com-mercial sector in order to offload cost and risk from the taxpayer, while national pro-grams should continue their tradition of ex-cellence in innovation to address the truly complex exquisite problem sets and require-ments that cannot be addressed by the com-mercial sector; 
(2) overhead satellite architecture should 
be designed in such a way that a number of elements common to nearly all spacecraft should be standardized, which would bring costs down, simplify execution and preserve the industrial base; and 
(3) the entire overhead satellite architec-
ture of the United States, including pro-grams funded by the Department of Defense or by an element of the intelligence commu-nity, commercial imagery providers, and for-eign partner capabilities, should be viewed and treated as an integrated whole, not sim-ply as a series of satellite systems of the De-partment of Defense, the intelligence com-munity, or private entities; 
(4) the state of the current overhead archi-
tecture and planning for the future architec-ture should receive priority personal atten-tion from the President, the senior national security and scientific advisors to the Presi-dent, the Director of National Intelligence, the Secretary of Defense, and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to ensure that the architecture— 
(A) meets the needs of the United States in 
peacetime and in wartime; responsibly stew-ards the taxpayers’ dollars; 
(B) accurately takes into account cost and 
performance tradeoffs of the architecture; 
(C) meets realistic requirements; (D) produces and fosters excellence, inno-
vation, and competition; 
(E) produces innovative satellite systems 
in under 5 years that are able to leverage common, standardized design elements and commercially available technologies; 
(F) takes advantage of rapid advances in 
commercial technology, innovation, and commercial-like acquisition practices; and 
(G) fosters competition and a robust indus-
trial base. 
(c) S
TRATEGY ON THE UNITED STATES OVER-
HEAD SATELLITE ARCHITECTURE .— 
(1) R EQUIREMENT FOR STRATEGY .—The Di-
rector of National Intelligence, the Sec-retary of Defense, and the Chairman of the 
Joint Chiefs of Staff shall develop a strategy, with milestones and benchmarks, to ensure that there is a wholesale review of the entire approach of the United States to overhead satellite architecture, including programs of the Department of Defense that are funded under the Military Intelligence Program, programs of elements of the intelligence community that are funded under the Na-tional Intelligence Program, programs car-ried out by the commercial satellite and im-agery sectors, and foreign partner capabili-ties, to ensure that such architecture com-ports with the principles of the Sense of Con-gress in subsection (b). 
(2) R
EPORT ON STRATEGY .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intel-ligence, the Secretary of Defense, and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall report to the Committee on Armed Services and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the House of Rep-resentatives on the strategy required by paragraph (1). 
SA 1663. Mr. WARNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. MODIFICATION OF FEDERAL ACQUISI-
TION REGULATION TO ENCOURAGE GOVERNMENT CONTRACTORS TO HIRE VETERANS WITH MILITARY TRAINING IN CYBER AND CYBER-RE-LATED FIELDS. 
The Director of the Office of Management 
and Budget shall direct the Federal Acquisi-tion Regulatory Council to issue proposed rules by not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and, final rules by not later than 270 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act that amend the Federal Acquisition Regulation— 
(1) to require contractors who are subject 
to the cost accounting standards under the Federal Acquisition Regulation and who re-ceived at least $25,000,000 in aggregated con-tracts in each of the prior two fiscal years to develop and maintain a single company-wide veterans employment plan that, at a min-imum, includes— 
(A) performance metrics for the hiring and 
training of veterans; 
(B) a plan to hire veterans, with a par-
ticular focus on veterans who served on ac-tive duty in the Armed Forces after Sep-tember 11, 2001; and 
(C) actions that can be used for training 
veterans for civilian certifications not later than one year after hiring them in skills ap-plicable to Government contracts relating to cyber and cyber related work; 
(2) to encourage Federal agencies to mod-
ify or waive a skill required for the perform-ance of an awarded contract when the con-tract supports cyber or cyber-related work and is to be performed by a veteran assigned to work on such contract and the contractor provides training to the veteran in order to meet the modified or waived requirement by not later than one year after the date of such assignment; 
(3) to require contractors to validate 
that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.048 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3800 June 4, 2015 
(A) the veterans hired by the contractors 
after the date of the enactment of this Act meet the minimum skill qualification re-quirements under the contract based on mili-tary training; and 
(B) the contractors provide training to 
such veterans in order to meet the original qualification requirement of such contract within one year of such assignment; and 
(4) to modify such audit, oversight, and al-
lowable cost requirements as may be appli-cable to Federal contracts to recognize and take into account the actions taken by a contractor under paragraph (3) as being in compliance with the terms and conditions of a contract. 
SA 1664. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VIII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 811. IMPLEMENTATION OF VALUE-BASED 
ACQUISITIONS. 
(a) V ALUE -BASED ACQUISITION PROCESS RE-
QUIRED .— 
(1) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretaries of each of the military departments shall independently submit to the congressional defense committees a study that proposes methodologies for measuring and optimizing 
the targeted and returned value of each de-partment’s acquisition portfolio, as quantifi-able and verifiable as a function of utility, monetary cost, and time-to-capability and for purposes of comprising the disparate ca-pability options that might populate an opti-mal portfolio. 
(2) S
COPE OF METHODOLOGY .—The value 
based acquisition portfolio management methodology proposed under this subsection shall— 
(A) consider demonstrated commercial and 
government best practice for value-centric management, engineering, and procurement; 
(B) consider watchdog report recommenda-
tions regarding Department of Defense aquisition shortcomings; 
(C) be consistent with the intent of exist-
ing and emerging acquisition and related policies; 
(D) address linkages and collaboration 
across Defense [PPBS, JCIDS, A&A], Engi-neering, Procurement, and Sustainment processes; and 
(E) provide mathematically robust, 
tailorable, optimization algorithms suitable for supporting value-based acquisition port-folio investment decisions, and management across the spectrum of Department of De-fense programs. 
SA 1665. Mr. KIRK submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle E of title VIII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 884. USE OF ORGANIC INDUSTRIAL BASE 
FOR PROCUREMENT OF CERTAIN ITEMS. 
(a) G UIDANCE .—The Secretary of Defense, 
in consultation with the Director of the De-fense Logistics Agency, shall issue feasible policy recommendations that could increase the efficiency and effectiveness within the existing capabilities of the organic indus-trial base. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Director of the Defense Logistics Agen-cy, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report describing implementa-tion of the guidance issued under subsection (a) and including recommendations to in-crease efficiency and effectiveness within the existing capabilities of the organic base. 
SA 1666. Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mr. 
DURBIN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. 
MANCHIN , and Ms. W ARREN ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. OBSERVANCE OF VETERANS DAY. 
(a) T WOMINUTES OF SILENCE .—Chapter 1 of 
title 36, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 145. Veterans Day 
‘‘The President shall issue each year a 
proclamation calling on the people of the United States to observe two minutes of si-lence on Veterans Day in honor of the serv-ice and sacrifice of veterans throughout the history of the Nation, beginning at— 
‘‘(1) 3:11 p.m. Atlantic standard time; ‘‘(2) 2:11 p.m. eastern standard time; ‘‘(3) 1:11 p.m. central standard time; ‘‘(4) 12:11 p.m. mountain standard time; ‘‘(5) 11:11 a.m. Pacific standard time; ‘‘(6) 10:11 a.m. Alaska standard time; and ‘‘(7) 9:11 a.m. Hawaii-Aleutian standard 
time.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for chapter 1 of title 36, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘145. Veterans Day.’’. 
SA 1667. Mr. M CCAIN (for himself and 
Mr. B LUNT ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XII, add 
the following: SEC. 1230. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE SECU-
RITY AND PROTECTION OF IRANIAN DISSIDENTS LIVING IN CAMP LIB-ERTY, IRAQ. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) The residents of Camp Liberty, Iraq, re-
nounced violence and unilaterally disarmed more than a decade ago. 
(2) The United States recognized the resi-
dents of the former Camp Ashraf who now re-side in Camp Liberty as ‘‘protected persons’’ under the Fourth Geneva Convention and committed itself to protect the residents. 
(3) The deterioration in the overall secu-
rity situation in Iraq has increased the vul-nerability of Camp Liberty residents to at-tacks from proxies of the Iranian Revolu-tionary Guards Corps and Sunni extremists associated with the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). 
(4) The increased vulnerability underscores 
the need for an expedited relocation process and that these Iranian dissidents will neither be safe nor secure in Camp Liberty. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the United States should— 
(1) take prompt and appropriate steps in 
accordance with international agreements to promote the physical security and protection of Camp Liberty residents; 
(2) urge the Government of Iraq to uphold 
its commitments to the United States to en-sure the safety and well-being of those living in Camp Liberty; 
(3) urge the Government of Iraq to ensure 
continued and reliable access to food, clean water, electricity and other energy needs, and any other equipment and supplies nec-essary to sustain the residents during peri-ods of attack or siege by external forces; 
(4) oppose the extradition of Camp Liberty 
residents to Iran; 
(5) implement a strategy to provide for the 
safe, secure, and permanent relocation of Camp Liberty residents that includes the steps that would need to be taken by the United States, the United Nations High Com-missioner for Refugees (UNHCR), and the Camp Liberty residents to potentially relo-cate some residents to the United States; 
(6) encourage the residents of Camp Lib-
erty to fully cooperate with United States, Iraq, and international authorities in the re-location process; and 
(7) assist the United Nations High Commis-
sioner for Refugees in expediting the ongoing resettlement of all residents of Camp Lib-erty to safe locations outside Iraq. 
SA 1668. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. 
M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title III, add the 
following: 
SEC. 332. REPORT ON AIR NATIONAL GUARD MIS-
SION CHANGES AND IMPACTS TO PUBLIC AIRPORTS. 
(a) R EPORT .— 
(1) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report detailing the number of Air Na-tional Guard units that have undergone a mission change in the previous 5 years and who are tenants at a public airport. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.048 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3801 June 4, 2015 
(2) E LEMENTS .—The report required under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: 
(A) A comprehensive list of Air National 
Guard units, by State, that have undergone a mission change from a flying mission to a re-motely piloted aircraft mission, an intel-ligence mission, or any other type of mission that does not involve operating and main-taining manned aircraft at a public airport in the previous 5 years. 
(B) An assessment of which units listed in 
subparagraph (A), prior to undergoing a mis-sion change, had an Airport Joint Use Agree-ment in place with the public airport where the unit is a tenant in order to financially compensate that airport for the use of run-ways, taxiways, air traffic control towers, crash, rescue and firefighting services, or any other relevant services. 
(C) The annual amount for the previous 5 
years that each Air National Guard unit list-ed under subparagraph (B) paid to the public airport at which they are a tenant under that unit’s Airport Joint Use Agreement. 
(D) An assessment of which units listed 
under subparagraph (B) have subsequently canceled their Airport Joint Use Agreement since undergoing a mission change. 
(E) A cost assessment, by unit listed in 
subparagraph (D), of what the rental value is for the property that the unit occupies at the public airport where the unit is a tenant. 
(F) An evaluation from the Office of Eco-
nomic Adjustment on whether and under what circumstances the Office can offer fi-nancial assistance to public airports that have an Air National Guard unit as a tenant that has undergone a mission change that re-sulted in the termination of an Airport Joint Use Agreement. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .— 
(1) In this section, the term ‘‘public air-
port,’’ means an airport that is open to civil-ian air traffic, both private and commercial. 
(2) In this section, the term ‘‘rental value,’’ 
means the amount which, in a competitive market, a well-informed and willing lessee would pay and which a well-informed and willing lessor would accept for the tem-porary use and enjoyment of the property. 
SA 1669. Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself, 
Mr. D ONNELLY , and Mr. T OOMEY ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be 
proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. PROVISION OF STATUS UNDER LAW BY 
HONORING CERTAIN MEMBERS OF THE RESERVE COMPONENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES AS VETERANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1 of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 107 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 107A. Honoring as veterans certain persons 
who performed service in the reserve com-ponents 
‘‘Any person who is entitled under chapter 
1223 of title 10 to retired pay for nonregular service or, but for age, would be entitled under such chapter to retired pay for nonreg-ular service shall be honored as a veteran but shall not be entitled to any benefit by reason of this section.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating 
to section 107 the following new item: 
‘‘107A. Honoring as veterans certain persons 
who performed service in the reserve components.’’. 
SA 1670. Ms. HIRONO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 653, between lines 17 and 18, insert 
the following: 
(D) Australia. (E) Japan. 
SA 1671. Ms. HIRONO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1264. SPECIAL FOREIGN MILITARY SALES 
STATUS FOR THE PHILIPPINES. 
The Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 
2751 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in sections 3(d)(2)(B), 3(d)(3)(A)(i), 
3(d)(5), 21(e)(2)(A), 36(b), 36(c), 36(d)(2)(A), 62(c)(1), and 63(a)(2), by inserting ‘‘the Phil-ippines,’’ before ‘‘or New Zealand’’ each place it appears; 
(2) in section 3(b)(2), by inserting ‘‘the Gov-
ernment of the Philippines,’’ before ‘‘or the Government of New Zealand’’; and 
(3) in section 21(h), by inserting ‘‘the Phil-
ippines,’’ before ‘‘or Israel’’ each place it ap-pears. 
SA 1672. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title VIII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 884. ASSESSMENT OF THE INDUSTRIAL BASE 
TO MANUFACTURE CERTAIN AUXIL-IARY SHIP COMPONENTS. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .—The Secretary of the 
Navy shall conduct an assessment of the ability of the industrial base to manufacture and support the following components for auxiliary ships: 
(1) Auxiliary equipment, including pumps, 
for all shipboard services. 
(2) Propulsion system components, includ-
ing engines, reduction gears, and propellers. 
(3) Shipboard cranes and spreaders for ship-
board cranes. 
(b) S
COPE.—In conducting the assessment 
required under subsection (a), the Secretary shall examine the potential cost, schedule, and performance impacts by ship class if pro-curement of the components described in such subsection were limited to manufactur-
ers in the National Technology and Indus-trial Base. 
(c) D
ETERMINATION REQUIRED .—Upon com-
pletion of the assessment required under sub-section (a), the Secretary shall make a de-termination whether manufacturers of the components described in such subsection should be included in the National Tech-nology and Industrial Base. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than February 15, 
2016, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit a report to the congressional defense com-mittees based on the results of the assess-ment required under subsection (a) and the determination required under subsection (c). 
SA 1673. Mr. WARNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 738. STUDY ON PROVIDING CONCURRENT 
CERTIFICATION BY DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO PHYSICIANS SERVING ON ACTIVE DUTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly conduct a study on the feasibility and advisability of providing any member of the Armed Forces on active duty serving as a physician with certification to practice as a physician for the Department of Veterans Affairs in order to facilitate the transition of such member to employment in the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs upon the retire-ment, separation, or release of such member from the Armed Forces. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly submit to Con-gress a report on the feasibility and advis-ability of providing members of the Armed Forces on active duty serving as physicians with the certification described in sub-section (a). 
SA 1674. Mr. WARNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 721. PILOT PROGRAM ON SHARING OF PHY-
SICIAN WORKFORCE AMONG DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly conduct a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of allowing med-ical facilities of the Department of Defense and medical facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs that are located within 40 miles of each other to share primary care physicians for the purpose of performing rou-tine medical care. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.062 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3802 June 4, 2015 
(b) A DMINISTRATIVE ACTIONS NECESSARY .— 
In carrying out the pilot program, the Sec-retary of Defense and the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall jointly determine the ad-ministrative action required to be taken by each Secretary— 
(1) to ensure the sharing of scheduling 
records and medical records between the De-partment of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs; 
(2) to minimize the impact of the pilot pro-
gram on wait times and patient load at each medical facility participating in the pilot program; and 
(3) to maintain a high quality of care at 
each such medical facility. 
(c) L
OCATION OF CARE.—To the maximum 
extent possible, health care provided to a pa-tient under the pilot program shall be pro-vided at the location in which the patient would have been provided health care if the pilot program was not being carried out. 
SA 1675. Mr. UDALL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title II, add the 
following: 
SEC. 236. AUTHORIZATION FOR CONDUCT OF 
TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER PILOT PROGRAMS. 
The Secretary of Defense may carry out 
one or more pilot programs through the re-search laboratories of the Department of De-fense to expand technology transfer activi-ties by partnering with regional research universities and nonprofit research corpora-tions to spur innovation, economic growth, and a high-tech, diverse workforce. 
SA 1676. Mr. UDALL (for himself and 
Mr. H EINRICH ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. EXPANSION OF ELIGIBILITY FOR POST- 
9/11 EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE TO INCLUDE SERVICE ON ACTIVE DUTY IN ENTRY LEVEL AND SKILL TRAIN-ING UNDER CERTAIN CIR-CUMSTANCES. 
(a) F ORINDIVIDUALS WHOSERVE BETWEEN  
18 AND 24 M ONTHS .—Section 3311(b)(5)(A) of 
title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘excluding’’ and inserting ‘‘includ-ing’’. 
(b) F
ORINDIVIDUALS WHOSERVED IN OPER-
ATION ENDURING FREEDOM , OPERATION IRAQI 
FREEDOM , ORCERTAIN OTHER CONTINGENCY  
OPERATIONS .—Section 3311(b) of such title is 
amended in paragraphs (6)(A) and (7)(A) by striking ‘‘excluding service on active duty in entry level and skill training’’ and inserting ‘‘including service on active duty in entry level and skill training for individuals who served on active duty in the Armed Forces in Operation Enduring Freedom, Operation Iraqi Freedom, Operation New Dawn, or any other contingency operation (as that term is 
defined in section 101 of title 10) and exclud-ing service on active duty in entry level and skill training for all other individuals’’. 
SA 1677. Mr. UDALL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 738. SUBMITTAL OF INFORMATION TO SEC-
RETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS RE-LATING TO EXPOSURE TO AIRBORNE HAZARDS AND OPEN BURN PITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and periodically thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs such information in the posses-sion of the Secretary of Defense as the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs considers nec-essary to supplement and support— 
(1) the development of information to be 
included in the Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry established by the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs under section 201 of the Dignified Burial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–260; 38 U.S.C. 527 note); and 
(2) research and development activities 
conducted by the Department of Veterans Affairs to explore the potential health risks of exposure by members of the Armed Forces to environmental factors in Iraq and Afghan-istan, in particular the connection of such exposure to respiratory illnesses such as chronic cough, chronic obstructive pul-monary disease, constrictive bronchiolitis, and pulmonary fibrosis. 
(b) I
NCLUSION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION .— 
The Secretary of Defense shall include in the information submitted to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs under subsection (a) infor-mation on any research and surveillance ef-forts conducted by the Department of De-fense to evaluate the incidence and preva-lence of respiratory illnesses among mem-bers of the Armed Forces who were exposed to open burn pits while deployed overseas. 
SA 1678. Mr. PAUL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . IMPROVED ENUMERATION OF MEM-
BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES IN ANY TABULATION OF TOTAL POPU-LATION BY SECRETARY OF COM-MERCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 141 of title 13, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-
section (h); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(g) Effective beginning with the 2020 de-
cennial census of population, in taking any tabulation of total population by States, the Secretary shall take appropriate measures to 
ensure, to the maximum extent practicable, that all members of the Armed Forces de-ployed abroad on the date of taking such tabulation are— 
‘‘(1) fully and accurately counted; and ‘‘(2) properly attributed to the State in 
which their permanent duty station or homeport is located on such date.’’. 
(b) C
ONSTRUCTION .—The amendments made 
by subsection (a) shall not be construed to affect the residency status of any member of the Armed Forces under any provision of law other than title 13, United States Code. 
SA 1679. Mr. PAUL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . NATURAL GAS PRODUCTION, TREAT-
MENT, MANAGEMENT, AND USE, FORT KNOX, KENTUCKY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 449 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end of the following: 
‘‘§ 4781. Natural gas production, treatment, 
management, and use, Fort Knox, Kentucky 
‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY .—The Secretary of the 
Army (referred to in this section as the ‘Sec-retary’) may provide, by contract or other-wise, for the production, treatment, manage-ment, and use of natural gas located under Fort Knox, Kentucky, without regard to sec-tion 3 of the Mineral Leasing Act for Ac-quired Lands (30 U.S.C. 352). 
‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON USES.—Any natural gas 
produced pursuant to subsection (a)— 
‘‘(1) may only be used to support activities 
and operations at Fort Knox; and 
‘‘(2) may not be sold for use elsewhere. 
‘‘(c) O WNERSHIP OF FACILITIES .—The Sec-
retary may take ownership of any gas pro-duction and treatment equipment and facili-ties and associated infrastructure from a contractor in accordance with the terms of a contract or other agreement entered into pursuant to subsection (a). 
‘‘(d) N
OAPPLICATION ELSEWHERE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The authority provided 
by this section applies only with respect to Fort Knox, Kentucky. 
‘‘(2) E
FFECT OF SECTION .—Nothing in this 
section authorizes the production, treat-ment, management, or use of natural gas re-sources underlying any Department of De-fense installation other than Fort Knox. 
‘‘(e) A
PPLICABILITY .—The authority of the 
Secretary under this section is effective be-ginning on August 2, 2007.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections of chapter 449 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘4781. Natural gas production, treatment, 
management, and use, Fort Knox, Kentucky.’’. 
SA 1680. Mr. PAUL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.056 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3803 June 4, 2015 
and for other purposes; which was or-
dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1065. DECLASSIFICATION AND PUBLIC RE-
LEASE OF CERTAIN REDACTED POR-TIONS OF THE JOINT INQUIRY INTO INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY ACTIVI-TIES BEFORE AND AFTER THE TER-RORIST ATTACKS OF SEPTEMBER 2001. 
(a) D ECLASSIFICATION AND PUBLIC RELEASE  
OF THE JOINT INQUIRY INTO INTELLIGENCE  
COMMUNITY ACTIVITIES BEFORE AND AFTER  
THE TERRORIST ATTACKS OF SEPTEMBER  
2001.—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and subject to sub-section (b), the President shall declassify and release to the public the previously redacted portions of the report on the Joint Inquiry into Intelligence Community Activities Be-fore and After the Terrorist Attacks of Sep-tember 2001, filed in the Senate and the House of Representatives on December 20, 2002, including all the material under the heading ‘‘Part Four—Findings, Discussion and Narrative Regarding Certain Sensitive National Security Matters’’. 
(b) E
XCEPTION FOR NAMES AND INFORMATION  
OFINDIVIDUALS AND CERTAIN METHODOLO -
GIES.—Notwithstanding subsection (a), the 
President is not required to declassify and release to the public the names and identi-fying information of individuals or specific methodologies described in the report re-ferred to in subsection (a) if such declas-sification and release would result in immi-nent lawless action or compromise presently on-going national security operations. 
SA 1681. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title VIII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 884. PROCUREMENT OF ANCHOR AND MOOR-
ING CHAIN. 
Section 2534(a)(3) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in the paragraph heading, by inserting 
‘‘AND MOORINGS ’’ after ‘‘ NAVAL VESSELS ’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) Department of Defense moorings and 
components.’’. 
SA 1682. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title III, add the 
following: 
SEC. 302. ADDITIONAL FUNDS FOR THE OFFICE 
OF ECONOMIC ADJUSTMENT. 
(a) A DDITIONAL FUNDS FOR OPERATION AND  
MAINTENANCE , DEFENSE -WIDE.—The amount 
authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by section 301 for operation and mainte-nance is hereby increased by $33,100,000, with the amount of the increase to be available 
for operation and maintenance, Defense- wide, for the Office of Economic Adjustment for the Defense Industry Adjustment. 
(b) O
FFSET .—The amount authorized to be 
appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by section 1503 for procurement for overseas contin-gency operations is hereby reduced by $33,100,000, with the amount of the reduction to be applied to amounts available for the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Fund for Staff and Infrastructure. 
SA 1683. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, 
Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Mr. 
BLUNT ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VII, add 
the following: 
SECTION 706. BEHAVIORAL HEALTH TREATMENT 
OF DEVELOPMENTAL DISABILITIES UNDER THE TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) B EHAVIORAL HEALTH TREATMENT OF DE-
VELOPMENTAL DISABILITIES UNDER  
TRICARE.—Section 1077 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(g)(1) Subject to paragraph (4), in pro-
viding health care under subsection (a), the treatment of developmental disabilities (as defined in section 102(8) of the Develop-mental Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 15002(8))), in-cluding autism spectrum disorder, shall in-clude behavioral health treatment, including applied behavior analysis, when prescribed by a physician or psychologist. 
‘‘(2) In carrying out this subsection, the 
Secretary shall ensure that— 
‘‘(A) except as provided by subparagraph 
(B)— 
‘‘(i) in the case of a State that requires li-
censing or certification of applied behavioral analysts under State law, applied behavior analysis or other behavioral health treat-ment is provided by an individual who is li-censed or certified to provide such analysis or treatment in accordance with the laws of the State; and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a State other than a 
State described in clause (i), applied behav-ior analysis or other behavioral health treat-ment is provided by an individual who is li-censed or certified by an accredited national certification board to provide such analysis or treatment; and 
‘‘(B) applied behavior analysis or other be-
havioral health treatment may be provided by an employee, contractor, or trainee of a person described in subparagraph (A) if the employee, contractor, or trainee meets min-imum qualifications, training, and super-vision requirements as set forth by the Sec-retary. 
‘‘(3) Nothing in this subsection shall be 
construed as limiting or otherwise affecting the benefits provided to a covered bene-ficiary under— 
‘‘(A) this chapter; ‘‘(B) title XVIII of the Social Security Act 
(42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.); or 
‘‘(C) any other law. 
‘‘(4)(A) Treatment may be provided under 
this subsection in a fiscal year only to the extent that amounts are provided in advance in appropriations Acts for the provision of such treatment for such fiscal year in the Defense Dependents Developmental Disabil-
ities Account. 
‘‘(B) Funds for treatment under this sub-
section may be derived only from the De-fense Dependents Developmental Disabilities Account.’’. 
(b) D
EFENSE DEPENDENTS DEVELOPMENTAL  
DISABILITIES ACCOUNT .— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—There is hereby estab-
lished on the books of the Treasury an ac-count to be known as the ‘‘Defense Depend-ents Developmental Disabilities Account’’ (in this subsection referred to as the ‘‘Ac-count’’). 
(B) S
EPARATE ACCOUNT .—The Account shall 
be a separate account for the Department of Defense, and shall not be a subaccount with-in the Defense Health Program account of the Department. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The Account shall consist 
of amounts authorized to be appropriated or transferred to the Account. 
(3) E
XCLUDED SOURCES OF ELEMENTS .— 
Amounts in the Account may not be derived from transfers from the following: 
(A) The Department of Defense Medicare- 
Eligible Retiree Health Care Fund under chapter 56 of title 10, United States Code. 
(B) The Coast Guard Retired Pay Account. (C) The National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
Administration Operations, Research, and Facilities Account. 
(D) The Public Health Service Retirement 
Pay and Medical Benefits for Commissioned Officers Account. 
(4) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts in the Account 
shall be available for the treatment of devel-opmental disabilities in covered bene-ficiaries pursuant to subsection (g) of section 1077 of title 10, United States Code (as added by subsection (a)). Amounts in the Account 
shall be so available until expended. 
(5) F
UNDING .— 
(A) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2016 for the Depart-ment of Defense for the Defense Dependents Developmental Disabilities Account, $50,000,000. 
(B) T
RANSFER FOR CONTINUATION OF EXIST -
ING SERVICES .—From amounts authorized to 
be appropriated for the Department of De-fense for the Defense Health Program for fis-cal year 2016, the Secretary of Defense shall transfer to the Defense Dependents Develop-mental Disabilities Account $270,000,000. 
SA 1684. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, 
Ms. B ALDWIN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Mr. 
PETERS ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title VII, add the following: 
Subtitle D—Reproductive and Fertility Pres-
ervation Assistance for Members of the Armed Forces 
SEC. 741. PROVISION OF FERTILITY TREATMENT 
AND COUNSELING TO SPOUSES, PARTNERS, AND GESTATIONAL SUR-ROGATES OF CERTAIN MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) F ERTILITY TREATMENT AND COUN-
SELING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall furnish fertility treatment and coun-seling, including through the use of assisted reproductive technology, to a spouse, part-ner, or gestational surrogate of a severely 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.063 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3804 June 4, 2015 
wounded, ill, or injured member of the 
Armed Forces who has an infertility condi-tion incurred or aggravated while serving on active duty in the Armed Forces. 
(2) E
LIGIBILITY FOR TREATMENT AND COUN -
SELING .—Fertility treatment and counseling 
shall be furnished under paragraph (1) to a spouse, partner, or gestational surrogate of a member of the Armed Forces described in such paragraph without regard to the sex or marital status of such member. 
(3) I
N VITRO FERTILIZATION .—In the case of 
in vitro fertilization treatment furnished under paragraph (1), the Secretary may fur-nish not more than three completed cycles or six attempted cycles of in vitro fertiliza-tion, whichever occurs first, to a spouse, partner, or gestational surrogate described in such paragraph. 
(b) P
ROCUREMENT OF GAMETES .—If a mem-
ber of the Armed Forces described in sub-section (a) is unable to provide their gametes for purposes of fertility treatment under sub-section (a), the Secretary shall, at the elec-tion of such member, allow such member to receive such treatment with donated gametes and pay or reimburse such member the reasonable costs of procuring gametes from a donor. 
(c) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to require the Secretary— 
(1) to find or certify a gestational surro-
gate for a member of the Armed Forces or to connect a gestational surrogate with a mem-ber of the Armed Forces; or 
(2) to find or certify gametes from a donor 
for a member of the Armed Forces or to con-nect a member of the Armed Forces with gametes from a donor. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) F ERTILITY TREATMENT .—The term ‘‘fer-
tility treatment’’ includes the following: 
(A) Procedures that use assisted reproduc-
tive technology. 
(B) Sperm retrieval. (C) Egg retrieval. (D) Artificial insemination. (E) Embryo transfer. (F) Such other treatments as the Secretary 
of Defense considers appropriate. 
(2) A
SSISTED REPRODUCTIVE TECHNOLOGY .— 
The term ‘‘assisted reproductive technology’’ includes in vitro fertilization and other fer-tility treatments in which both eggs and sperm are handled when clinically appro-priate. 
(3) P
ARTNER .—The term ‘‘partner’’, with 
respect to a member of the Armed Forces, means an individual selected by the member who agrees to share with the member the pa-rental responsibilities with respect to any child born as a result of the use of any fer-tility treatment under this section. 
SEC. 742. ESTABLISHMENT OF FERTILITY PRES-
ERVATION PROCEDURES AFTER AN INJURY OR ILLNESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, 
acting through the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs, shall establish 
procedures for the retrieval of gametes, as soon as medically appropriate, from a mem-ber of the Armed Forces in cases in which the fertility of such member is potentially jeopardized as a result of an injury or illness incurred or aggravated while serving on ac-tive duty in the Armed Forces in order to preserve the medical options of such mem-ber. 
(b) C
ONSENT FOR RETRIEVAL OF GAMETES .— 
Gametes may be retrieved from a member of the Armed Forces under subsection (a) only— 
(1) with the specific consent of the mem-
ber; or 
(2) if the member is unable to consent, if a 
medical professional determines that— 
(A) the future fertility of the member is 
potentially jeopardized as a result of an in-jury or illness described in subsection (a) or 
will be potentially jeopardized as a result of treating such injury or illness; 
(B) the member lacks the capacity to con-
sent to the retrieval of gametes and is likely to regain such capacity; and 
(C) the retrieval of gametes under this sec-
tion is in the medical interest of the mem-ber. 
(c) C
ONSENT FOR USE OF RETRIEVED  
GAMETES .—Gametes retrieved from a mem-
ber of the Armed Forces under subsection (a) may be used only— 
(1) with the specific consent of the mem-
ber; or 
(2) if the member has lost the ability to 
consent permanently, as determined by a medical professional, as specified in an ad-vance directive or testamentary instrument executed by the member. 
(d) D
ISPOSAL OF GAMETES .—In accordance 
with regulations prescribed by the Secretary for purpose of this subsection, the Secretary shall dispose of gametes retrieved from a member of the Armed Forces under sub-section (a)— 
(1) with the specific consent of the mem-
ber; or 
(2) if the member— (A) has lost the ability to consent perma-
nently, as determined by a medical profes-sional; and 
(B) has not specified the use of their 
gametes in an advance directive or testa-mentary instrument executed by the mem-ber. 
SEC. 743. CRYOPRESERVATION AND STORAGE OF 
GAMETES OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES ON ACTIVE DUTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall provide members of the Armed Forces on active duty in the Armed Forces with the opportunity to cryopreserve and store their gametes prior to deployment to a combat 
zone. 
(b) P
ERIOD OF TIME.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-
vide for the cryopreservation and storage of gametes of any member of the Armed Forces under subsection (a), at no cost to the mem-ber, in a facility of the Department of De-fense or of a private entity pursuant to a contract under subsection (d) until the date that is one year after the retirement, separa-tion, or release of the member from the Armed Forces. 
(2) C
ONTINUED CRYOPRESERVATION AND  
STORAGE .—At the end of the one-year period 
specified in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall permit an individual whose gametes were cryopreserved and stored in a facility of the Department as described in that para-graph to select, including pursuant to an ad-vance medical directive or military testa-mentary instrument completed under sub-section (c), one of the following options: 
(A) To continue such cryopreservation and 
storage in such facility with the cost of such cryopreservation and storage borne by the individual. 
(B) To transfer the gametes to a private 
cryopreservation and storage facility se-lected by the individual. 
(C) To transfer the gametes to a facility of 
the Department of Veterans Affairs if cryopreservation and storage is available to the individual at such facility. 
(3) D
ISPOSAL OF GAMETES .—If an individual 
described in paragraph (2) does not make a selection under subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of such paragraph, the Secretary may dis-pose of the gametes of the individual not ear-lier than the date that is 90 days after the end of the one-year period specified in para-graph (1) with respect to the individual. 
(c) A
DVANCE MEDICAL DIRECTIVE AND MILI-
TARY TESTAMENTARY INSTRUMENT .—A mem-
ber of the Armed Forces who elects to cryopreserve and store their gametes under 
this section must complete an advance med-ical directive, as defined in section 1044c(b) of title 10, United States Code, and a mili-tary testamentary instrument, as defined in section 1044d(b) of such title, that explicitly specifies the use of their cryopreserved and stored gametes if such member dies or other-wise loses the capacity to consent to the use of their cryopreserved and stored gametes. 
(d) A
GREEMENTS .—To carry out this sec-
tion, the Secretary may enter into agree-ments with private entities that provide cryopreservation and storage services for gametes. 
SEC. 744. COORDINATION BETWEEN DEPART-
MENT OF DEFENSE AND DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS ON FURNISHING OF FERTILITY TREAT-MENT AND COUNSELING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall share best practices and facilitate referrals, as they consider appropriate, on the fur-nishing of fertility treatment and counseling to individuals eligible for the receipt of such counseling and treatment from the Secre-taries. 
(b) M
EMORADUM OF UNDERSTANDING .—The 
Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall enter into a memo-randum of understanding— 
(1) providing that the Secretary of Defense 
will ensure access by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to any gametes of veterans stored by the Department of Defense for pur-poses of furnishing fertility treatment; and 
(2) authorizing the Department of Veterans 
Affairs to compensate the Department of De-fense for the cryopreservation and storage of gametes of veterans under section 743. 
SA 1685. Mr. NELSON (for himself 
and Ms. C OLLINS ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle D of title 
VI, add the following: 
SEC. 643. THREE-YEAR EXTENSION OF PAYMENT 
OF SPECIAL SURVIVOR INDEMNITY ALLOWANCES UNDER THE SUR-VIVOR BENEFIT PLAN. 
Section 1450(m) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2)(I), by striking ‘‘fiscal 
year 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (6)— (A) by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and 
inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2017’’ each place 
it appears and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2020’’. 
SA 1686. Mr. MORAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle H of title 
V, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.063 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3805 June 4, 2015 
SEC. 593. REPORT ON EXEMPTION FROM FUR-
LOUGH DURING A LAPSE IN APPRO-PRIATIONS FOR POSITIONS FILLED BY INDIVIDUALS ENGAGED IN MILI-TARY EQUIPMENT AND WEAPON SYS-TEMS MAINTENANCE WITHIN THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 
March 1, 2016, the Secretary of Defense shall, in coordination with the Chief of the Na-tional Guard Bureau, submit to the Commit-tees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the ex-emption from furlough during a lapse in ap-propriations for positions filled by individ-uals engaged in military equipment and weapon system maintenance within the De-partment of Defense, including the position of military technician (dual status) and posi-tions of field and depot level maintenance and engineers. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) An analysis of the Department of De-
fense positions described in subsection (a), and the personnel, that were exempted from furlough during the most recent lapse in ap-propriations for the Department. 
(2) An analysis of positions filled by indi-
viduals engaged in military equipment and weapon system maintenance within the De-partment, and the personnel, that were not exempted from the furlough described in paragraph (1). 
(3) A cost analysis of the exemption of po-
sitions from furlough as described in para-graph (1). 
SA 1687. Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. 
INHOFE , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. 
MORAN , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. R ISCH, and Mr. R OBERTS ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . PROTECTION AND RECOVERY OF 
GREATER SAGE GROUSE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘Federal resource manage-
ment plan’’ means— 
(A) a land use plan prepared by the Bureau 
of Land Management for public lands pursu-ant to section 202 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1712); or 
(B) a land and resource management plan 
prepared by the Forest Service for National Forest System lands pursuant to section 6 of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Re-sources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604). 
(2) The term ‘‘Greater Sage Grouse’’ means 
a sage grouse of the species Centrocercus 
urophasianus . 
(3) The term ‘‘State management plan’’ 
means a State-approved plan for the protec-tion and recovery of the Greater Sage Grouse. 
(b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this section 
is— 
(1) to facilitate implementation of State 
management plans over a period of multiple, consecutive sage grouse life cycles; and 
(2) to demonstrate the efficacy of the State 
management plans for the protection and re-covery of the Greater Sage Grouse. 
(c) E
NDANGERED SPECIES ACT OF 1973 F IND-
INGS.— (1) D ELAY REQUIRED .—Any finding by the 
Secretary of the Interior under clause (i), (ii), or (iii) of section 4(b)(3)(B) of the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533(b)(3)(B)) with respect to the Greater Sage Grouse made during the period begin-ning on September 30, 2015, and ending on the 
date of the enactment of this Act shall have no force or effect in law or in equity, and the Secretary of the Interior may not make any such finding during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on September 30, 2025. 
(2) E
FFECT ON OTHER LAWS .—The delay im-
posed by paragraph (1) is, and shall remain, effective without regard to any other stat-ute, regulation, court order, legal settle-ment, or any other provision of law or in eq-uity. 
(3) E
FFECT ON CONSERVATION STATUS .—Until 
the date specified in paragraph (1), the con-servation status of the Greater Sage Grouse shall remain warranted for listing under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), but precluded by higher-priority listing actions pursuant to clause (iii) of sec-tion 4(b)(3)(B) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533(b)(3)(B)). 
(d) C
OORDINATION OF FEDERAL LAND MAN-
AGEMENT AND STATE CONSERVATION AND MAN-
AGEMENT PLANS .— 
(1) P ROHIBITION ON MODIFICATION OF FED -
ERAL RESOURCE MANAGEMENT PLANS .—In 
order to foster coordination between a State management plan and Federal resource man-agement plans that affect the Greater Sage Grouse, upon notification by the Governor of a State with a State management plan, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture may not amend or otherwise modify any Federal resource management plan applicable to Federal lands in the State in a manner inconsistent with the State management plan for a period, to be speci-fied by the Governor in the notification, of at least five years beginning on the date of the notification. 
(2) R
ETROACTIVE EFFECT .—In the case of 
any State that provides notification under paragraph (1), if any amendment or modi-fication of a Federal resource management plan applicable to Federal lands in the State was issued during the one-year period pre-ceding the date of the notification and the amendment or modification altered manage-ment of the Greater Sage Grouse or its habi-tat, implementation and operation of the amendment or modification shall be stayed to the extent that the amendment or modi-fication is inconsistent with the State man-agement plan. The Federal resource manage-ment plan, as in effect immediately before the amendment or modification, shall apply instead with respect to management of the Greater Sage Grouse and its habitat, to the extent consistent with the State manage-ment plan. 
(3) D
ETERMINATION OF INCONSISTENCY .—Any 
disagreement regarding whether an amend-ment or other modification of a Federal re-source management plan is inconsistent with a State management plan shall be resolved by the Governor of the affected State. 
(e) R
ELATION TO NATIONAL ENVIRONMENTAL  
POLICY ACT OF 1969.—With regard to any Fed-
eral action consistent with a State manage-ment plan, any findings, analyses, or conclu-sions regarding the Greater Sage Grouse or its habitat under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4331 et seq.) shall not have a preclusive effect on the approval or implementation of the Federal action in that State. 
(f) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later 
than one year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act and annually thereafter through 2021, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture shall joint-ly submit to the Committee on Energy and 
Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report on the Secretaries’ implementation and effective-ness of systems to monitor the status of Greater Sage Grouse on Federal lands under their jurisdiction. 
(g) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of statute or regulation, this section, including determinations made under subsection (d)(3), shall not be subject to judicial review. 
SEC. lll . IMPLEMENTATION OF LESSER PRAI-
RIE-CHICKEN RANGE-WIDE CON-SERVATION PLAN AND OTHER CON-SERVATION MEASURES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C ANDIDATE CONSERVATION AGREE -
MENTS .—The terms ‘‘Candidate Conservation 
Agreement’’ and ‘‘Candidate and Conserva-tion Agreement With Assurances’’ have the meaning given those terms in— 
(A) the announcement of the Department 
of the Interior and the Department of Com-merce entitled ‘‘Announcement of Final Pol-icy for Candidate Conservation Agreements with Assurances’’ (64 Fed. Reg. 32726 (June 17, 1999)); and 
(B) sections 17.22(d) and 17.32(d) of title 50, 
Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act). 
(2) R
ANGE -WIDE PLAN .—The term ‘‘Range- 
Wide Plan’’ means the Lesser Prairie-Chick-en Range-Wide Conservation Plan of the Western Association of Fish and Wildlife Agencies, as endorsed by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service on October 23, 2013, and published for comment on January 29, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 4652). 
(3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of the Interior. 
(b) P ROHIBITION ON TREATMENT AS THREAT -
ENED OR ENDANGERED SPECIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
prior action by the Secretary, the lesser prairie-chicken shall not be treated as a threatened species or endangered species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) before January 31, 2021. 
(2) P
ROHIBITION ON PROPOSAL .—Effective be-
ginning on January 31, 2021, the lesser prai-rie-chicken may not be treated as a threat-ened species or endangered species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) unless the Secretary publishes a determination, based on the totality of the scientific evidence, that conservation (as that term is used in that Act) under the Range-Wide Plan and the agreements, pro-grams, and efforts referred to in subsection (c) have not achieved the conservation goals established by the Range-Wide Plan. 
(c) M
ONITORING OF PROGRESS OF CONSERVA -
TION PROGRAMS .—The Secretary shall mon-
itor and annually submit to Congress a re-port on progress in conservation of the lesser prairie-chicken under the Range-Wide Plan and all related— 
(1) Candidate Conservation Agreements 
and Candidate and Conservation Agreements With Assurances; 
(2) other Federal conservation programs 
administered by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, the Bureau of Land Man-agement, and the Department of Agri-culture; 
(3) State conservation programs; and (4) private conservation efforts. 
SEC. lll . REMOVAL OF ENDANGERED SPECIES 
STATUS FOR AMERICAN BURYING BEETLE. 
Notwithstanding the final rule of the 
United States Fish and Wildlife Service enti-tled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Determination of Endangered Status for the American Burying Beetle’’ (54 Fed. Reg. 29652 (July 13, 1989)), the American 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.055 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3806 June 4, 2015 
burying beetle shall not be listed as a threat-
ened or endangered species under the Endan-gered Species Act (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
SA 1688. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself 
and Mr. D ONNELLY ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. ENERGY INFRASTRUCTURE. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that the 
United States should establish a more uni-form, transparent, and modern process for the construction, connection, operation, and maintenance of oil and natural gas pipelines and electric transmission facilities for the import and export of oil and natural gas and the transmission of electricity to and from Canada and Mexico, in pursuit of a more se-cure and efficient North American energy market. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C ROSS-BORDER SEGMENT .—The term 
‘‘cross-border segment’’ means the portion of an oil or natural gas pipeline or electric transmission facility that is located at the national boundary of the United States with Canada or Mexico. 
(2) E
LECTRIC RELIABILITY ORGANIZATION .— 
The term ‘‘Electric Reliability Organiza-tion’’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 215(a) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824o(a)). 
(3) I
NDEPENDENT SYSTEM OPERATOR .—The 
term ‘‘Independent System Operator’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 796). 
(4) M
ODIFICATION .—The term ‘‘modifica-
tion’’ includes— 
(A) a change in ownership; (B) a volume expansion; (C) a downstream or upstream interconnec-
tion; or 
(D) an adjustment to maintain flow (such 
as a reduction or increase in the number of pump or compressor stations). 
(5) N
ATURAL GAS .—The term ‘‘natural gas’’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717a). 
(6) O
IL.—The term ‘‘oil’’ means petroleum 
or a petroleum product. 
(7) R EGIONAL ENTITY .—The term ‘‘regional 
entity’’ has the meaning given the term in section 215(a) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824o(a)). 
(8) R
EGIONAL TRANSMISSION ORGANIZA -
TION.—The term ‘‘Regional Transmission Or-
ganization’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 796). 
(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF CERTAIN ENERGY IN-
FRASTRUCTURE PROJECTS AT THE NATIONAL  
BOUNDARY OF THE UNITED STATES .— 
(1) A UTHORIZATION .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (3) and subsection (g), no person may construct, connect, operate, or main-tain a cross-border segment of an oil pipeline or electric transmission facility for the im-port or export of oil or the transmission of electricity to or from Canada or Mexico without obtaining a certificate of crossing for the construction, connection, operation, or maintenance of the cross-border segment under this section. 
(2) C
ERTIFICATE OF CROSSING .— 
(A) R EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 120 days 
after final action is taken under the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 
U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) with respect to a cross- border segment for which a request is re-ceived under this section, the relevant offi-cial identified under subparagraph (B), in consultation with appropriate Federal agen-cies, shall issue a certificate of crossing for the cross-border segment unless the relevant official finds that the construction, connec-tion, operation, or maintenance of the cross- border segment is not in the public interest of the United States. 
(B) R
ELEVANT OFFICIAL .—The relevant offi-
cial referred to in subparagraph (A) is— 
(i) the Secretary of State with respect to 
oil pipelines; and 
(ii) the Secretary of Energy with respect to 
electric transmission facilities. 
(C) A DDITIONAL REQUIREMENT FOR ELECTRIC  
TRANSMISSION FACILITIES .—In the case of a 
request for a certificate of crossing for the construction, connection, operation, or maintenance of a cross-border segment of an electric transmission facility, the Secretary of Energy shall require, as a condition of issuing the certificate of crossing for the re-quest under subparagraph (A), that the cross- border segment of the electric transmission facility be constructed, connected, operated, or maintained consistent with all applicable policies and standards of— 
(i) the Electric Reliability Organization 
and the applicable regional entity; and 
(ii) any Regional Transmission Organiza-
tion or Independent System Operator with operational or functional control over the cross-border segment of the electric trans-mission facility. 
(3) E
XCLUSIONS .—This section shall not 
apply to any construction, connection, oper-ation, or maintenance of a cross-border seg-ment of an oil pipeline or electric trans-mission facility for the import or export of oil or the transmission of electricity to or from Canada or Mexico— 
(A) if the cross-border segment is operating 
for the import, export, or transmission as of the date of enactment of this Act; 
(B) if a permit described in subsection (f) 
for the construction, connection, operation, or maintenance has been issued; 
(C) if a certificate of crossing for the con-
struction, connection, operation, or mainte-nance has previously been issued under this subsection; or 
(D) if an application for a permit described 
in subsection (f) for the construction, con-nection, operation, or maintenance is pend-ing on the date of enactment of this Act, until the earlier of— 
(i) the date on which the application is de-
nied; or 
(ii) July 1, 2016. (4) E
FFECT OF OTHER LAWS .— 
(A) A PPLICATION TO PROJECTS .—Nothing in 
this subsection or subsection (g) affects the application of any other Federal law to a project for which a certificate of crossing for the construction, connection, operation, or maintenance of a cross-border segment is sought under this subsection. 
(B) E
NERGY POLICY AND CONSERVATION  
ACT.—Nothing in this subsection or sub-
section (g) shall affect the authority of the President under section 103(a) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6212(a)). 
(d) I
MPORTATION OR EXPORTATION OF NAT-
URAL GAS TO CANADA AND MEXICO .—Section 
3(c) of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717b(c)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘(c) For purposes’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(c) E
XPEDITED APPLICATION AND APPROVAL  
PROCESS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For purposes’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) D EADLINE FOR APPROVAL OF APPLICA -
TIONS RELATING TO CANADA AND MEXICO .—In 
the case of an application for the importa-tion or exportation of natural gas to or from Canada or Mexico, the Commission shall ap-prove the application not later than 30 days after the date of receipt of the application.’’. 
(e) T
RANSMISSION OF ELECTRIC ENERGY TO  
CANADA AND MEXICO .— 
(1) R EPEAL OF REQUIREMENT TO SECURE  
ORDER .—Section 202 of the Federal Power 
Act (16 U.S.C. 824a) is amended— 
(A) by striking subsection (e); and (B) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) 
as subsections (e) and (f), respectively. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) S TATE REGULATIONS .—Subsection (e) of 
section 202 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824a) (as redesignated by paragraph (1)(B)) is amended in the second sentence by striking ‘‘insofar as such State regulation does not conflict with the exercise of the Commission’s powers under or relating to subsection 202(e)’’. 
(B) S
EASONAL DIVERSITY ELECTRICITY EX -
CHANGE .—Section 602(b) of the Public Utility 
Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 824a–4(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Com-mission has conducted hearings and made the findings required under section 202(e) of the Federal Power Act’’ and all that follows through the period at the end of the second sentence and inserting ‘‘the Secretary has conducted hearings and finds that the pro-posed transmission facilities would not im-pair the sufficiency of electric supply within the United States or would not impede or tend to impede the coordination in the pub-lic interest of facilities subject to the juris-diction of the Secretary.’’. 
(f) N
OPRESIDENTIAL PERMIT REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—No Presidential permit (or 
similar permit) required under an applicable provision described in paragraph (2) shall be necessary for the construction, connection, operation, or maintenance of an oil or nat-ural gas pipeline or electric transmission fa-cility, or any cross-border segment of the pipeline or facility. 
(2) A
PPLICABLE PROVISIONS .—Paragraph (1) 
applies to— 
(A) section 301 of title 3, United States 
Code; 
(B) Executive Order 11423 (3 U.S.C. 301 
note); 
(C) Executive Order 13337 (3 U.S.C. 301 
note); 
(D) Executive Order 10485 (15 U.S.C. 717b 
note); 
(E) Executive Order 12038 (42 U.S.C. 7151 
note); and 
(F) any other Executive order. 
(g) M ODIFICATIONS TO EXISTING PROJECTS .— 
No certificate of crossing under subsection (c), or permit described in subsection (f), shall be required for a modification to the construction, connection, operation, or maintenance of an oil or natural gas pipeline or electric transmission facility— 
(1) that is operating for the import or ex-
port of oil or natural gas or the transmission of electricity to or from Canada or Mexico as of the date of enactment of the Act; 
(2) for which a permit described in sub-
section (f) for the construction, connection, operation, or maintenance has been issued; or 
(3) for which a certificate of crossing for 
the cross-border segment of the pipeline or facility has previously been issued under subsection (c). 
(h) E
FFECTIVE DATE; RULEMAKING DEAD-
LINES .— 
(1) E FFECTIVE DATE .—Subsections (c) 
through (g), and the amendments made by those subsections, take effect on July 1, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.055 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3807 June 4, 2015 
(2) R ULEMAKING DEADLINES .—Each relevant 
official described in subsection (c)(2)(B) shall— 
(A) not later than 180 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, publish in the Federal Register notice of a proposed rulemaking to carry out the applicable requirements of sub-section (c); and 
(B) not later than 1 year after the date of 
enactment of this Act, publish in the Federal Register a final rule to carry out the applica-ble requirements of subsection (c). 
SA 1689. Mr. CARDIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1274. REPORT ON ACCOUNTABILITY FOR 
WAR CRIMES AND CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY IN SYRIA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and again not later than 180 days after the cessation of violence in Syria, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a report on war crimes and crimes against humanity in Syria. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: 
(1) A description of violations of inter-
nationally recognized human rights, war crimes, and crimes against humanity per-petrated during the civil war in Syria, in-cluding— 
(A) an account of incidents that may con-
stitute war crimes and crimes against hu-manity committed by the regime of Presi-dent Bashar al-Assad and all forces fighting on its behalf; 
(B) an account of incidents that may con-
stitute war crimes and crimes against hu-manity committed by violent extremist groups, anti-government forces, and any other combatants in the conflict; 
(C) a description of any incidents that may 
violate the principle of medical neutrality and, when possible, an identification of the individual or individuals who engaged in or organized such violations; and 
(D) where possible, a description of the 
conventional and unconventional weapons used for such crimes and, the origins of the weapons. 
(2) A description of efforts by the Depart-
ment of State and the United States Agency for International Development to ensure ac-countability for violations of internationally recognized human rights, international hu-manitarian law, and crimes against human-ity perpetrated against the people of Syria by the regime of President Bashar al-Assad, violent extremist groups, and other combat-ants involved in the conflict, including— 
(A) a description of initiatives that the 
United States Government has undertaken to train investigators in Syria on how to document, investigate, and develop findings of war crimes, including the number of United States Government or contract per-sonnel currently designated to work full- time on these issues and an identification of the authorities and appropriations being used to support training efforts; 
(B) a description and assessment of Syrian 
and international efforts to ensure account-ability for crimes committed during the Syr-
ian conflict, including efforts to promote a transitional justice process that would in-clude criminal accountability and the estab-lishment of an ad hoc tribunal to prosecute the perpetrators of war crimes committed during the civil war in Syria; and 
(C) an assessment of the influence of ac-
countability measures on efforts to reach a negotiated settlement to the conflict during the reporting period. 
(c) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-
section (a) may be in unclassified or classi-fied form, but shall include a publicly avail-able annex. 
(d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COM-
MITTEE DEFINED .—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Foreign Relations of 
the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the 
House of Representatives. 
SA 1690. Mr. CARDIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 832. EXTENSION OF LIMITATION ON AGGRE-
GATE ANNUAL AMOUNT AVAILABLE FOR CONTRACT SERVICES. 
Section 808 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1489), as most recently amended by section 813 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Pub-lic Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3429) is further amended— 
(1) in subsections (a) and (b), by striking 
‘‘or 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2015, or 2016’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)(3), by striking ‘‘and 
2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2015, and 2016’’; 
(3) in subsection (d)(4), by striking ‘‘or 
2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2015, or 2016’’; and 
(4) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘2015’’ and 
inserting ‘‘2016’’. 
SA 1691. Mr. CARDIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. 
M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. INTERAGENCY HOSTAGE RECOVERY 
COORDINATOR. 
(a) I NTERAGENCY HOSTAGE RECOVERY COOR-
DINATOR .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall designate an existing Federal officer to coordinate efforts to se-cure the release of United States persons who are hostages of hostile groups or state sponsors of terrorism. For purposes of car-rying out the duties described in paragraph (2), such officer shall have the title of ‘‘Inter-agency Hostage Recovery Coordinator’’. 
(2) D
UTIES .—The Coordinator shall have 
the following duties: (A) Coordinate and direct all activities of 
the Federal Government relating to each hostage situation described in paragraph (1) to ensure efforts to secure the release of all hostages in the hostage situation are prop-erly resourced and correct lines of authority are established and maintained. 
(B) Establish and direct a fusion cell con-
sisting of appropriate personnel of the Fed-eral Government with purview over each hostage situation described in paragraph (1). 
(C) Develop a strategy to keep family 
members of hostages described in paragraph (1) informed of the status of such hostages and inform such family members of updates, procedures, and policies that do not com-promise the national security of the United States. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON AUTHORITY .—The author-
ity of the Coordinator shall be limited to hostage cases outside the United States. 
(c) Q
UARTERLY REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—On a quarterly basis, the 
Coordinator shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and the members of Congress described in paragraph (2) a re-port that includes a summary of each hos-tage situation described in subsection (a)(1) and efforts to secure the release of all hos-tages in such hostage situation. 
(2) M
EMBERS OF CONGRESS DESCRIBED .—The 
members of Congress described in this para-graph are, with respect to a United States person hostage covered by a report under paragraph (1), the Senators representing the State, and the Member, Delegate, or Resi-dent Commissioner of the House of Rep-resentatives representing the district, where a hostage described in subsection (a)(1) re-sides. 
(3) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report under 
this subsection may be submitted in classi-fied or unclassified form. 
(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed as author-izing the Federal Government to make con-cessions to a state sponsor of terrorism or an organization that the Secretary of State has designated as a foreign terrorist organiza-tion pursuant to section 219 of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189) or any other hostage-takers. 
(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C OORDINATOR .—The term ‘‘Coordinator’’ 
means the Interagency Hostage Recovery Co-ordinator designated under subsection (a). 
(2) H
OSTILE GROUP .—The term ‘‘hostile 
group’’ means— 
(A) a group that is designated as a foreign 
terrorist organization under section 219(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189(a)); 
(B) a group that is engaged in armed con-
flict with the United States; or 
(C) any other group that the President de-
termines to be a hostile group for purposes of this paragraph. 
(3) S
TATE SPONSOR OF TERRORISM .—The 
term ‘‘state sponsor of terrorism’’— 
(A) means a country the government of 
which the Secretary of State has deter-mined, for purposes of section 6(j) of the Ex-port Administration Act of 1979, section 620A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, section 40 of the Arms Export Control Act, or any other provision of law, to be a government that has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism; and 
(B) includes North Korea. 
SA 1692. Mr. CARDIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.055 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3808 June 4, 2015 
for military activities of the Depart-
ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1049. SUNSET OF 2001 AUTHORIZATION FOR 
USE OF MILITARY FORCE. 
The Authorization for Use of Military 
Force (Public Law 107–40; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note) shall terminate on the date that is three years after the date of the enactment of this Act, unless reauthorized. 
SA 1693. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for him-
self, Mr. L EAHY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, and Mr. B ROWN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. CAMPAIGN FINANCE DISCLOSURES BY 
THOSE PROFITING FROM DEFENSE CONTRACTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 304 of the Federal 
Election Campaign Act of 1974 (52 U.S.C. 30104) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(j) D
ISCLOSURE BY DEFENSE CONTRACTORS  
.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Every covered entity 
which makes covered disbursements and re-ceived covered transfers in an aggregate amount in excess of $10,000 during any cal-endar year shall, within 48 hours of each dis-closure date, file with the Commission a statement containing the information de-scribed in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS OF STATEMENT .—Each state-
ment required to be filed under this sub-section shall be made under penalty of per-jury and shall contain the following informa-tion: 
‘‘(A) The identification of the person mak-
ing the disbursement or receiving the trans-fer, of any person sharing or exercising direc-tion or control over the activities of such person, and of the custodian of the books and accounts of the person making the disburse-ment or receiving the transfer. 
‘‘(B) The principal place of business of the 
person making the disbursement or receiving the transfer, if not an individual. 
‘‘(C) The amount of each disbursement or 
transfer of more than $200 during the period covered by the statement and the identifica-tion of the person to whom the disbursement was made or from whom the transfer was re-ceived. 
‘‘(D) The elections to which the disburse-
ments or transfers pertain and the names (if known) of the candidates involved. 
‘‘(E) If the disbursements were paid out of 
a segregated bank account which consists of funds contributed solely by individuals who are United States citizens or nationals or lawfully admitted for permanent residence (as defined in section 101(a)(20) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(20))) directly to this account for elec-tioneering communications, the names and addresses of all contributors who contributed an aggregate amount of $1,000 or more to that account during— ‘‘(i) in the case of a statement under para-
graph (1)(A), during the period described in such paragraph, and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a statement under para-
graph (1)(B), the period beginning on the first day of the preceding calendar year and ending on the disclosure date. Nothing in this subparagraph is to be con-strued as a prohibition on the use of funds in such a segregated account for a purpose other than covered disbursements. 
‘‘(F) If the disbursements were paid out of 
funds not described in subparagraph (E), the names and addresses of all contributors who contributed an aggregate amount of $1,000 or more to the person making the disbursement during— 
‘‘(i) in the case of a statement under para-
graph (1)(A), during the period described in such paragraph, and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a statement under para-
graph (1)(B), the period beginning on the first day of the preceding calendar year and ending on the disclosure date. 
‘‘(3) C
OVERED ENTITY .—For purposes of this 
subsection— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘covered enti-
ty’ means— 
‘‘(i) any person who is described in sub-
paragraph (B), and 
‘‘(ii) any person who owns 5 percent or 
more of any person described in subpara-graph (B). 
‘‘(B) P
ERSON DESCRIBED .—A person is de-
scribed in this subparagraph if such person has been awarded a contract from the De-partment of Defense for the procurement of goods or services during the previous two fis-cal years. 
‘‘(4) C
OVERED DISBURSEMENT .—For purposes 
of this subsection, the term ‘covered dis-bursement’ means a disbursement for any of the following: 
‘‘(A) An independent expenditure. ‘‘(B) A broadcast, cable, or satellite com-
munication (other than a communication de-scribed in subsection (f)(3)(B)) which— 
‘‘(i) refers to a clearly identified candidate 
for Federal office; 
‘‘(ii) is made— ‘‘(I) in the case of a communication which 
refers to a candidate for an office other than President or Vice President, during the pe-riod beginning on January 1 of the calendar year in which a general or runoff election is held and ending on the date of the general or runoff election (or in the case of a special election, during the period beginning on the date on which the announcement with re-spect to such election is made and ending on the date of the special election); or 
‘‘(II) in the case of a communication which 
refers to a candidate for the office of Presi-dent or Vice President, is made in any State during the period beginning 120 days before the first primary election, caucus, or pref-erence election held for the selection of dele-gates to a national nominating convention of a political party is held in any State (or, if no such election or caucus is held in any State, the first convention or caucus of a po-litical party which has the authority to nominate a candidate for the office of Presi-dent or Vice President) and ending on the date of the general election; and 
‘‘(iii) in the case of a communication 
which refers to a candidate for an office other than President or Vice President, is targeted to the relevant electorate (within the meaning of subsection (f)(3)(C)). 
‘‘(C) A transfer to another person for the 
purposes of making a disbursement described in subparagraph (A) or (B). 
‘‘(5) C
OVERED TRANSFER .—For purposes of 
this subsection, the term ‘covered transfer’ means any amount received by a covered en-tity for the purposes of making a covered disbursement. ‘‘(6) D
ISCLOSURE DATE .—For purposes of 
this subsection, the term ‘disclosure date’ means— 
‘‘(A) the first date during any calendar 
year by which a person has made covered dis-bursements and received covered transfers aggregating in excess of $10,000; and 
‘‘(B) any other date during such calendar 
year by which a person has made covered dis-bursements and received covered transfers aggregating in excess of $10,000 since the most recent disclosure date for such calendar year. 
‘‘(7) C
ONTRACTS TO DISBURSE ; COORDINATION  
WITH OTHER REQUIREMENTS ; ETC,.—Rules simi-
lar to the rules of paragraphs (5), (6), and (7) of subsection (f) shall apply for purposes of this subsection.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall apply to disburse-ments made, and transfers received, after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 1694. Ms. HIRONO (for herself and 
Mr. W YDEN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the 
following: 
SEC. 314. SECURE ENERGY INNOVATION PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall conduct a program to develop and sup-port projects designed to foster secure and reliable sources of energy for military instal-lations, including incorporation of advanced energy metering, renewable energy, energy storage, and redundant power systems. 
(b) M
ETRICS .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall develop metrics for assessing the costs and benefits associated with secure energy projects proposed or implemented as part of the program conducted under subsection (a). The metrics shall take into account finan-cial and operational costs associated with sustained losses of power resulting from nat-ural disasters or attacks that damage elec-trical grids serving military installations. 
SA 1695. Ms. HIRONO (for herself and 
Mr. W YDEN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the 
following: 
SEC. 314. AUTHORITY TO USE ENERGY SAVINGS 
INVESTMENT FUND FOR ENERGY MANAGEMENT INITIATIVES. 
Section 2919(b)(2) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘, to the extent provided for in an appropriations Act,’’. 
SA 1696. Ms. HIRONO (for herself and 
Mr. W YDEN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.057 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3809 June 4, 2015 
activities of the Department of Defense 
and for military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the 
following: 
SEC. 314. PLAN TO ENHANCE MISSION READI-
NESS THROUGH GREATER ENERGY SECURITY AT CRITICAL MILITARY 
INSTALLATIONS. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION OF CRITICAL MILITARY  
INSTALLATIONS .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall identify ten military installations that are— 
(1) critical to mission readiness, and (2) susceptible to interruptions of power 
due to geographic location, dependence on connections to the electric grid, or other fac-tors determined by the Secretary. 
(b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than September 
30, 2016, the Secretary of Defense shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a report with a plan for integrating energy storage, micro-grid technologies, and on-site power generation systems at the military in-stallations identified under subsection (a) to enhance mission readiness. 
(2) F
ORM.—The report required under para-
graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex as necessary. 
SA 1697. Ms. HIRONO (for herself and 
Mr. W YDEN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the 
following: 
SEC. 314. STUDY ON IMPLEMENTATION OF RE-
QUIREMENTS FOR CONSIDERATION OF FUEL LOGISTICS SUPPORT RE-QUIREMENTS, REQUIREMENTS DE-VELOPMENT, AND ACQUISITION PROCESSES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port regarding the implementation of sec-tion 332 of the Duncan Hunter National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4420; 10 U.S.C. 2911 note (in this section referred to as ‘‘sec-tion 332’’)), including a description of the im-plementation to date of the requirements for consideration of fuel logistics support re-quirements in the planning, requirements de-velopment, and acquisition processes. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: 
(1) A list of acquisition solicitations that 
incorporate analysis established and devel-oped under section 332. 
(2) An analysis of the extent to which De-
partment of Defense planning, requirements development, and acquisition processes in-corporate or rely on the fully burdened cost of energy and energy key performance pa-rameters in relation to other metrics. 
(3) An estimate of the total fuel costs 
avoided as a result of inclusion of the fully burdened cost of energy and energy key per-formance parameter in acquisitions, includ-ing an estimate of monetary savings and fuel volume savings. (4) An analysis of the extent to which en-
ergy security requirements of the Depart-ment of Defense are enhanced by incorpora-tion of section 332 requirements in the acqui-sition process, and recommendations for fur-ther improving section 332 requirements to further enhance energy security and mission capability requirements. 
(c) E
NERGY SECURITY DEFINED .—In this sec-
tion, the term ‘‘energy security’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2924(3) of title 10, United States Code. 
SA 1698. Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. 
INHOFE , and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 1533, add the fol-
lowing: 
(f) P ROVISION TO CERTAIN FOREIGN FORCES  
THROUGH OTHER UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT  
AGENCIES .— 
(1) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Department of Defense should increase efforts to combat the use by the terrorist group the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) of improvised explo-sive devices and the illicit smuggling of im-provised explosive device precursor mate-rials. 
(2) P
ROVISION THROUGH OTHER AGENCIES .—If 
jointly agreed upon by the Secretary of De-fense and the head of another department or agency of the United States Government, the Secretary of Defense may transfer funds available under subsection (a) to such de-partment or agency for the provision by such department or agency of training, equip-ment, supplies, and services to ministries and other entities of the Government of Iraq and nations that border Iraq (other than Iran and Syria), as described in that subsection. 
SA 1699. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and 
Ms. H IRONO ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-
poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the 
following: 
SEC. 314. REQUIREMENT TO ESTABLISH REPOSI-
TORY FOR OPERATIONAL ENERGY- RELATED RESEARCH AND DEVELOP-MENT EFFORTS OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) R EPOSITORY REQUIRED .—Not later than 
December 31, 2016, the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering and in collaboration with the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Operational Energy Plans and Programs and the Secretaries of the military departments, shall establish a centralized re-pository for all operational energy-related research and development efforts of the De-partment of Defense, including with respect to the inception, operational, and complete phases of such efforts. 
(b) I
NTERNET ACCESS .—The Secretary of 
Defense shall ensure that the repository re-quired by subsection (a) is accessible through 
an Internet website of the Department of De-fense and by all employees of the Depart-ment and members of the Armed Forces whom the Secretary determines appropriate, including all program managers involved in such research and development efforts, to en-able improved collaboration between mili-tary departments on research and develop-ment efforts described in subsection (a), en-able sharing of best practices and lessons learned relating to such efforts, and reduce redundancy in such efforts. 
SA 1700. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and 
Ms. H IRONO ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the 
following: 
SEC. 314. STUDY ON POWER STORAGE CAPACITY 
REQUIREMENT. 
Not later than September 30, 2016, the Sec-
retary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on the costs and benefits associated with requir-ing 25 percent of National Guard and Reserve facilities to have at least a 21-day on-site power storage capacity to assist with pro-viding support to civil authorities in case of manmade or natural disasters. 
SA 1701. Mr. WYDEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 117, insert between lines 12 and 13, 
the following 
(b) L OCATION OF RETIREMENT .—Subsection 
(f) of such section is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) 
as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; 
(2) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘If the Sec-
retary’’; 
(3) in paragraph (1), as designated by para-
graph (2) of this subsection— 
(A) by striking ‘‘, and no suitable adoption 
is available at the military facility where the dog is location,’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B), as designated by 
paragraph (1) of this subsection, by inserting ‘‘within the United States’’ after ‘‘to another location’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph (2): 
‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) shall not apply if a 
United States citizen living abroad adopts the dog at the time of retirement.’’. 
SA 1702. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.057 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3810 June 4, 2015 
fiscal year, and for other purposes; 
which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . EXPANSION OF DUTIES OF UNDER 
SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR PER-SONNEL AND READINESS. 
Section 136(b) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and health af-fairs’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘health affairs, and the coordination, use, acquisi-tion, or exchange of joint requirements and resources with the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs and implementation of recommenda-tions made under subsection (c)(1) of section 320 of title 38 and the functions enumerated under subsection (d) of such section’’. 
SA 1703. Mr. DURBIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 636, between lines 12 and 13, insert 
the following: 
(10) Training and best practices to identify 
and treat post-traumatic stress disorder among Ukrainian Armed Forces and Na-tional Guard personnel. 
SA 1704. Mr. DURBIN (for himself, 
Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. R EED, Mr. 
BROWN , Mr. F RANKEN , and Mr. C ARPER ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe 
military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle D of title 
V, add the following: 
SEC. 540. AVAILABILITY OF PUBLIC INFORMA-
TION REGARDING CIVIL AND CRIMI-NAL ACTIONS AND INVESTIGATIONS INVOLVING POSTSECONDARY EDU-CATIONAL INSTITUTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall ensure that any online consumer tool offered or supported by the Department of Defense that provides information to servicemembers regarding specific postsec-ondary educational institutions, such as Tui-tion Assistance DECIDE or any successor or similar program, includes for each such in-stitution an accounting of pending investiga-tions and civil or criminal actions against the institution by Federal agencies and State attorneys general, to the extent such information is publicly available. 
(b) S
OURCES OF INFORMATION .—In gathering 
publicly available information on investiga-tions and civil or criminal actions described in subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall— 
(1) consult the heads of other Federal agen-
cies and, as practicable, State attorneys gen-eral; and 
(2) review any reports required to be filed 
with the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion under section 13 or section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m and 78o(d)), including Form 10–Q and Form 10–K. (c) C
ONSULTATION REGARDING PRESEN -
TATION .—To ensure that the information re-
quired under subsection (a) is presented in the most useful and effective way possible for servicemembers, the Secretary of Defense shall consult with the Secretary of Edu-cation, the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, and servicemember and con-sumer advocates. 
SA 1705. Mr. COATS (for himself, Mr. 
RUBIO, and Mr. C ORNYN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1264. MILITARY EXCHANGES BETWEEN SEN-
IOR OFFICERS AND OFFICIALS OF THE UNITED STATES AND TAIWAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
should carry out a program of exchanges of senior military officers and senior officials between the United States and Taiwan de-signed to improve military to military rela-tions between the United States and Taiwan. 
(b) E
XCHANGES DESCRIBED .—For the pur-
poses of this section, an exchange is an ac-tivity, exercise, event, or observation oppor-tunity between members of the Armed Forces and officials of the Department of De-fense, on the one hand, and armed forces per-sonnel and officials of Taiwan, on the other hand. 
(c) F
OCUS OF EXCHANGES .—The exchanges 
under the program carried out pursuant to subsection (a) shall include exchanges fo-cused on the following: 
(1) Threat analysis. (2) Military doctrine. (3) Force planning. (4) Logistical support. (5) Intelligence collection and analysis. (6) Operational tactics, techniques, and 
procedures. 
(7) Humanitarian assistance and disaster 
relief. 
(d) C
IVIL-MILITARY AFFAIRS .—The ex-
changes under the program carried out pur-suant to subsection (a) shall include activi-ties and exercises focused on civil-military relations, including parliamentary relations. 
(e) L
OCATION OF EXCHANGES .—The ex-
changes under the program carried out pur-suant to subsection (a) shall be conducted in both the United States and Taiwan. 
(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘senior military officer’’, 
with respect to the Armed Forces, means a general or flag officer of the Armed Forces on active duty. 
(2) The term ‘‘senior official’’, with respect 
to the Department of Defense, means a civil-ian official of the Department of Defense at the level of Assistant Secretary of Defense or above. 
SA 1706. Mr. SESSIONS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: On page 645, between lines 16 and 17, insert 
the following: 
(4) At the 2006 North Atlantic Treaty Orga-
nization Summit in Riga, North Atlantic Treaty Organization member countries com-mitted to endeavor to spend a minimum of two per cent of their national income or Gross Domestic Product (GDP) to spending on defense. 
(5) At the 2014 North Atlantic Treaty Orga-
nization Summit in Wales, North Atlantic Treaty Organization member countries agreed that ‘‘allies currently meeting the NATO guideline to spend a minimum of 2% of their Gross Domestic Product (GDP) on defense will aim to continue to do so’’ and that ‘‘allies whose current proportion of GDP spent on defense is below this level will: halt any decline in defense expenditure; aim to increase defense expenditure in real terms as GDP grows; aim to move towards the two percent guideline within a decade with a view to meeting their NATO Capability Tar-gets and filling NATO’s capability short-falls’’. 
(6) In 2015, four out of the 28 North Atlantic 
Treaty Organization member countries, in-cluding the United States, meet the two per-cent target. 
On page 646, strike line 16 and insert the 
following: 
spending; and 
(5) the North Atlantic Treaty Organization 
member countries are strongly urged to meet their commitment under the Wales Summit Declaration to spend two percent of their Gross Domestic Product on defense. 
SA 1707. Mr. GARDNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. CIVILIAN AVIATION ASSET MILITARY 
PARTNERSHIP PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) P ARTICIPATION .—The Secretary of De-
fense, in coordination with the Adminis-trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion, may participate in a Civilian Aviation Asset Military Partnership Pilot Program (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Pro-gram’’) in accordance with this section. 
(b) G
RANT AUTHORITY .—Subject to the 
availability of appropriations to carry out this section, the Secretary, in coordination with the Administrator, may make a grant under the Program, on a competitive basis, to an eligible airport to assist a project— 
(1) to improve aviation infrastructure; or (2) to repair, replace, or otherwise improve 
an eligible tower facility at that airport. 
(c) N
UMBER .—Not more than three eligible 
airports may receive a grant under the Pro-gram for a fiscal year. 
(d) A
MOUNT .—The amount provided to each 
eligible airport that receives a grant under the Program may not exceed $2,500,000. 
(e) E
LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible for a grant 
under the Program, an eligible airport shall submit to the Secretary of Defense an appli-cation at such time, in such form, and con-taining such information as the Secretary, in coordination with the Administrator, de-termines is appropriate. An application shall include, at a minimum, a description of— 
(1) the proposed project with respect to 
which a grant is requested, including esti-mated costs; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.065 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3811 June 4, 2015 
(2) the need for the project at the eligible 
airport, including how the project will assist both civil aircraft and military aircraft; and 
(3) the non-Federal funding available for 
the project. 
(f) S
ELECTION AND TERMS .—The Secretary 
and the Administrator shall jointly— 
(1) select eligible airports to receive grants 
under the Program; and 
(2) establish the terms of each grant made 
under the Program. 
(g) F UNDING .— 
(1) F EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
the cost of a project assisted with a grant under the Program may not exceed 70 per-cent. Prioritization shall be given to projects with the lowest Federal share. 
(2) C
OORDINATION .—With respect to the 
Federal share of the cost of a project assisted with a grant under the Program, 50 percent of that Federal share shall be paid by the Ad-ministrator and 50 percent shall be paid by the Secretary. 
(h) T
ERMINATION .—The Program shall ter-
minate at the end of the third fiscal year in which a grant is made under the Program. 
(i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A VIATION INFRASTRUCTURE .—The term 
‘‘aviation infrastructure’’ means any activ-ity defined under the term ‘‘airport develop-ment’’ in section 47102 of title 49, United States Code. 
(2) E
LIGIBLE AIRPORT .—The term ‘‘eligible 
airport’’ means an airport at which— 
(A) military aircraft conduct operations; 
and 
(B) civil aircraft operations are conducted. (3) E
LIGIBLE TOWER FACILITY .—The term 
‘‘eligible tower facility’’ means a tower facil-ity that— 
(A) is located at an eligible airport; (B) is greater than 30 years of age; and (C) has demonstrated failings. 
SA 1708. Mr. GARDNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1264. STRATEGY TO PROMOTE UNITED 
STATES INTERESTS IN THE INDO- ASIA-PACIFIC REGION. 
(a) S TRATEGY .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall develop an overall strat-egy to promote United States interests in the Indo-Asia-Pacific region. Such strategy shall be informed by the following: 
(1) The national security strategy of the 
United States for 2015 set forth in the na-tional security strategy report required under section 108(a)(3) of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 5043(a)(3)), as such strategy relates to United States interests in the Indo-Asia-Pacific region. 
(2) The 2014 Quadrennial Defense Review 
(QDR), as it relates to United States inter-ests in the Indo-Asia-Pacific region. 
(3) The 2015 Quadrennial Diplomacy and 
Development Review (QDDR), as it relates to United States interests in the Indo-Asia-Pa-cific region. 
(4) The strategy to prioritize United States 
defense interests in the Asia-Pacific region as contained in the report required by sec-tion 1251(a) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3570). (5) The integrated, multi-year planning 
and budget strategy for a rebalancing of United States policy in Asia submitted to Congress pursuant to section 7043(a) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2014 (division K of the Consolidated Appro-priations Act, 2014 (Public Law 113–76)). 
(b) P
RESIDENTIAL POLICY DIRECTIVE .—The 
President shall issue a Presidential Policy Directive to appropriate departments and agencies of the United States Government that contains the strategy developed under subsection (a) and includes implementing guidance to such departments and agencies. 
(c) R
ELATION TO AGENCY PRIORITY GOALS  
ANDANNUAL BUDGET .— 
(1) A GENCY PRIORITY GOALS .—In identifying 
agency priority goals under section 1120(b) of title 31, United States Code, for each appro-priate department and agency of the United States Government, the head of such depart-ment or agency, or as otherwise determined by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall take into consideration the strategy developed under subsection (a) and the Presidential Policy Directive issued under subsection (b). 
(2) A
NNUAL BUDGET .—The President shall, 
acting through the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, ensure that the an-nual budget submitted to Congress under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, includes a separate section that clearly high-lights programs and projects that are being funded in the annual budget that relate to the strategy developed under subsection (a) and the Presidential Policy Directive issued under subsection (b). 
SA 1709. Mr. GARDNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. PROTECTION AND RECOVERY OF 
GREATER SAGE-GROUSE. 
(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this section 
are— 
(1) to allow States— (A) to determine the appropriate manage-
ment of sage-grouse species according to State-created conservation and management plans that address the key threats to sage- grouse species and the habitat of sage-grouse species within the States; and 
(B) to demonstrate that those Statewide 
plans can protect and recover sage-grouse species within the States; and 
(2) to require the Secretary to implement 
recommendations contained in Statewide plans for the management of sage-grouse species and the habitat of sage-grouse spe-cies on Federal land . 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C OVERED WESTERN STATE .—The term 
‘‘covered Western State’’ means each of the States of California, Colorado, Idaho, Mon-tana, Nevada, North Dakota, Oregon, South Dakota, Utah, Washington, and Wyoming. 
(2) N
ATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM LAND .—The 
term ‘‘National Forest System land’’ means the Federal land within the National Forest System, as described in section 11(a) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1609(a)). 
(3) P
UBLIC LAND .—The term ‘‘public land’’ 
has the meaning given the term ‘‘public lands’’ in section 103 of the Federal Land 
Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1702). 
(4) S
AGE-GROUSE SPECIES .—The term ‘‘sage- 
grouse species’’ means— 
(A) the greater sage-grouse ( Centrocercus 
urophasianus ) (including all distinct popu-
lation segments); and 
(B) the Gunnison sage-grouse ( Centrocercus 
minimus ). 
(5) S ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means— 
(A) the Secretary of Agriculture, with re-
spect to National Forest System land; and 
(B) the Secretary of the Interior, with re-
spect to public land. 
(6) S TATEWIDE PLAN .—The term ‘‘Statewide 
plan’’ means a conservation and manage-ment plan or plans developed and submitted to the Secretary by a covered Western State for the protection and recovery of any sage- grouse species and the habitat of the sage- grouse species within the covered Western State in response to invitations from the Secretary of the Interior in December 2011 to submit to the Secretary those plans. 
(c) P
ARTICIPATION IN STATE PLANNING  
PROCESS .— 
(1) L IST OF DESIGNEES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after that date of receipt from a covered Western State of a notice described in sub-paragraph (B), the Secretary shall provide to the Governor of the covered Western State a list of designees of the Department of the In-terior or the Department of Agriculture, as applicable, who will represent the Secretary in assisting in the development and imple-mentation of the Statewide plan. 
(B) D
ESCRIPTION OF NOTICE .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—A notice referred to in 
subparagraph (A) is a notice that a covered Western State— 
(I) is initiating, or has previously initiated, 
development of a Statewide plan in accord-ance with clause (ii); or 
(II) has previously submitted to the Sec-
retary a Statewide plan in accordance with clause (ii). 
(ii) C
ONTENTS .—A notice under this sub-
paragraph shall include— 
(I) an invitation to the Secretary to par-
ticipate in the development or implementa-tion of the Statewide plan of the applicable covered Western State; and 
(II) a statement that the covered Western 
State— 
(aa) has prepared or will prepare, by not 
later than 1 year after the date of submission of the notice, a Statewide plan that will pro-tect and manage sage-grouse species and the habitat of sage-grouse species to the point that designation of sage-grouse species as a threatened or endangered species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) is no longer necessary in the covered Western State; and 
(bb) will— (AA) collect monitoring data such as sage- 
grouse species population trends, fuel reduc-tion, predator control, invasive species con-trol, the condition of sage-grouse species habitat, or other parameters that address the primary threats to sage-grouse species in the covered Western State to address how the threats identified in the Statewide plan are being reduced and how the objectives identified in the Statewide plan are being met; and 
(BB) provide to the Secretary relevant 
data regarding the health of sage-grouse spe-cies populations, the condition of sage- grouse species habitat, and activities relat-ing to the implementation of the Statewide plan on an annual basis under this section. 
(iii) T
IMING .—To be eligible to participate 
in a planning process under this section, not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.066 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3812 June 4, 2015 
later than 120 days after the date of enact-
ment of this Act, a covered Western State shall submit to the Secretary a notice de-scribed in subparagraph (B). 
(2) A
CCESS TO INFORMATION .—Not later than 
60 days after the date of receipt from a cov-ered Western State of a notice described in paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary shall provide to the covered Western State all relevant scientific data, research, and information re-garding sage-grouse species and habitat within the covered Western State for use by appropriate State personnel to assist the covered Western State in the development and implementation of the Statewide plan. 
(d) R
ECOGNITION OF STATEWIDE PLAN.—If 
the Secretary receives from a covered West-ern State a Statewide plan by the date that is 1 year after the date of receipt of a notice under subsection (c)(1) from the covered Western State, the Secretary shall— 
(1) when taking any action that could im-
pact the sage grouse species or the habitat of the species, manage all public land and Na-tional Forest System land within the cov-ered Western State in accordance with the Statewide plan for a period of not less than 6 years, beginning on the date of submission to the Secretary of the Statewide plan in ac-cordance with this section; 
(2) annually— (A) review the Statewide plan using the 
best available science and data, using the ob-jectives and goals contained in the State-wide plan as a measure of success; and 
(B) provide to the Governor of the covered 
Western State recommendations regarding improvement of the Statewide plan; 
(3) use the Statewide plan as the basis for 
all relevant determinations under the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); 
(4) permit and assist the covered Western 
State to implement adaptive management, if required by the Statewide plan, to respond to sage-grouse species conditions as indicated by monitoring data, meteorological condi-tions, or fire or other events necessitating adaptation of the Statewide plan; 
(5) require the covered Western State to 
submit to the Secretary annual reports re-garding the implementation of the Statewide plan, including relevant data regarding— 
(A) actions carried out pursuant to the 
Statewide plan; and 
(B) population trends, fuel reductions, 
predator control, invasive species control, the condition of sage-grouse habitat, and other parameters that address the primary threats to sage-grouse species in the covered Western State; 
(6) require the covered Western State— (A) to monitor appropriate sage-grouse 
species and habitat data for a period of not less than 5 years, beginning on the date of submission of the Statewide plan; and 
(B) to submit to the Secretary, not later 
than 6 years after the date of submission of the Statewide plan and in accordance with applicable scientific protocols, a report that includes— 
(i) a description of the status of implemen-
tation of the Statewide plan and progress made in achieving the objectives and goals of the Statewide plan, including relevant data regarding sage-grouse species population trends, fuel reductions, predator control, invasive species control, the condition of sage-grouse species habitat, and other pa-rameters that address the primary threats to sage-grouse in the covered Western State; 
(ii) an estimate of additional time needed, 
if any, for implementation of the Statewide plan; and 
(iii) necessary modifications to the State-
wide plan to enhance the achievement of the objectives and goals of the Statewide plan; and (7) assist the covered Western State in 
monitoring and collecting relevant data on Federal land to assess sage-grouse species population trends, fuel reductions, predator control, invasive species control, the condi-tion of sage-grouse species habitat, and other parameters that address the primary threats to sage-grouse in the covered Western State. 
(e) S
ECRETARIAL ACTIONS .—Not later than 
30 days after the date of receipt of a State-wide plan under this section, and annually thereafter during the period in which the Secretary determines that the applicable covered Western State is implementing the Statewide plan, the Secretary shall— 
(1) take necessary steps to maintain or re-
store the candidate species status for any sage-grouse species in the covered Western State under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), for a period of not less than 6 years— 
(A) to allow for appropriate monitoring 
and collection of data; and 
(B) to assess the achievement of the objec-
tives of the Statewide plan; 
(2) stay any land use planning activities re-
lating to Federal management of sage-grouse species on public land or National Forest System land within the covered Western State; 
(3) take immediate action to amend all 
Federal land use plans under the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) and the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1600 et seq.) to comply with the Statewide plan with respect to that covered Western State; 
(4) manage all public land and National 
Forest System land with habitat for any sage-grouse species in the covered Western State in a manner consistent with sections 102(a)(12) and 103(c) of the Federal Land Pol-icy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701(a)(12), 1702(c)) and section 4 of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Plan-ning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1602); 
(5) immediately reverse any withdrawals or 
land use restrictions carried out for purposes of protecting or conserving sage-grouse on public land or National Forest System land that are not consistent with a Statewide plan; and 
(6) use State annual reports regarding the 
implementation of the Statewide plans sub-mitted to the Secretary under subsection (d)(5) to prepare the annual Candidate Notice of Review of the Secretary pursuant to sec-tion 4 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533). 
(f) E
XISTING STATE PLANS .—The Secretary 
shall— 
(1) give effect to a Statewide conservation 
and management plan for the protection and recovery of sage-grouse species within a cov-ered Western State that is submitted by the covered Western State and approved or en-dorsed by the United States Fish and Wild-life Service before the date of enactment of this Act; and 
(2) for purposes of subsections (d) and (e), 
treat such a plan as a Statewide plan in ac-cordance with that subsection. 
(g) A
CTIONS PURSUANT TO NEPA.—An ac-
tion proposed to be carried out pursuant to 
the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) in a covered West-ern State may not be denied or restricted solely on the basis of the presence or protec-tion of sage-grouse species in the covered Western State, if the action is consistent with the Statewide plan of the covered West-ern State. 
(h) A
UTHORITY TO EXTEND PLANIMPLEMEN -
TATION .—On review of the report of a covered 
Western State under subsection (d)(6)(B), the Secretary may extend the provisions of this Act for a period not to exceed an additional 6 years with the consent of the covered West-
ern State. 
SA 1710. Mr. KIRK (for himself and 
Mr. M ENENDEZ ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1242. EXTENSION OF IRAN SANCTIONS ACT 
OF 1996. 
Section 13(b) of the Iran Sanctions Act of 
1996 (Public Law 104–172; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2026’’. 
SA 1711. Ms. AYOTTE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 12 ll. SOUTHEAST ASIA STRATEGIC PART-
NERSHIP. 
The Act of March 4, 1907 (34 Stat. 1260, 
chapter 2907; 81 Stat. 584), is amended— 
(1) in section 1(w), by striking paragraph 
(2); 
(2) in section 6, by striking subsection (b); 
and 
(3) by repealing section 25. 
SA 1712. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 213. 
SA 1713. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and 
Mr. T OOMEY ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the 
following: 
SEC. 314. LIMITATION ON FUNDING FOR RE-
SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ALTER-NATIVE FUEL AWARDS AND DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE ALTERNATIVE FUEL CONTRACTS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF ALTERNATIVE FUEL.—In 
this section, the term ‘‘alternative fuel’’ has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.066 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3813 June 4, 2015 
the meaning given the term in 301 of the En-
ergy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13211). 
(b) L IMITATION .—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended for research and development al-ternative fuel awards or Department of De-fense alternative fuel contracts. 
SA 1714. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part I of subtitle H of title V, 
add the following: 
SEC. 584. CONSOLIDATION OF FINANCIAL LIT-
ERACY PROGRAMS AND TRAINING FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) P LAN REQUIRED .—Not later than one 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth a plan for the consolida-tion of the current financial training pro-grams of the Department of Defense and the military departments for members of the Armed Forces into a single program of finan-cial training for members that— 
(1) eliminates duplication and costs in the 
provision of financial training to members; and 
(2) ensures that members receive effective 
training in financial literacy in as few train-ing sessions as is necessary for the receipt of effective training. 
(b) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary of De-
fense and the Secretaries of the military de-partments shall commence implementation of the plan required by subsection (a) 90 days after the date of the submittal of the plan as required by that subsection. 
SA 1715. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. RESTRICTIONS ON THE ESTABLISH-
MENT OF NATIONAL MONUMENTS. 
Section 320301 of title 54, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) R
ESTRICTIONS ON THE ESTABLISHMENT  
OFNATIONAL MONUMENTS IN MILITARY OPER-
ATIONS AREAS .—The President shall not es-
tablish a national monument under this sec-tion on land that is located under the lateral boundaries of a military operations area (as the term is defined in section 1.1 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations)), unless— 
‘‘(1) the proclamation includes language 
that ensures that the establishment of the national monument would not place any new limits on— 
‘‘(A) low-level overflights of military air-
craft; ‘‘(B) the designation of a new unit of spe-
cial use airspace; 
‘‘(C) the use or establishment of a military 
flight training route; 
‘‘(D) any flight operations of military air-
craft; or 
‘‘(E) any ground-based operations in sup-
port of military flight operations; and 
‘‘(2) the Secretary of Defense certifies that 
the establishment of the national monu-ment— 
‘‘(A) would not negatively impact any mili-
tary flight operations in airspace above the national monument; and 
‘‘(B) would not reduce the ability of any 
ground-based operations in support of mili-tary flight operations.’’. 
SA 1716. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XV, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1523. REPROGRAMMING OF CERTAIN FUNDS 
FOR OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OP-ERATIONS. 
(a) R EPROGRAMMING REQUIREMENT .—The 
Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a reprogram-ming or transfer request in the amount of $464,017,143 from unobligated funds in the Op-eration and Maintenance, Defense-wide, ac-count and available for the Office of Eco-nomic Adjustment, or for transfer to the Secretary of Education, to construct, ren-ovate, repair, or expand elementary and sec-ondary public schools on military installa-tions in order to address capacity or facility condition deficiencies at such schools, to the Operation and Maintenance, Overseas Con-tingency Operations, account. 
(b) T
REATMENT OF REPROGRAMMING .—The 
transfer of an amount pursuant to subsection (a) shall not be deemed to increase the amount authorized to be appropriated for fis-cal year 2016 for operation and maintenance for overseas contingency operations by sec-tion 1505. 
SA 1717. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the 
following: 
SEC. 314. INSTALLATION RENEWABLE ENERGY 
PROJECT DATABASE. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish a searchable database to uniformly report in-formation regarding installation renewable energy projects undertaken since 2010. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The database established 
under subsection (a) shall include, for each installation energy project— 
(1) the estimated project costs; (2) estimated power generation; (3) estimated total cost savings; (4) estimated payback period; 
(5) total project costs; (6) actual power generation; (7) actual cost savings to date; (8) current operational status; and (9) access to relevant business case docu-
ments, including the economic viability as-sessment. 
(c) N
ON-DISCLOSURE OF CERTAIN INFORMA -
TION.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
may, on a case-by-case basis, withhold from inclusion in the database established under subsection (a) information pertaining to in-dividual projects if the Secretary determines that the disclosure of such information would jeopardize operational security. 
(2) R
EQUIRED DISCLOSURE .—In the event the 
Secretary withholds information related to one or more renewable energy projects under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall include in the database— 
(A) a statement that information has been 
withheld; and 
(B) an aggregate amount for each of para-
graphs (1), (2), (3), (5), (6), and (7) of sub-section (b) that includes amounts for all re-newable energy projects described under sub-section (a), including those with respect to which information has been withheld under paragraph (1) of this subsection. 
(d) U
PDATES .—The database established 
under subsection (a) shall be updated not less than quarterly. 
SA 1718. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XXVIII, 
add the following: 
SEC. 2807. CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT FOR 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS IN AREAS OF CONTIN-GENCY OPERATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 
169 of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed by inserting after section 2804 the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘§ 2804a. Certification requirement for mili-
tary construction projects in areas of con-tingency operations 
‘‘(a) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—(1) The 
Secretary of Defense may not obligate or ex-pend funds to carry out a military construc-tion project overseas in connection with a contingency operation (as defined in section 101(a)(13) of this title) unless the combatant commander of the area of operations in which such project is to be constructed has certified to the Secretary of Defense that the project is needed for direct support of a con-tingency operation within that combatant command. 
‘‘(2) The restriction under paragraph (1) 
does not apply to planning and design activi-ties or activities carried out under the au-thority of section 2805 of this title. 
‘‘(b) C
ERTIFICATION GUIDANCE .—The Sec-
retary of Defense shall provide guidance re-garding the certification required under sub-section (a).’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of such subchapter is amended by adding after the item relating to section 2804 the following new item: 
‘‘2804a. Certification requirement for mili-
tary construction projects in areas of contingency oper-ations.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.060 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3814 June 4, 2015 
SA 1719. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XXVIII, 
add the following: 
SEC. 2807. USE OF PROJECT LABOR AGREEMENTS 
IN MILITARY CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS AND MILITARY FAMILY HOUSING PROJECTS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS .—Section 2852 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(d)(1) The Secretary of Defense and the 
Secretaries of the military departments awarding a construction contract on behalf of the Government, in any solicitations, bid specifications, project agreements, or other controlling documents, shall not— 
‘‘(A) require or prohibit bidders, offerors, 
contractors, or subcontractors to enter into or adhere to agreements with one or more labor organizations; and 
‘‘(B) discriminate against or give pref-
erence to bidders, offerors, contractors, or subcontractors based on their entering or re-fusing to enter into such an agreement. 
‘‘(2) Nothing in this subsection shall pro-
hibit a contractor or subcontractor from vol-untarily entering into such an agreement, as is protected by the National Labor Relations Act (29 U.S.C. 151 et seq.).’’. 
(b) A
PPLICATION OF AMENDMENT .—The 
amendment made by subsection (a) shall not apply to construction contracts awarded be-fore the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 1720. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VI, add the 
following: 
SEC. 622. TRANSPORTATION TO TRANSFER CERE-
MONIES FOR FAMILY AND NEXT OF KIN OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WHO DIE OVERSEAS DUR-ING HUMANITARIAN OPERATIONS. 
Section 481f(e)(1) of title 37, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘(including during a humanitarian relief operation)’’ after ‘‘located or serving overseas’’. 
SA 1721. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XI, add the following: 
SEC. 1116. MATTERS RELATING TO BIENNIAL 
STRATEGIC WORKFORCE PLANS. 
(a) A SSESSMENT OF INTENDED USE OF SPE-
CIAL HIRING AUTHORITIES AND OTHER AU-THORITIES TO SUPPORT THE WORFORCE .—Sub-
section (b)(1) of section 115b of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) the use of special hiring authorities to 
be made by such Secretary or head of agency in addressing the matters described in this section and of any other authorities that would support the enhancement of the qual-ity of the workforce.’’. 
(b) T
RANSMITTAL OF REPORTS TO CON-
GRESS .—Subsection (f) of such section is 
amended by inserting ‘‘and to Congress’’ after ‘‘to the Secretary.’’ 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act 
SA 1722. Mr. CRUZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the 
following: 
SEC. 314. ENERGY FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE. 
(a) D EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PURCHASE OF  
ENERGY .—In purchasing energy commodities, 
including electricity and fuel, the Depart-ment of Defense shall take into account— 
(1) the reliability of the energy source, 
with a preference afforded to sources that offer a constant, non-intermittent supply of power; and 
(2) the cost of the energy source in com-
parison with other available and reliable en-ergy sources, with a preference afforded to energy sources that are demonstrated to be more cost-effective in the near term. 
(b) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN RENEWABLE  
ENERGY AND ALTERNATIVE FUEL REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
(1) G OALS ON USE OF RENEWABLE ENERGY TO  
MEET ELECTRICITY NEEDS .—Section 2911 of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (e). 
(2) F
EDERAL PURCHASE REQUIREMENT .—The 
Department of Defense shall be exempt from the Federal purchase requirement estab-lished under section 203 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15852). 
(3) S
TRENGTHENING FEDERAL ENVIRON -
MENTAL , ENERGY , AND TRANSPORTATION MAN -
AGEMENT .—The Department of Defense shall 
be exempt from Executive Order 13423 (42 U.S.C. 4321 note; relating to strengthening Federal environmental, energy, and trans-portation management). 
(4) F
EDERAL FLEET CONSERVATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .—The Department of Defense shall be 
exempt from Federal fleet conservation re-quirements established under section 400FF of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6374e). 
(5) F
EDERAL LEADERSHIP ON ENERGY MAN -
AGEMENT .—The Department of Defense shall 
be exempt from the renewable energy con-sumption target established by the docu-ment entitled ‘‘Federal Leadership on En-ergy Management: Memorandum for the Heads of Executive Departments and Agen-cies’’ and published December 10, 2013 (78 Fed. Reg. 75209). 
(6) P
LANNING FOR FEDERAL SUSTAINABILITY  
IN THE NEXT DECADE .—The Department of De-fense shall be exempt from Executive Order 
No. 13693 dated March 19, 2015. 
SA 1723. Mr. CRUZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle D of title 
VI, add the following: 
SEC. 643. EQUAL BENEFITS UNDER SURVIVOR 
BENEFIT PLAN FOR SURVIVORS OF RESERVE COMPONENT MEMBERS WHO DIE IN THE LINE OF DUTY DUR-ING INACTIVE-DUTY TRAINING. 
(a) T REATMENT OF INACTIVE -DUTY TRAINING  
INSAMEMANNER AS ACTIVE DUTY.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 1451(c)(1)(A) of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in clause (i)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or 1448(f)’’ after ‘‘section 
1448(d)’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘or (iii)’’ after ‘‘clause 
(ii)’’; and 
(B) in clause (iii)— (i) by striking ‘‘section 1448(f) of this title’’ 
and inserting ‘‘section 1448(f)(1)(A) of this title by reason of the death of a member or former member not in line of duty’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘active’’. (2) A
PPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS .—No annu-
ity benefit under the Survivor Benefit Plan shall accrue to any person by reason of the amendments made by paragraph (1) for any period before the date of the enactment of this Act. With respect to an annuity under the Survivor Benefit Plan for a death occur-ring on or after September 10, 2001, and be-fore the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary concerned shall recompute the benefit amount to reflect such amendments, effective for months beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) C
ONSISTENT TREATMENT OF DEPENDENT  
CHILDREN .—Section 1448(f) of such title is 
amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(5) D
EPENDENT CHILDREN ANNUITY .— 
‘‘(A) A NNUITY WHEN NO ELIGIBLE SURVIVING  
SPOUSE .—In the case of a person described in 
paragraph (1), the Secretary concerned shall pay an annuity under this subchapter to the dependent children of that person under sec-tion 1450(a)(2) of this title as applicable. 
‘‘(B) O
PTIONAL ANNUITY WHEN THERE IS AN  
ELIGIBLE SURVIVING SPOUSE .—The Secretary 
may pay an annuity under this subchapter to the dependent children of a person described in paragraph (1) under section 1450(a)(3) of this title, if applicable, instead of paying an annuity to the surviving spouse under para-graph (1), if the Secretary concerned, in con-sultation with the surviving spouse, deter-mines it appropriate to provide an annuity for the dependent children under this para-graph instead of an annuity for the surviving spouse under paragraph (1).’’. 
(c) D
EEMED ELECTIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 1448(f) of title 10, 
United States Code, as amended by sub-section (b), is further amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(6) D
EEMED ELECTION TO PROVIDE AN ANNU -
ITY FOR DEPENDENT .—In the case of a person 
described in paragraph (1) who dies after No-vember 23, 2003, the Secretary concerned may, if no other annuity is payable on behalf of that person under this subchapter, pay an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.069 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3815 June 4, 2015 
annuity to a natural person who has an in-
surable interest in such person as if the an-nuity were elected by the person under sub-section (b)(1). The Secretary concerned may pay such an annuity under this paragraph only in the case of a person who is a depend-ent of that deceased person (as defined in section 1072(2) of this title). An annuity under this paragraph shall be computed in the same manner as provided under subpara-graph (B) of subsection (d)(6) for an annuity under that subsection.’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—No annuity payment 
under paragraph (6) of section 1448(f) of title 10, United States Code, as added by para-graph (1) of this subsection, may be made for any period before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(d) A
VAILABILITY OF SPECIAL SURVIVOR IN-
DEMNITY ALLOWANCE .— 
(1) A VAILABILITY .—Section 1450(m)(1)(B) of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or (f)’’ after ‘‘subsection (d)’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—No payment under 
section 1450(m) of title 10, United States Code, by reason of the amendment made by paragraph (1) may be made for any period be-fore the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 1724. Mr. CRUZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1040. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR 
TRANSFER OR RELEASE OF INDIVID-UALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO COUNTRIES COVERED BY DEPARTMENT OF STATE TRAVEL WARNINGS. 
(a) F INDING .—The Senate makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) The Department of State issues travel 
warnings regarding travel to foreign coun-tries for reasons that include ‘‘unstable gov-ernment, civil war, ongoing intense crime or violence, or frequent terrorist attacks’’. 
(2) These travel warnings are issued to 
highlight the ‘‘risks of traveling’’ to par-ticular countries and are left in place until the situation in the country concerned im-proves. 
(b) S
ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the 
Senate that— 
(1) countries that pose such a significant 
travel threat to United States citizens that the Department of State feels obliged to issue a travel warning should not be consid-ered an appropriate recipient of any detainee transferred from United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; and 
(2) if a country is subject to a Department 
of State travel warning, it is highly unlikely that the government of the country can pro-vide the United States Government appro-priate security and assurances regarding the prevention of the recidivism of any detainee so transferred. 
(c) P
ROHIBITION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), no amounts authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise avail-able for the Department of Defense may be used, during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2016, to transfer, release, or as-sist in the transfer or release of any indi-vidual detained in the custody or under the control of the Department of Defense at 
United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay to the custody or control of any country subject to a Department of State travel warning at the time the transfer or release would otherwise occur. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply with respect to any country subject to a travel warning described in that paragraph that is issued solely on the basis of one or more of the following: 
(A) Medical deficiencies, infectious disease 
outbreaks, or other health-related concerns. 
(B) A natural disaster. (C) Criminal activity. 
SA 1725. Mr. WICKER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 315, between lines 18 and 19, insert 
the following: 
(9) A plan to incorporate into pediatric 
care from the Department telehealth serv-ices that provide real-time audio and video communication between a pediatric patient and a health care provider to ensure con-tinuity of care and affordable access by pa-tients to health care providers who are lead-ing providers in their field, including those patients with rare diseases or complex cases. 
SA 1726. Mr. WICKER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 315, between lines 18 and 19, insert 
the following: 
(9) A plan to incorporate into pediatric 
care from the Department telehealth serv-ices that provide real-time audio and video communication between a pediatric patient and a health care provider to ensure con-tinuity of care and affordable access by pa-tients to health care providers who are lead-ing providers in their field, including those patients with rare diseases or complex cases. 
SA 1727. Mr. INHOFE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. 
M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1257. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON OPERATION 
ATLANTIC RESOLVE AND THE EURO-PEAN REASSURANCE INITIATIVE. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) continued United States commitment 
to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and our allies in Europe is critical to peace and stability in the region and critical to United States national security; (2) actions by Russia, including the inva-
sion and occupation of territories of Georgia, the invasion of Ukraine and annexation of Crimea, continued violations of allied air-space by Russian military aircraft, and con-tinued unprofessional and potentially dan-gerous close passes with civilian and mili-tary aircraft and vessels by Russia threaten that peace and stability; 
(3) Operation Atlantic Resolve, launched in 
April 2014, demonstrates the steadfast com-mitment of the United States to our allies in the region against any threat to territorial integrity or sovereignty; 
(4) the European Reassurance Initiative, 
signed into law in December 2014, has im-proved United States and North Atlantic Treaty Organization capability and readiness in Central and Eastern Europe; 
(5) pre-positioning ammunition, fuel, and 
equipment for use in regional training and exercises, as well as improving infrastruc-ture, will enhance North Atlantic Treaty Or-ganization operations and enable Eastern European allies to rapidly receive reinforce-ments; 
(6) increasing the presence of United States 
forces in the region, including naval forces in the Black Sea, Baltic Sea, and Barents Seas, through stepped-up rotations, training, and exercises will enhance and improve United States and North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion interoperability and cooperation; and 
(7) it is in the United States national inter-
est to continue to these efforts while the threat to the territorial integrity and sov-ereignty of our allies persists. 
SA 1728. Mr. INHOFE (for himself, 
Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. K AINE, Mr. T ILLIS , 
Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. S CHATZ , Ms. H IRONO , 
Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. B OOZ-
MAN, Mr. W ARNER , Mr. C ASEY , Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. N ELSON , and Mr. M ARKEY ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 652 and insert the following: 
SEC. 652. REPORT AND ASSESSMENT OF POTEN-
TIAL COSTS AND BENEFITS OF PRIVATIZING DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE COMMISSARIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than February 
1, 2016, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report assessing the viability of privatizing, in whole or in part, the Department of De-fense commissary system. The report shall be so submitted to Congress before the devel-opment of any plans or pilot program to pri-vatize defense commissaries or the defense commissary system. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment required 
by subsection (a) shall include, at a min-imum, the following: 
(1) A methodology for defining the total 
number and locations of commissaries. 
(2) An evaluation of commissary use by lo-
cation in the following beneficiary cat-egories: 
(A) Pay grades E–1 through E–4. (B) Pay grades E–5 through E–7. (C) Pay grades E–8 and E–9. (D) Pay grades O–1 through O–3. (E) Pay grades O–4 through O–6. (F) Pay grades O–7 through O–10. (G) Military retirees. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.069 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3816 June 4, 2015 
(3) An evaluation of commissary use in lo-
cations outside the continental United States and in remote and isolated locations in the continental United States when com-pared with other locations. 
(4) An evaluation of the cost of com-
missary operations during fiscal years 2009 through 2014. 
(5) An assessment of potential savings and 
efficiencies to be achieved through imple-mentation of some or all of recommenda-tions of the Military Compensation and Re-tirement Modernization Commission. 
(6) A description and evaluation of the 
strategy of the Defense Commissary Agency for pricing products sold at commissaries. 
(7) A description and evaluation of the 
transportation strategy of the Defense Com-missary Agency for products sold at com-missaries. 
(8) A description and evaluation of the for-
mula of the Defense Commissary Agency for calculating savings for its customers as a re-sult of its pricing strategy. 
(9) An evaluation of the average savings 
per household garnered by commissary use. 
(10) A description and evaluation of the use 
of private contractors and vendors as part of the defense commissary system. 
(11) An assessment of costs or savings, and 
potential impacts to patrons and the Govern-ment, of privatizing the defense commissary system, including potential increased use of Government assistance programs. 
(12) A description and assessment of poten-
tial barriers to privatization of the defense commissary system. 
(13) An assessment of the extent to which 
patron savings would remain after the pri-vatization of the defense commissary sys-tem. 
(14) An assessment of the impact of any 
recommended changes to the operation of the defense commissary system on com-missary patrons, including morale and reten-tion. 
(15) An assessment of the actual interest of 
major grocery retailers in the management and operations of all, or part, of the existing defense commissary system. 
(16) An assessment of the impact of privat-
ization of the defense commissary system on off-installation prices of similar products available in the system. 
(17) An assessment of the impact of privat-
ization of the defense commissary system, and conversion of the Defense Commissary Agency workforce to non-appropriated fund status, on employment of military family members, particularly with respect to pay, benefits, and job security. 
(18) An assessment of the impact of privat-
ization of the defense commissary system on Exchanges and Morale, Welfare and Recre-ation (MWR) quality-of-life programs. 
(c) U
SE OF PREVIOUS STUDIES .—The Sec-
retary shall consult previous studies and sur-veys on matters appropriate to the report re-quired by subsection (a), including, but not limited to, the following: 
(1) The January 2015 Final Report of the 
Military Compensation and Retirement Mod-ernization Commission. 
(2) The 2014 Military Family Lifestyle Sur-
vey Comprehensive Report. 
(3) The 2013 Living Patterns Survey. (4) The report required by section 634 of the 
Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (Public Law 113-291) on the management, food, and pricing options for the defense commissary system. 
(d) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL ASSESSMENT OF  
REPORT .—Not later than May 1, 2016, the 
Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report setting forth an assess-ment by the Comptroller General of the re-
port required by subsection (a). 
SA 1729. Mr. HATCH submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title I, add the 
following: 
SEC. 152. ADDITIONAL SENSOR SUITES FOR F–22 
AND F–35 AIRCRAFT RADAR CROSS- SECTION FACILITIES. 
(a) A SSESSMENT OF FEASIBILITY OF INCLU -
SION OF SENSORS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall conduct an assessment of the feasi-bility of the inclusion of additional sensor suites to the current radar cross-section fa-cilities for the F–22 aircraft and the F–35 air-craft in order to obtain a prognostic facility capability, benefitting life cycle logistics and sustainment, for low observable aircraft. 
(2) D
ISCHARGE OF ASSESSMENT .—The Sec-
retary shall conduct the assessment through the F–22 Program Office and the Joint Strike Fighter Program Office. 
(b) N
ATURE OF SENSORS ASSESSED .—The ad-
ditional sensors assessed for purposes of sub-section (a) shall be sensors that use the elec-tromagnetic spectrum to automatically cap-ture sustainment and maintenance data re-lated to system and subsystem health, struc-tural integrity, and signature performance of an aircraft, including structural (surface and subsurface) changes effecting the radar sig-nature to enable precise repairs to its coat-ings and shape. 
(c) A
DDITIONAL ELEMENTS OF ASSESS -
MENT .—The assessment conducted pursuant 
to subsection (a) shall also include an assess-ment of the incorporation of prognostic health management, autonomic logistics, and sustainment functions for the additional sensor suite facility capability described in subsection (a). 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report setting forth a plan for the inclusion of addi-tional sensor suites to the current radar cross-section facilities as described in sub-section (a). The plan shall take into account the results of the assessment conducted pur-suant to this section. 
SA 1730. Mr. HATCH submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE 
UNITED STATES REVIEW OF DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE DEFINI-TION OF AND POLICY REGARDING SOFTWARE SUSTAINMENT. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Comptroller General of 
the United States shall review the definition used by the Department of Defense for and the policy of the Department regarding soft-ware maintenance, particularly with respect to the totality of the term ‘‘software 
sustainment’’ in the definition of ‘‘depot- level maintenance and repair’’ under section 2460 of title 10, United States Code. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The review required by 
subsection (a) shall address, with respect to software and weapon systems of the Depart-ment of Defense (including space systems), each of the following: 
(A) Fiscal ramifications of current pro-
grams with regard to the size, scope, and cost of software to the program’s overall budget, including embedded and support soft-ware, percentage of weapon systems’ functionality controlled by software, and re-liance on proprietary data, processes, and components. 
(B) Legal status of the Department in re-
gards to adhering to section 2464(a)(1) of such title with respect to ensuring a ready and controlled source of maintenance (sustainment) on software for its weapon systems. 
(C) Operational risks and reduction to ma-
teriel readiness of current Department weap-on systems related to software costs, delays, re-work, integration and functional testing, defects, and documentation errors. 
(2) A
DDITIONAL MATTERS .—For each of sub-
paragraphs (A) through (C) of paragraph (1), the review required by subsection (a) shall include review and analysis regarding sole- source contracts, range of competition, rights in technical data, public and private capabilities, integration lab initial costs and sustaining operations, and total obligation authority costs of software, disaggregated by armed service, for the Department. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than March 15, 2016, 
the Comptroller General shall submit to the congressional defense committees and the President pro tempore of the Senate a report 
on the policy reviewed under subsection (a) and the findings of the Comptroller General with respect to such review. 
SA 1731. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself 
and Ms. H IRONO ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title VIII, add the following: 
Subtitle F—Construction Consensus 
Procurement Improvement 
SEC. 891. SHORT TITLE. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This subtitle may be 
cited as the ‘‘Construction Consensus Pro-curement Improvement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 892. DESIGN-BUILD CONSTRUCTION PROC-
ESS IMPROVEMENT. 
(a) C IVILIAN CONTRACTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 3309 of title 41, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by amending subsection (b) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(b) C RITERIA FOR USE.— 
‘‘(1) C ONTRACTS WITH A VALUE OF AT LEAST  
$750,000.—Two-phase selection procedures 
shall be used for entering into a contract for the design and construction of a public build-ing, facility, or work when a contracting of-ficer determines that the contract has a value of $750,000 or greater, as adjusted for inflation in accordance with section 1908 of this title. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTRACTS WITH A VALUE LESS THAN  
$750,000.—For projects that a contracting offi-
cer determines have a value of less than 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.067 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3817 June 4, 2015 
$750,000, the contracting officer shall make a 
determination whether two-phase selection procedures are appropriate for use for enter-ing into a contract for the design and con-struction of a public building, facility, or work when— 
‘‘(A) the contracting officer anticipates 
that 3 or more offers will be received for the contract; 
‘‘(B) design work must be performed before 
an offeror can develop a price or cost pro-posal for the contract; 
‘‘(C) the offeror will incur a substantial 
amount of expense in preparing the offer; and 
‘‘(D) the contracting officer has considered 
information such as— 
‘‘(i) the extent to which the project re-
quirements have been adequately defined; 
‘‘(ii) the time constraints for delivery of 
the project; 
‘‘(iii) the capability and experience of po-
tential contractors; 
‘‘(iv) the suitability of the project for use 
of the two-phase selection procedures; 
‘‘(v) the capability of the agency to man-
age the two-phase selection process; and 
‘‘(vi) other criteria established by the 
agency.’’; and 
(B) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘The 
maximum number specified in the solicita-tion shall not exceed 5 unless the agency de-termines with respect to’’ and all that fol-lows through the period at the end and in-serting the following: ‘‘The maximum num-ber specified in the solicitation shall not ex-ceed 5 unless the head of the contracting ac-tivity, delegable to a level no lower than the senior contracting official within the con-tracting activity, approves the contracting officer’s justification that an individual so-licitation must have greater than 5 finalists to be in the Federal Government’s interest. The contracting officer shall provide written documentation of how a maximum number 
of offerors exceeding 5 is consistent with the purposes and objectives of the two-phase se-lection process.’’. 
(2) A
NNUAL REPORTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than November 
30 of 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, and 2020, the head of each agency shall compile an annual re-port of each instance in which the agency awarded a design-build contract pursuant to section 3309 of title 41, United States Code, during the fiscal year ending in such cal-endar year, in which— 
(i) more than 5 finalists were selected for 
phase-two requests for proposals; or 
(ii) the contract was awarded without 
using two-phase selection procedures. 
(B) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Director of 
the Office of Management and Budget shall facilitate public access to the reports, in-cluding by posting them on a publicly avail-able Internet website. A notice of the avail-ability of each report shall be published in the Federal Register. 
(b) D
EFENSE CONTRACTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 2305a of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by amending subsection (b) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(b) C RITERIA FOR USE.— 
‘‘(1) C ONTRACTS WITH A VALUE OF AT LEAST  
$750,000.—Two-phase selection procedures 
shall be used for entering into a contract for the design and construction of a public build-ing, facility, or work when a contracting of-ficer determines that the contract has a value of $750,000 or greater, as adjusted for inflation in accordance with section 1908 of title 41, United States Code. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTRACTS WITH A VALUE LESS THAN  
$750,000.—For projects that a contracting offi-
cer determines have a value of less than $750,000, the contracting officer shall make a determination whether two-phase selection procedures are appropriate for use for enter-
ing into a contract for the design and con-struction of a public building, facility, or work when— 
‘‘(A) the contracting officer anticipates 
that 3 or more offers will be received for the contract; 
‘‘(B) design work must be performed before 
an offeror can develop a price or cost pro-posal for the contract; 
‘‘(C) the offeror will incur a substantial 
amount of expense in preparing the offer; and 
‘‘(D) the contracting officer has considered 
information such as— 
‘‘(i) the extent to which the project re-
quirements have been adequately defined; 
‘‘(ii) the time constraints for delivery of 
the project; 
‘‘(iii) the capability and experience of po-
tential contractors; 
‘‘(iv) the suitability of the project for use 
of the two-phase selection procedures; 
‘‘(v) the capability of the agency to man-
age the two-phase selection process; and 
‘‘(vi) other criteria established by the De-
partment of Defense.’’; and 
(B) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘The 
maximum number specified in the solicita-tion shall not exceed 5 unless the agency de-termines with respect to’’ and all that fol-lows through the period at the end and in-serting the following: ‘‘The maximum num-ber specified in the solicitation shall not ex-ceed 5 unless the head of the contracting ac-tivity approves the contracting officer’s jus-tification that an individual solicitation must have greater than 5 finalists to be in the Federal Government’s interest. The con-tracting officer shall provide written docu-mentation of how a maximum number of offerors exceeding 5 is consistent with the purposes and objectives of the two-phase se-lection process.’’. 
(2) A
NNUAL REPORTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than November 
30 of 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, and 2020, the Sec-retary of Defense shall compile an annual re-port of each instance in which the Depart-ment awarded a design-build contract pursu-ant to section 2305a of title 10, United States Code, during the fiscal year ending in such calendar year, in which— 
(i) more than 5 finalists were selected for 
phase-two requests for proposals; or 
(ii) the contract was awarded without 
using two-phase selection procedures. 
(B) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Director of 
the Office of Management and Budget shall facilitate public access to the reports, in-cluding by posting them on a publicly avail-able Internet website. A notice of the avail-ability of each report shall be published in the Federal Register. 
(c) GAO R
EPORTS .— 
(1) C IVILIAN CONTRACTS .—Not later than 270 
days after the deadline for the final reports 
required under subsection (f) of section 3309 of title 41, United States Code, as added by subsection (a)(1), the Comptroller General of the United States shall issue a report ana-lyzing the compliance of the various Federal agencies with the requirements of such sec-tion. 
(2) D
EFENSE CONTRACTS .—Not later than 270 
days after the deadline for the final reports required under subsection (f) of section 2305a of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (b)(1), the Comptroller General of the United States shall issue a report ana-lyzing the compliance of the Department of Defense with the requirements of such sec-tion. SEC. 893. PROHIBITION ON THE USE OF A RE-
VERSE AUCTION FOR THE AWARD OF A CONTRACT FOR DESIGN AND CONSTRUCTION SERVICES. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council, in consultation with the Administrator for Federal Procurement Policy, shall amend the Federal Acquisition Regulation to pro-hibit the use of reverse auctions for award-ing contracts for construction and design services. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-
tion— 
(1) the term ‘‘design and construction serv-
ices’’ means— 
(A) site planning and landscape design; (B) architectural and engineering services 
(including surveying and mapping defined in section 1101 of title 40, United States Code); 
(C) interior design; (D) performance of construction work for 
facility, infrastructure, and environmental restoration projects; 
(E) delivery and supply of construction ma-
terials to construction sites; and 
(F) construction or substantial alteration 
or repair of public buildings or public works; and 
(2) the term ‘‘reverse auction’’ means, with 
respect to procurement by an agency— 
(A) a real-time auction conducted through 
an electronic medium between a group of offerors who compete against each other by submitting bids for a contract or task order with the ability to submit revised bids throughout the course of the auction; and 
(B) the award of the contract or task order 
to the offeror who submits the lowest bid. 
SEC. 894. ASSURING PAYMENT PROTECTIONS 
FOR CONSTRUCTION SUBCONTRAC-TORS AND SUPPLIERS UNDER AN ALTERNATIVE TO A MILLER ACT PAYMENT BOND. 
Chapter 93 of subtitle VI of title 31, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) by adding at the end the following new 
section: 
‘‘§ 9310. Individual sureties 
‘‘If another applicable law or regulation 
permits the acceptance of a bond from a sur-ety that is not subject to sections 9305 and 9306 and is based on a pledge of assets by the surety, the assets pledged by such surety shall— 
‘‘(1) consist of eligible obligations de-
scribed under section 9303(a); and 
‘‘(2) be submitted to the official of the Gov-
ernment required to approve or accept the bond, who shall deposit the assets with a de-pository described under section 9303(b).’’; and 
(2) in the table of sections for such chapter, 
by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘9310. Individual sureties.’’. 
SEC. 895. SBA SURETY BOND GUARANTEE PRO-
GRAM. 
Section 411(c)(1) of the Small Business In-
vestment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 694b(c)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘70’’ and inserting ‘‘90’’. 
SA 1732. Mr. DAINES submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the 
following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.072 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3818 June 4, 2015 
SEC. 1065. REPORT ON THE LOCATION OF C–130 
MODULAR AIRBORNE FIREFIGHTING SYSTEM UNITS. 
Not later than September 30, 2016, the Sec-
retary of the Air Force shall submit to Con-gress a report setting forth an assessment of the locations of C–130 Modular Airborne Firefighting System (MAFFS) units. The re-port shall include the following: 
(1) A list of the C–130 Modular Airborne 
Firefighting System units of the Air Force. 
(2) The utilization rates of the units listed 
under paragraph (1). 
(3) A future force allocation determination 
with respect to such units in order to achieve the most efficient use of such units 
(4) An assessment of opportunities to ex-
pand coverage of C–130 Modular Airborne Firefighting System units in States most prone to wildfires. 
SA 1733. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, 
Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. C ASSIDY ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1065. REPORT ON PLANS FOR THE USE OF 
DOMESTIC AIRFIELDS FOR HOME-LAND DEFENSE AND DISASTER RE-SPONSE. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of Transpor-
tation, submit to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress a report setting forth an as-sessment of the plans for airfields in the United States that are required to support homeland defense and local disaster response missions. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—The report shall in-
clude the following items: 
(1) The criteria used to determine the capa-
bilities and locations of airfields in the United States needed to support safe oper-ations of military aircraft in the execution of homeland defense and local disaster re-sponse missions. 
(2) A description of the processes and pro-
cedures in place to ensure that contingency plans for the use of airfields in the United States that support both military and civil-ian air operations are coordinated among the Department of Defense and other Federal agencies with jurisdiction over those air-fields. 
(3) An assessment of the impact, if any, to 
logistics and resource planning as a result of the reduction of certain capabilities of air-fields in the United States that support both military and civilian air operations. 
(4) A review of the existing agreements and 
authorities between the Commander of the United States Northern Command and the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration that allow for consultation on decisions that impact the capabilities of air-fields in the United States that support both military and civilian air operations. 
(c) F
ORM.—The report under subsection (a) 
shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees 
of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernment Affairs, and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Homeland Security, and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives. 
(2) C
APABILITIES OF AIRFIELDS .—The term 
‘‘capabilities of airfields’’ means the length and width of runways, taxiways, and aprons, the operation of navigation aids and light-ing, the operation of fuel storage, distribu-tion, and refueling systems, and the avail-ability of air traffic control services. 
(3) A
IRFIELDS IN THE UNITED STATES THAT  
SUPPORT BOTH MILITARY AND CIVILIAN AIR OP -
ERATIONS .—The term ‘‘airfields in the United 
States that support both military and civil-ian air operations’’ means the following: 
(A) Airports that are designated as joint 
use facilities pursuant to section 47175 of title 49, United States Code, in which both the military and civil aviation have shared use of the airfield. 
(B) Airports used by the military that have 
a permanent military aviation presence at the airport pursuant to a memorandum of agreement or tenant lease with the airport owner that is in effect on the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
SA 1734. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself 
and Mr. G RASSLEY ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. REPORT ON COUNTER-DRUG EFFORTS 
IN AFGHANISTAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide a re-port to Congress that outlines— 
(1) the counter-narcotics goals of the De-
partment of Defense in Afghanistan; and 
(2) how the Secretary of Defense will co-
ordinate the counter-drug efforts of the De-partment of Defense with other Federal agencies to ensure an integrated, effective counter-narcotics strategy is implemented in Afghanistan. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report submitted under 
subsection (a) shall— 
(1) include information as to how the Sec-
retary of Defense will evaluate the counter- 
drug efforts of the Department of Defense for success in Afghanistan; and 
(2) outline the process by which the Sec-
retary of Defense will determine whether to continue each of the counter-drug initiatives of the Department of Defense in Afghani-stan. 
SA 1735. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add 
the following: SEC. 738. STUDY ON REDUCING STIGMA AND IM-
PROVING TREATMENT OF POST- TRAUMATIC STRESS DISORDER AMONG MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND VETERANS. 
(a) S TUDY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly conduct a study on reducing the stig-ma and improving the treatment of post- traumatic stress disorder among members of the Armed Forces and veterans. 
(2) C
ONSULTATION .—In conducting the 
study required by paragraph (1), the Sec-retary of Defense and the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall consult with individuals with relevant experience relating to post- traumatic stress disorder, the treatment of post-traumatic stress disorder, and the im-pact of post-traumatic stress disorder on members of the Armed Forces, veterans, and their families, including the following: 
(A) Representatives of military service or-
ganizations. 
(B) Representatives of veterans service or-
ganizations. 
(C) Health professionals with experience in 
treating members of the Armed Forces and veterans with mental illness, including those health professionals who work for the Fed-eral Government and those who do not. 
(3) E
LEMENTS .—In conducting the study re-
quired by paragraph (1), the Secretary of De-fense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall assess the following: 
(A) The feasibility and advisability of 
strategies to improve the treatment of the full spectrum of post-traumatic stress dis-order among members of the Armed Forces and veterans. 
(B) The feasibility and advisability of 
strategies to diminish the stigma attached to post-traumatic stress disorder among members of the Armed Forces, veterans, and the public in general. 
(C) The impact of the term ‘‘disorder’’ on 
the stigma attached to post-traumatic stress disorder among members of the Armed Forces and veterans, including the impact of dropping the term ‘‘disorder’’, when medi-cally appropriate, when referring to post- traumatic stress. 
(D) Whether using the term ‘‘disorder’’ is 
the most accurate way to describe post-trau-matic stress disorder in instances in which members of the Armed Forces and veterans have experienced traumatic events but have not been formally diagnosed with post-trau-matic stress disorder. 
(E) Whether there is a need to update the 
next version of the VA/DOD Clinical Practice Guideline for Management of Post-Trau-
matic Stress published by the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Af-fairs after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(F) Whether there is a need to update in-
formation provided to members of the Armed Forces and veterans, including information on Internet websites of the Department of Defense or the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, on post-traumatic stress disorder to re-duce the stigma and more accurately de-scribe the medical conditions for which members of the Armed Forces and veterans are receiving treatment. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the results of the study required by sub-section (a), including recommendations for any actions that the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs can take to reduce the stigma and improve the treatment of post-traumatic stress disorder among members of the Armed Forces and veterans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.072 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3819 June 4, 2015 
(c) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees 
of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives. 
(2) V
ETERANS SERVICE ORGANIZATION .—The 
term ‘‘veterans service organization’’ means an organization recognized by the Secretary for the representation of veterans under sec-tion 5902 of title 38, United States Code. 
SA 1736. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself 
and Mr. M ORAN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. VOLUNTARY NATIONAL DIRECTORY OF 
VETERANS. 
(a) P ROGRAM REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans 
Affairs, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, shall establish a program to fa-cilitate outreach to veterans by covered en-tities. 
(2) C
OVERED ENTITIES .—For purposes of this 
section, a covered entity is any of the fol-lowing: 
(A) The Department of Veterans Affairs. (B) The agency or department of a State 
that is the primary agency or department of the State for the administration of benefits and services for veterans in the State. 
(C) A political subdivision of a State. (D) An Indian tribe (as defined in section 4 
of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b)). 
(3) N
ATIONAL DIRECTORY .—To carry out the 
program required by paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall— 
(A) establish a national directory of vet-
erans as described in subsection (b); and 
(B) share information in the directory in 
accordance with subsection (c). 
(b) N
ATIONAL DIRECTORY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans 
Affairs shall establish the national directory required by subsection (a)(3) using informa-tion received from the Secretary of Defense under subsection (d)(4). 
(2) U
PDATES .—The Secretary of Veterans 
Affairs shall ensure that the national direc-tory includes a mechanism by which a par-ticipating individual can update the infor-mation in the national directory that per-
tains to the participating individual. 
(3) D
ISENROLLMENT .—The Secretary shall 
establish a mechanism by which a partici-pating individual can indicate to the Sec-retary that the individual would no longer like to receive information from partici-pating entities under the program. 
(4) R
EENROLLMENT .—The Secretary shall 
establish a mechanism for the inclusion of information in the national directory of indi-viduals who were previously participating in-dividuals but who had made an indication under paragraph (3) and subsequently indi-cate that they would like to receive informa-tion from participating entities under the program. (5) P
RIVACY AND SECURITY .—The Secretary 
shall take such actions as the Secretary con-siders appropriate to protect— 
(A) the privacy of individuals participating 
in the program; and 
(B) the security of the information stored 
in the national directory. 
(6) E
BENEFITS .—The Secretary of Veterans 
Affairs may use the system and architecture of the eBenefits Internet website of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs to support and operate the national directory as the Sec-retary considers appropriate. 
(c) O
UTREACH .— 
(1) S HARING OF DIRECTORY INFORMATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), in order to connect partici-pating individuals with information about the programs they could be eligible for or services, support, and information they may be interested in receiving, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs may share, under the pro-gram established under subsection (a)(1), in-formation in the national directory con-cerning such individuals with entities appli-cable to participating individuals. 
(B) E
NTITIES APPLICABLE TO PARTICIPATING  
INDIVIDUALS .—For purposes of this sub-
section, an entity that is applicable to a par-ticipating individual is a covered entity from whom a participating individual has ex-pressed interest in receiving information under the program. 
(C) U
PDATED INFORMATION .—In a case in 
which a participating individual updates the information pertaining to the participating individual under subsection (b)(2), the Sec-retary shall transmit such information to each entity applicable to the participating individual. 
(D) N
OTIFICATION OF DISENROLLMENT .—In a 
case in which a participating individual indi-cates to the Secretary under subsection (b)(3) that the individual would no longer like to receive information from partici-pating entities under the program, the Sec-retary shall inform each entity applicable to the participating individual that the indi-vidual would no longer like to receive infor-mation from the entity under the program. 
(2) L
IMITATIONS .— 
(A) L IMITATIONS ON THE SECRETARY .— 
(i) I NFORMATION SHARED .—Under the pro-
gram, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs may only share from the national directory the following: 
(I) The name of a participating individual. (II) The e-mail address of a participating 
individual. 
(III) The postal address of a participating 
individual. 
(IV) The phone number of a participating 
individual. 
(ii) P
ROHIBITION ON SALE OF INFORMATION .— 
The Secretary may not sell any information collected under this section. 
(iii) E
NTITIES .—The Secretary may not 
share any information collected under the program with any entity that is not a par-ticipating entity. 
(B) L
IMITATIONS ON PARTICIPATING ENTI -
TIES.— 
(i) S HARING WITH THIRD -PARTY AND FOR - 
PROFIT ENTITIES .—As a condition of partici-
pation in the program, a participating entity shall agree not to share any information the participating entity receives under the pro-gram with any third-party or for-profit enti-ties. 
(ii) P
URCHASES OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES .— 
As a condition of participation in the pro-gram, a participating entity shall agree not to include in any information sent by the participating entity to a participating indi-vidual a requirement that the participating individual or the family of the participating individual purchase a product or service. (iii) P
OLITICAL COMMUNICATION .—As a con-
dition of participation in the program, a par-ticipating entity shall agree not to use any information received under the program for any political communication. 
(3) D
ISENROLLMENT BY PARTICIPATING ENTI -
TIES.—The Secretary shall establish a mech-
anism by which a participating entity may indicate to the Secretary that the partici-pating entity would no longer like to receive information about participating individuals from the national directory. 
(4) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .— 
(A) C ONSOLIDATION OF REQUESTS .—It is the 
sense of Congress that covered entities de-scribed in subsection (a)(2)(C) who are lo-cated in the same region should work to-gether in a manner such that only one of them requests receipt of information under the program. 
(B) C
OLLABORATION .—It is the sense of Con-
gress that covered entities described in sub-section (a)(2)(C) should work with third par-ties, such as veterans service organizations, military community groups, and other enti-ties with an interest in assisting veterans, to develop the information the covered entities send to participating individuals under the program. 
(5) P
UBLICITY .—The Secretary shall develop 
a plan to publicize the program and inform covered entities of the benefits of partici-pating in the program. 
(d) C
OLLECTION OF CONTACT INFORMATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—To each member of the 
Armed Forces separating from service in the Armed Forces, the Secretary of Defense shall provide a form for the collection of informa-tion to be included in the national directory established under subsection (a). 
(2) F
ORM.— 
(A) D EVELOPMENT .—The Secretary of De-
fense shall, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs, develop the form provided under paragraph (1). 
(B) E
LEMENTS .—The form developed under 
subparagraph (A) shall allow a member of the Armed Forces who is in the process of separating from service in the Armed Forces to indicate the following: 
(i) Where the member intends to reside 
after separation. 
(ii) How the individual can best be con-
tacted, such as a telephone number, an e- 
mail address, or a postal address. 
(iii) For which types of benefits and serv-
ices the member would like to receive com-munication and outreach, such as health care, education, employment, and housing. 
(iv) From which of the following the mem-
ber would like to receive the communication and outreach specified under clause (iii): 
(I) The Department of Veterans Affairs. (II) The agency or department of the State 
in which the member intends to reside after separation that is the primary agency or de-partment of the State for the administration of benefits and services for veterans in the State. 
(III) A political subdivision of a State. (C) N
OTICE .—The form developed under 
subparagraph (A) shall include notice of the following: 
(i) Information provided to agencies and 
departments described in subparagraph (B)(iv)(III) will only be provided as author-ized and upon request by such agencies and departments. 
(ii) Political subdivisions of States that re-
ceive information under the program estab-lished under subsection (a) may— 
(I) share such information with such non-
profit organizations as the political subdivi-sions consider appropriate; and 
(II) work with such organizations to pro-
vide the veterans with relevant information about benefits and services offered by such organizations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.072 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3820 June 4, 2015 
(iii) Information provided on the form de-
veloped under subparagraph (A) will never be sold, provided to a for-profit entity, or used to send any sort of political communication. 
(D) M
ANNER .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall ensure that the form provided under paragraph (1) is not primarily electronic in nature. 
(3) V
OLUNTARY PARTICIPATION .—The Sec-
retary of Defense shall ensure that comple-tion of the form provided under paragraph (1) is voluntary and submittal of such form to the Secretary by a member of the Armed Forces shall be considered an indication to the Secretary that the member would like to receive information from participating enti-ties under the program. 
(4) T
RANSMITTAL OF INFORMATION TO SEC -
RETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS .—Not later 
than 30 days after the date on which a mem-ber of the Armed Forces who submitted in-formation to the Secretary of Defense under this subsection separates from service in the Armed Forces, the Secretary of Defense shall transmit such information to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. 
(5) P
RIVACY AND SECURITY .—The Secretary 
of Defense shall take such actions as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect— 
(A) the privacy of individuals who submit 
information under this subsection; and 
(B) the security of such information— (i) while it is in the possession of the Sec-
retary; and 
(ii) while it is in transit to the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs. 
(6) I
NTEGRATION WITH TRANSITION ASSIST -
ANCE PROGRAM .—The Secretary of Defense 
and the Secretary of Labor shall jointly take such actions as the secretaries consider ap-propriate to integrate the collection of infor-mation under this subsection into the Tran-sition Assistance Program. 
(e) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of Defense shall jointly submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a re-port on the program established under sub-section (a)(1). 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report submitted under 
paragraph (1) shall include an examination and assessment of the following: 
(A) The signup process and the effective-
ness of the forms developed and provided under subsection (d). 
(B) The ways in which contact information 
is transferred from the Secretary of Defense to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs under the program and the plans of the secretaries to overcome challenges encountered by the secretaries in transferring such information. 
(C) The number of covered entities de-
scribed in subsection (a)(2)(C) participating in the program and any challenges they re-port in receiving the contact information from the Secretary of Veterans Affairs under the program. 
(D) The effectiveness of efforts of the Sec-
retary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of Defense to protect the personal informa-tion of participating individuals. 
(E) The effectiveness of efforts of covered 
entities described in subsection (a)(2)(C) to protect the personal information of partici-pating individuals. 
(F) Whether additional limitations on the 
use of information collected under the pro-gram are necessary to protect participating individuals from unwanted contact, or con-tact that is inconsistent with the program. 
(G) Whether participating individuals are 
benefitting by participating in the program and whether changing the program would improve such benefits. 
(H) The overall participation in the pro-
gram, utilization of the program, and how such participation and utilization could be 
improved. 
(I) Such other matters as the secretaries 
consider appropriate. 
(3) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘ap-
propriate committees of Congress’’ means the following: 
(A) The Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, 
the Committee on Armed Services, and the Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-ate. 
(B) The Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, 
the Committee on Armed Services, and the Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) P ARTICIPATING ENTITY .—The term ‘‘par-
ticipating entity’’ means a covered entity that has indicated to the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs that the covered entity would like to receive information about partici-pating individuals from the national direc-tory and has made no subsequent indication that the covered entity would like to stop re-ceiving such information. 
(2) P
ARTICIPATING INDIVIDUAL .—The term 
‘‘participating individual’’ means an indi-vidual with respect to whom information is stored in the national directory and who has indicated to the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs or the Secretary of Defense that the in-dividual would like to receive information from participating entities under the pro-gram and has made no subsequent indication that the individual would like to stop receiv-ing such information. 
SA 1737. Mr. MENENDEZ (for him-
self, Mr. B ROWN , and Mr. B OOKER ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. llll . NOTICE OF STATUS AS AN ACTIVE 
DUTY MILITARY CONSUMER. 
The Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 
1681 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 605, by adding at the end the 
following: 
‘‘(i) N OTICE OF STATUS AS AN ACTIVE DUTY 
MILITARY CONSUMER .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—With respect to an item 
of adverse information about a consumer, if the action or inaction that gave rise to the item occurred while the consumer was an ac-tive duty military consumer, the consumer may provide appropriate proof, including of-
ficial orders, to a consumer reporting agency that the consumer was an active duty mili-tary consumer at the time such action or in-action occurred, and any consumer report provided by the consumer reporting agency that includes the item shall clearly and con-spicuously disclose that the consumer was an active duty military consumer when the action or inaction that gave rise to the item occurred. 
‘‘(2) M
ODEL FORM .—The Bureau shall pre-
pare a model form, which shall be made pub-licly available, including in an electronic format, by which a consumer may— 
‘‘(A) notify, and provide appropriate proof 
to, a consumer reporting agency in a simple and easy manner, including electronically, 
that the consumer is or was an active duty military consumer; and 
‘‘(B) provide contact information of the 
consumer for the purpose of communicating with the consumer while the consumer is an active duty military consumer. 
‘‘(3) N
O ADVERSE CONSEQUENCES .—A notice, 
pursuant to a model form or otherwise, that a consumer is or was an active duty military consumer shall not itself (without regard to other considerations) provide the basis for any of the following: 
‘‘(A) With respect to a credit transaction 
between a creditor and the consumer— 
‘‘(i) a denial or revocation of credit by the 
creditor; 
‘‘(ii) a change by the creditor in the terms 
of an existing credit arrangement; or 
‘‘(iii) a refusal by the creditor to grant 
credit to the consumer in substantially the amount or on substantially the terms re-quested. 
‘‘(B) An adverse report relating to the 
creditworthiness of the consumer by or to a person engaged in the practice of assembling or evaluating consumer credit information. 
‘‘(C) Except as otherwise provided in this 
Act, an annotation in a consumer’s record by a creditor or a person engaged in the prac-tice of assembling or evaluating consumer credit information, identifying the consumer as an active duty military consumer.’’; 
(2) in section 605A— (A) in subsection (c)— (i) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and 
(3) as subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C), respec-tively, and adjusting the margins accord-ingly; 
(ii) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘Upon’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Upon’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) N
EGATIVE INFORMATION NOTIFICATION .— 
If a consumer reporting agency receives an item of adverse information about a con-sumer who has provided appropriate proof that the consumer is an active duty military consumer, the consumer reporting agency shall notify the consumer, according to a fre-quency, manner, and timeliness determined by the Bureau or specified by the consumer— 
‘‘(A) that the consumer reporting agency 
has received the item of adverse informa-tion, along with a description of the item; and 
‘‘(B) the method by which the consumer 
may dispute the validity of the item. 
‘‘(3) C
ONTACT INFORMATION FOR ACTIVE DUTY  
MILITARY CONSUMERS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If a consumer who has 
provided appropriate proof to a consumer re-porting agency that the consumer is an ac-tive duty military consumer provides the consumer reporting agency with contact in-formation for the purpose of communicating with the consumer while the consumer is an active duty military consumer, the con-sumer reporting agency shall use such con-tact information for all communications while the consumer is an active duty mili-tary consumer. 
‘‘(B) D
IRECT REQUEST .—Unless the con-
sumer opts out, the provision of appropriate proof that a consumer is an active duty mili-tary consumer shall be treated as a direct re-quest for an active duty alert under para-graph (1). 
‘‘(4) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that any person making use of a consumer report that contains an item of ad-verse information should, if the action or in-action that gave rise to the item occurred while the consumer was an active duty mili-tary consumer, take such fact into account when evaluating the creditworthiness of the consumer.’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.070 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3821 June 4, 2015 
(B) in subsection (e), by striking paragraph 
(3) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(3) subparagraphs (A) and (B) of sub-
section (c)(1), in the case of a referral under subsection (c)(1)(C).’’; and 
(3) in section 611(a)(1), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(D) N
OTICE OF DISPUTE RELATED TO ACTIVE  
DUTY MILITARY CONSUMERS .—With respect to 
an item of information described under sub-paragraph (A) that is under dispute, if the consumer to whom the item relates has noti-fied the consumer reporting agency, and has provided appropriate proof, that the con-sumer was an active duty military consumer at the time the action or inaction that gave rise to the disputed item occurred, the con-sumer reporting agency shall— 
‘‘(i) include such fact in the file of the con-
sumer; and 
‘‘(ii) indicate such fact in each consumer 
report that includes the disputed item.’’. 
SA 1738. Mrs. M CCASKILL submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 419, line 22, insert ‘‘, or that the 
item no longer meets the definition of a commercial item’’ after ‘‘based on inad-equate information’’. 
SA 1739. Mrs. M CCASKILL submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. CONFLICT OF INTEREST CERTIFI-
CATION FOR INVESTIGATIONS RE-LATING TO WHISTLEBLOWER RE-TALIATION. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘covered employee’’ means a 
whistleblower who is an employee of the De-partment of Defense or a military depart-ment, or an employee of a contractor, sub-contractor, grantee, or subgrantee thereof; 
(2) the term ‘‘covered investigation’’ means 
an investigation carried out by an Inspector General of a military department or the In-spector General of the Department of De-fense relating to— 
(A) a retaliatory personnel action taken 
against a member of the Armed Forces under section 1034 of title 10, United States Code; or 
(B) any retaliatory action taken against a 
covered employee; and 
(3) the term ‘‘military department’’ means 
each of the departments described in section 104 of title 5, United States Code. 
(b) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Each investigator in-
volved in a covered investigation shall sub-mit to the Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Defense or the Inspector General of the military department, as applicable, a certification that there was no conflict of in-terest between the investigator, any witness involved in the covered investigation, and the covered employee or member of the 
Armed Forces, as applicable, during the con-duct of the covered investigation. 
(2) S
TANDARDIZED FORM .—The Inspector 
General of the Department of Defense shall develop a standardized form to be used by each investigator to submit the certification required under paragraph (1). 
(3) I
NVESTIGATIVE FILE .—Each certification 
submitted under paragraph (1) shall be in-cluded in the file of the applicable covered investigation. 
SA 1740. Mrs. M CCASKILL submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 
for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 564, after line 25, add the fol-
lowing: 
(d) R EPORT .— 
(1) D EFINITION .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘‘covered employee’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1599e of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a)(1). 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall submit to Congress a report regarding covered employees hired into a probationary status during the 10-year period ending on the date of enactment of this Act, which shall include the number of covered employ-ees— 
(A) hired during the period; (B) whose appointment became final after 
the probationary period; 
(C) who were subject to disciplinary action 
or termination during the 5-year period be-ginning on the date on which the appoint-ment of the covered employee became final; 
(D) who were subject to disciplinary action 
during the probationary period; 
(E) who were terminated before the ap-
pointment of the covered employee became final; and 
(F) who, after being subject to disciplinary 
action or terminated, raised a claim that the disciplinary action or termination was taken because of a disclosure of information by the covered employee that the covered employee reasonably believed evidenced— 
(i) any violation of any law, rule, or regu-
lation; or 
(ii) gross mismanagement, a gross waste of 
funds, an abuse of authority, or a substantial and specific danger to public health or safe-ty. 
SA 1741. Mrs. M CCASKILL submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 354, beginning on line 11, strike 
‘‘policy.’’ and all that follows through line 20 and insert the following: ‘‘policy, with at least one member representing the interests of the taxpayer. In making appointments to the advisory panel, the Under Secretary shall ensure that the members of the panel reflect diverse experiences in the public and private sectors. 
(c) D
UTIES .—The panel shall— (1) review the acquisition regulations ap-
plicable to the Department of Defense with a view toward streamlining and improving the efficiency and effectiveness of the defense ac-quisition process, maintaining defense tech-nology advantage, and protecting the best interests of the taxpayer; and 
SA 1742. Mrs. M CCASKILL submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 
for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title VIII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 884. PROTECTION FOR CONTRACTORS AND 
GRANTEES FROM REPRISAL FOR DISCLOSURE OF CERTAIN INFORMA-TION. 
(a) E LIMINATION OF SUNSET PROVISION .— 
Section 4712 of title 41, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (i). 
(b) E
XTENSION OF PROTECTIONS TO GRANT -
EES.—Such section is further amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘subcontractor, or grantee’’ 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘subcon-tractor, grantee, or subgrantee’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘, and 
grantees’’ and inserting ‘‘, grantees, and sub-grantees’’. 
SA 1743. Mrs. M CCASKILL submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title VIII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 884. EXTENSION OF WHISTLEBLOWER PRO-
TECTIONS FOR DEFENSE CON-TRACTOR EMPLOYEES TO EMPLOY-EES OF CONTRACTORS OF THE ELE-MENTS OF THE INTELLIGENCE COM-MUNITY. 
(a) C ONTRACTORS OF DOD AND RELATED  
AGENCIES .—Subsection (e) of section 2409 of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(e) D
ISCLOSURES WITHRESPECT TO ELE-
MENTS OF INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY AND IN-
TELLIGENCE -RELATED ACTIVITIES .—(1) Any 
disclosure under this section by an employee of a contractor, subcontractor, or grantee of an element of the intelligence community (as defined in section 3(4) of the National Se-curity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)) with re-spect to an element of the intelligence com-munity or an activity of an element of the intelligence community shall comply with applicable provisions of section 17(d)(5) of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3517(d)(5)) and section 8H of the In-spector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) 
‘‘(2) Any disclosure described in paragraph 
(1) of information required by Executive order to be kept classified in the interests of national defense or the conduct of foreign af-fairs that is made to a court shall be treated by the court in a manner consistent with the interests of the national security of the United States, including through the use of summaries or ex parte submissions if the ele-ment of the intelligence community award-ing the contract or grant concerned advises 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.070 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3822 June 4, 2015 
the court that the national security inter-
ests of the United States warrant the use of such summaries or submissions.’’. 
(b) P
ILOT PROGRAM ON OTHER CONTRACTOR  
EMPLOYEES .—Subsection (f) of section 4712 of 
title 41, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(f) D
ISCLOSURES WITHRESPECT TO ELE-
MENTS OF INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY AND IN-
TELLIGENCE -RELATED ACTIVITIES .— 
‘‘(1) M ANNER OF DISCLOSURES .—Any disclo-
sure under this section by an employee of a contractor, subcontractor, or grantee of an element of the intelligence community (as defined in section 3(4) of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)) with re-spect to an element of the intelligence com-munity or an activity of an element of the intelligence community shall comply with applicable provisions of section 17(d)(5) of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3517(d)(5)) and section 8H of the In-spector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) 
‘‘(2) T
REATMENT BY COURTS .—Any disclo-
sure described in paragraph (1) of informa-tion required by Executive order to be kept classified in the interests of national defense or the conduct of foreign affairs that is made to a court shall be treated by the court in a manner consistent with the interests of the national security of the United States, in-cluding through the use of summaries or ex parte submissions if the element of the intel-ligence community awarding the contract or grant concerned advises the court that the national security interests of the United States warrant the use of such summaries or submissions.’’. 
SA 1744. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. AUTHORIZATION OF CERTAIN MAJOR 
MEDICAL FACILITY PROJECTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS FOR WHICH AMOUNTS HAVE BEEN APPROPRIATED. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The Consolidated and Further Con-
tinuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235) appropriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs— 
(A) $35,000,000 to make seismic corrections 
to Building 205 in the West Los Angeles Med-ical Center of the Department in Los Ange-les, California, which, according to the De-partment, is a building that is designated as having an exceptionally high risk of sus-taining substantial damage or collapsing during an earthquake; 
(B) $101,900,000 to replace the community 
living center and mental health facilities of the Department in Long Beach, California, which, according to the Department, are des-ignated as having an exceptionally high risk of sustaining substantial damage or col-lapsing during an earthquake; 
(C) $187,500,000 to replace the existing spi-
nal cord injury clinic of the Department in San Diego, California, which, according to the Department, is designated as having an extremely high risk of sustaining major damage during an earthquake; and 
(D) $122,400,000 to make renovations to ad-
dress substantial safety and compliance issues at the medical center of the Depart-
ment in Canandaigua, New York, and for the construction of a new clinic and community living center at such medical center. 
(2) The Department is unable to obligate or 
expend the amounts described in paragraph (1) because it lacks an explicit authorization by an Act of Congress pursuant to section 8104(a)(2) of title 38, United States Code, to carry out the major medical facility projects described in such paragraph. 
(3) Among the major medical facility 
projects described in paragraph (1), three are critical seismic safety projects in California. 
(4) Every day that the critical seismic safe-
ty projects described in paragraph (3) are de-layed puts the lives of veterans and employ-ees of the Department at risk. 
(5) According to the United States Geologi-
cal Survey— 
(A) California has a 99 percent chance or 
greater of experiencing an earthquake of magnitude 6.7 or greater in the next 30 years; 
(B) even earthquakes of less severity than 
magnitude 6.7 can cause life threatening damage to seismically unsafe buildings; and 
(C) in California, earthquakes of mag-
nitude 6.0 or greater occur on average once every 1.2 years. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs may carry out the major med-ical facility projects of the Department of Veterans Affairs specified in the explanatory statement accompanying the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235) at the locations and in the amounts specified in such explanatory statement, including by obligating and ex-pending such amounts. 
SA 1745. Mr. PETERS (for himself, 
Ms. H IRONO , and Mr. W YDEN ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the 
following: 
SEC. 314. ESTABLISHMENT OF DEPARTMENT OF 
DEFENSE ALTERNATIVE FUELED VE-HICLE INFRASTRUCTURE FUND. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF FUND.—There is es-
tablished in the Treasury a fund to be known as the ‘‘Department of Defense Alternative Fuel Vehicle Infrastructure Fund’’. 
(b) D
EPOSITS .—The Fund shall consist of 
the following: 
(1) Amounts appropriated to the Fund. (2) Amounts earned through investment 
under subsection (c). 
(3) Any other amounts made available to 
the Fund by law. 
(c) I
NVESTMENTS .—The Secretary shall in-
vest any part of the Fund that the Secretary decides is not required to meet current ex-penses. Each investment shall be made in an interest-bearing obligation of the United States Government, or an obligation that has its principal and interest guaranteed by the Government, that the Secretary decides has a maturity suitable for the Fund. 
(d) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Amounts in the Fund 
shall be available to the Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, to install, operate, and maintain alternative fuel dispensing stations for use by alter-native fueled vehicles of the Department of Defense and other infrastructure necessary to fuel alternative fueled vehicles of the De-partment. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A LTERNATIVE FUEL .—The term ‘‘alter-
native fuel’’ has the meaning given such term in section 32901 of title 49, United States Code. 
(2) A
LTERNATIVE FUELED VEHICLE .—The 
term ‘‘alternative fueled vehicle’’ means a vehicle that operates on alternative fuel. 
(3) F
UND.—The term ‘‘Fund’’ means the 
fund established under subsection (a). 
SA 1746. Mr. PETERS (for himself, 
Ms. H IRONO , and Mr. W YDEN ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the 
following: 
SEC. 314. AUTHORIZATION FOR RESEARCH TO IM-
PROVE MILITARY VEHICLE TECH-NOLOGY TO INCREASE FUEL ECON-OMY OR REDUCE FUEL CONSUMP-TION OF MILITARY VEHICLES USED IN COMBAT. 
(a) R ESEARCH AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary 
of Defense, acting through the Assistant Sec-retary of Defense for Research and Engineer-ing and in collaboration with the Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Navy, may carry out research to improve military vehicle technology to increase fuel economy or reduce fuel consumption of military vehi-cles used in combat. 
(b) P
REVIOUS SUCCESSES .—The Secretary of 
Defense shall ensure that research carried out under subsection (a) takes into account the successes of, and lessons learned during, the development of the Fuel Efficient Ground Vehicle Alpha and Bravo programs to identify, assess, develop, demonstrate, and prototype technologies that support increas-ing fuel economy and decreasing fuel con-sumption of light tactical vehicles, while balancing survivability. 
SA 1747. Mr. CASEY (for himself and 
Ms. A YOTTE ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1209. SUPPORT FOR SECURITY OF AFGHAN 
WOMEN AND GIRLS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) Through the sacrifice and dedication of 
members of the Armed Forces, civilian per-sonnel, and our Afghan partners as well as the American people’s generous investment, oppressive Taliban rule has given way to a nascent democracy in Afghanistan. It is in our national security interest to help pre-vent Afghanistan from ever again becoming a safe haven and training ground for inter-national terrorism and to solidify and pre-serve the gains our men and women in uni-form fought so hard to establish. 
(2) The United States through its National 
Action Plan on Women, Peace, and Security has made firm commitments to support the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.073 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3823 June 4, 2015 
human rights of the women and girls of Af-
ghanistan. The National Action Plan states that ‘‘the engagement and protection of women as agents of peace and stability will be central to United States efforts to pro-mote security, prevent, respond to, and re-solve conflict, and rebuild societies’’. 
(3) As stated in the Department of De-
fense’s October 2014 Report on Progress To-ward Security and Stability in Afghanistan, the Department of Defense and the Inter-national Security Assistance Force (ISAF) ‘‘maintain a robust program dedicated to im-proving the recruitment, retention, and treatment of women in the Afghan National Security Forces (ANSF), and to improving the status of Afghan women in general’’. 
(4) According to the Department of De-
fense’s October 2014 Report on Progress To-ward Security and Stability in Afghanistan, the ‘‘Afghan MoI showed significant support for women in the MoI and is taking steps to protect and empower female police and fe-male MoI staff’’. Although some positive steps have been made, progress remains slow to reach the MoI’s goal of recruiting 10,000 women in the Afghan National Police (ANP) in the next 10 years. 
(5) According to Inclusive Security, women 
only make up approximately 1 percent of the Afghan National Police. There are about 2,200 women serving in the police force, fewer than the goal of 5,000 women set by the Gov-ernment of Afghanistan. 
(6) According to the International Crisis 
Group, there are not enough female police of-ficers to staff all provincial Family Response Units (FRUs). United Nations Assistance Mission Afghanistan and the Office of the High Commissioner for Refugees found that ‘‘in the absence of Family Response Units or visible women police officers, women victims almost never approach police stations will-ingly, fearing they will be arrested, their reputations stained or worse’’. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS ON PROMOTION OF  
SECURITY OF AFGHAN WOMEN .—It is the sense 
of Congress that— 
(1) it is in the national security interests 
of the United States to prevent Afghanistan from again becoming a safe haven and train-ing ground for international terrorism; 
(2) as an important part of a strategy to 
achieve this objective and to help Afghani-stan achieve its full potential, the United States Government should continue to regu-larly press the Government of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan to commit to the meaningful inclusion of women in the polit-ical, economic, and security transition proc-ess and to ensure that women’s concerns are fully reflected in relevant negotiations; 
(3) the United States Government and the 
Government of Afghanistan should reaffirm their commitment to supporting Afghan civil society, including women’s organiza-tions, as agreed to during the meeting be-tween the International Community and the Government of Afghanistan on the Tokyo Mutual Accountability Framework (TMAF) in July 2013; 
(4) the United States Government should 
continue to support and encourage efforts to recruit and retain women in the Afghan Na-tional Security Forces, who are critical to the success of NATO’s Resolute Support Mis-sion and future Enduring Partnership mis-sion; and 
(5) the United States should bid on no less 
than one gender advisor billet within the Resolute Support Mission Gender Advisory Unit and continue to work with other coun-tries to ensure that the Resolute Support Mission Gender Advisory Unit billets are fully staffed. 
(c) P
LAN TO PROMOTE SECURITY OF AFGHAN  
WOMEN .— (1) R EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—The Sec-
retary of Defense, in conjunction with the Secretary of State, shall include in the re-port required under section 1225 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3550)— 
(A) an assessment of the security of Af-
ghan women and girls, including information regarding efforts to increase the recruitment and retention of women in the ANSF; and 
(B) an assessment of the implementation of 
the plans for the recruitment, integration, retention, training, treatment, and provision of appropriate facilities and transportation for women in the ANSF, including the chal-lenges associated with such implementation and the steps being taken to address those challenges. 
(2) P
LAN REQUIRED .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to the extent practicable, support the efforts of the Government of Afghanistan to promote the security of Afghan women and girls during and after the security transition process through the development and imple-mentation by the Government of Afghani-stan of an Afghan-led plan that should in-clude the elements described in this para-graph. 
(B) T
RAINING .—The Secretary of Defense, 
working with the NATO-led Resolute Sup-port mission should encourage the Govern-ment of Afghanistan to develop— 
(i) measures for the evaluation of the effec-
tiveness of existing training for Afghan Na-tional Security Forces on this issue; 
(ii) a plan to increase the number of female 
security officers specifically trained to ad-dress cases of gender-based violence, includ-ing ensuring the Afghan National Police’s Family Response Units (FRUs) have the nec-essary resources and are available to women across Afghanistan; 
(iii) mechanisms to enhance the capacity 
for units of National Police’s Family Re-sponse Units to fulfill their mandate as well as indicators measuring the operational ef-fectiveness of these units; 
(iv) a plan to address the development of 
accountability mechanisms for ANA and ANP personnel who violate codes of conduct related to the human rights of women and girls, including female members of the ANSF; and 
(v) a plan to develop training for the ANA 
and the ANP to increase awareness and re-sponsiveness among ANA and ANP personnel regarding the unique security challenges 
women confront when serving in those forces. 
(C) E
NROLLMENT AND TREATMENT .—The 
Secretary of Defense, in cooperation with the Afghan Ministries of Defense and Inte-rior, shall seek to assist the Government of Afghanistan in including as part of the plan developed under subparagraph (A) the devel-opment and implementation of a plan to in-crease the number of female members of the ANA and ANP and to promote their equal treatment, including through such steps as providing appropriate equipment, modifying facilities, and ensuring literacy and gender awareness training for recruits. 
(D) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDS .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Of the funds available to 
the Department of Defense for the Afghan Security Forces Fund for Fiscal Year 2016, no less than $10,000,000 should be used for the recruitment, integration, retention, train-ing, and treatment of women in the ANSF as well as the recruitment, training, and con-tracting of female security personnel for fu-ture elections. 
(ii) T
YPES OF PROGRAMS AND ACTIVITIES .— 
Such programs and activities may include— (I) efforts to recruit women into the ANSF, 
including the special operations forces; 
(II) programs and activities of the Afghan 
Ministry of Defense Directorate of Human Rights and Gender Integration and the Af-ghan Ministry of Interior Office of Human Rights, Gender and Child Rights; 
(III) development and dissemination of 
gender and human rights educational and training materials and programs within the Afghan Ministry of Defense and the Afghan Ministry of Interior; 
(IV) efforts to address harassment and vio-
lence against women within the ANSF; 
(V) improvements to infrastructure that 
address the requirements of women serving in the ANSF, including appropriate equip-ment for female security and police forces, and transportation for policewomen to their station 
(VI) support for ANP Family Response 
Units; and 
(VII) security provisions for high-profile 
female police and army officers. 
SA 1748. Mr. PETERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title V, add the 
following: 
SEC. 524. REVIEW OF CHARACTERIZATION OR 
TERMS OF DISCHARGE FROM THE ARMED FORCES OF INDIVIDUALS WITH MENTAL HEALTH DISORDERS ALLEGED TO AFFECT TERMS OF DIS-CHARGE. 
Section 1553(d) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3)(A) In addition to the requirements of 
paragraphs (1) and (2), in the case of a former member described in subparagraph (B), the board shall— 
‘‘(i) review medical evidence of the Sec-
retary of Veterans Affairs or a civilian health care provider that is presented by the former member; and 
‘‘(ii) review the case with a presumption of 
administrative irregularity and place the burden on the Secretary concerned to prove, by a preponderance of the evidence, that no error or injustice occurred. 
‘‘(B) A former member described in this 
subparagraph is a former member described in paragraph (1) or a former member whose application for relief is based in whole or in part on matters relating to post-traumatic stress disorder or traumatic brain injury as supporting rationale or as justification for priority consideration whose post-traumatic stress disorder or traumatic brain injury is related to combat or military sexual trauma, as determined by the Secretary concerned.’’. 
SA 1749. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.074 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3824 June 4, 2015 
SEC. 1085. SENSE OF SENATE ON MISUSE OF GOV-
ERNMENT TRAVEL CHARGE CARDS. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— 
(1) a finding in a May 2015 report of the In-
spector General of the Department of De-fense that personnel charged nearly $1,000,000 to government travel charge cards for per-sonal use at casinos and adult entertainment establishments over a one year period dem-onstrates serious misuse of government trav-el charge cards, does not comport with the values of the Department, and requires addi-tional oversight to prevent future misuse; 
(2) the Director of the Defense Travel Man-
agement Office should work with the Armed Forces, the Defense Agencies, and represent-atives of financial institutions to determine how to prevent and identify the inappro-priate personal use of the government travel charge cards under those and similar cir-cumstances; and 
(3) the Department of Defense should work 
to expeditiously address any outstanding recommendations in the report of the Inspec-tor General described in paragraph (1). 
SA 1750. Mr. WARNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEMS RE-
SEARCH PROGRAM. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT TO DEVELOP AND DEPLOY  
UAS T ECHNOLOGIES .—The Secretary of De-
fense and the Director of National Intel-ligence shall work in conjunction with the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Sec-retary of Transportation, the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration, the heads of other Federal agencies, existing UAS test sites designated by the Federal Aviation Administration, the private sector, and academia on the research and development of technologies to safely detect, identify, classify, and deconflict UAS in the national air space, integrate UAS, and deploy proven UAS mitigation tech-nologies— 
(1) to ensure that UAS operate safely in 
the national air space; 
(2) to ensure that, as the commercial use of 
UAS technologies increase and are safely in-tegrated into the national air space, the United States is taking full advantage of ex-isting and developmental technologies to de-tect, identify, classify, track, and counteract UAS in and around restricted and controlled air space, such as airports, military training areas, National Special Security Events, and sensitive national security locations; 
(3) to yield important insights for the De-
partment of Defense, intelligence commu-nity, Department of Homeland Security, and civilian and private sector applications; 
(4) to provide intelligence, reconnaissance, 
and surveillance capabilities over widely dis-persed and expansive territories; and 
(5) to improve methods for protecting pri-
vacy and civil liberties related to the use of UAS. 
(b) UAS D
EFINED .—In this section, the 
term ‘‘UAS’’ means unmanned aerial sys-tems. 
SA 1751. Mr. BOOKER (for himself 
and Mr. M ENENDEZ ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. 
MCCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 721. PROHIBITION ON TERMINATION OF 
VETS4WARRIORS PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
may not terminate the peer support program of the Department of Defense known as the Vets4Warriors program unless the Secretary determines, through a public process estab-
lished by the Secretary, that members of the Armed Forces will receive adequate mental health care and resources in the absence of such program. 
(b) E
VALUATION OF EFFECTIVENESS .—The 
Secretary shall conduct an evaluation of the effectiveness of peer-to-peer counseling in assisting members of the Armed Forces and their families. 
SA 1752. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself, 
Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. T ILLIS , Ms. H IRONO , 
Mr. G RAHAM , Ms. S TABENOW , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. 
UDALL , Mr. N ELSON , and Mr. M ORAN ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title III, add the 
following: 
SEC. 355. STARBASE PROGRAM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) The budget of the President for fiscal 
year 2016 requested no funding for the De-partment of Defense STARBASE program. 
(2) The purpose of the STARBASE program 
is to improve the knowledge and skills of students in kindergarten through 12th grade in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) subjects, to connect them to the military, and to motivate them to explore science, technology, engineering, and mathematics and possible military ca-reers as they continue their education. 
(3) The STARBASE program currently op-
erates at 76 locations in 40 States and the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico, pri-marily on military installations. 
(4) To date, nearly 750,000 students have 
participated in the STARBASE program. 
(5) The STARBASE program is a highly ef-
fective program run by dedicated members of the Armed Forces and strengthens the rela-tionships between the military, commu-nities, and local school districts. 
(6) The budget of the President for fiscal 
year 2016 seeks to eliminate funding for the STARBASE program for that fiscal year due to a reorganization of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics programs throughout the Federal Government. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the STARBASE program should continue to be funded by the Depart-ment of Defense. 
(c) F
UNDING .—Of the amount authorized to 
be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by sec-tion 301 and available for the Department of 
Defense for operation and maintenance, De-fense-wide, as specified in the funding table in section 4301— 
(1) the amount available for the 
STARBASE program is hereby increased by $25,000,000; and 
(2) the amount available by reason of in-
creased bulk fuel cost savings is hereby de-creased by $25,000,000. 
SA 1753. Ms. WARREN (for herself, 
Mr. R UBIO, Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. A YOTTE , 
Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. B ROWN , and Mr. 
MENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. HONORING AMERICAN PRISONERS OF 
WAR AND MISSING IN ACTION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) In recent years, commemorative chairs 
honoring American Prisoners of War/Missing in Action have been placed in prominent lo-cations across the United States. 
(2) The United States Capitol is an appro-
priate location to place a commemorative chair honoring American Prisoners of War/ Missing in Action. 
(b) P
LACEMENT OF A CHAIR IN THE UNITED  
STATES CAPITOL HONORING AMERICAN PRIS-
ONERS OF WAR/MISSING IN ACTION .— 
(1) O BTAINING CHAIR .—The Architect of the 
Capitol shall enter into an agreement to ob-tain a chair featuring the logo of the Na-tional League of POW/MIA Families under such terms and conditions as the Architect considers appropriate and consistent with applicable law. 
(2) P
LACEMENT .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Architect shall place the chair obtained under paragraph (1) in a suitable permanent location in the United States Capitol. 
(c) F
UNDING .— 
(1) D ONATIONS .—The Architect of the Cap-
itol may— 
(A) enter into an agreement with any orga-
nization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 that is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of that Code to solicit private donations to carry out the purposes of this section; and 
(B) accept donations of funds, property, 
and services to carry out the purposes of this section. 
(2) C
OSTS.—All costs incurred in carrying 
out the purposes of this section shall be paid for with private donations received under paragraph (1). 
SA 1754. Mrs. ERNST submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.074 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3825 June 4, 2015 
SEC. ll. PROGRAM MANAGEMENT IMPROVE-
MENT AND ACCOUNTABILITY. 
(a) D EPUTY DIRECTOR FOR MANAGEMENT .— 
(1) A DDITIONAL FUNCTIONS .—Section 503 of 
title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) P
ROGRAM AND PROJECT MANAGEMENT .— 
‘‘(1) R EQUIREMENT .—Subject to the direc-
tion and approval of the Director, the Dep-uty Director for Management or designee shall— 
‘‘(A) adopt governmentwide standards, 
policies, and guidelines for program and project management for executive agencies; 
‘‘(B) oversee program and project manage-
ment for the standards, policies, and guide-lines established under subparagraph (A); 
‘‘(C) chair the Program Management Pol-
icy Council established under section 1126(b); 
‘‘(D) issue regulations and establish stand-
ards and policies for executive agencies, in accordance with nationally accredited stand-ards for program and project management planning and delivery issues; 
‘‘(E) engage with the private sector; ‘‘(F) conduct portfolio reviews to address 
programs identified as high risk by the Gov-ernment Accountability Office; 
‘‘(G) not less than annually, conduct port-
folio reviews of agency programs in coordi-nation with Project Management Improve-ment Officers designated under section 1126(a)(1); and 
‘‘(H) establish a 5-year strategic plan for 
program and project management. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION TO DEPARTMENT OF DE -
FENSE .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to the 
Department of Defense to the extent that the provisions of that paragraph are substan-tially similar to or duplicative of the provi-sions under section 810 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016.’’. 
(2) D
EADLINE FOR STANDARDS , POLICIES , AND 
GUIDELINES .—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Deputy Director for Management of the Of-
fice of Management and Budget shall issue the standards, policies, and guidelines re-quired under section 503(c) of title 31, United States Code, as added by paragraph (1). 
(3) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 150 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Deputy Director for Management of the Office of Management and Budget, in con-sultation with the Program Management Policy Council established under section 1126(b) of title 31, United States Code, as added by subsection (b)(1), and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall issue any regulations as are necessary to implement the requirements of section 503(c) of title 31, United States Code, as added by paragraph (1). 
(b) P
ROGRAM MANAGEMENT IMPROVEMENT  
OFFICERS AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT POLICY  
COUNCIL .— 
(1) A MENDMENT .—Chapter 11 of title 31, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 1126. Program Management Improvement 
Officers and Program Management Policy Council 
‘‘(a) P
ROGRAM MANAGEMENT IMPROVEMENT  
OFFICERS .— 
‘‘(1) D ESIGNATION .—The head of each agen-
cy described in section 901(b) shall designate a senior executive of the agency as the Pro-gram Management Improvement Officer of the agency. The Program Management Im-provement Officer shall report directly to the head of the agency. 
‘‘(2) F
UNCTIONS .—The Program Manage-
ment Improvement Officer of an agency des-ignated under paragraph (1) shall— 
‘‘(A) implement program management 
policies established by the agency under sec-tion 503(c); and ‘‘(B) develop a written strategy for enhanc-
ing the role of program managers within the agency that includes the following: 
‘‘(i) Enhanced training and educational op-
portunities for program managers. 
‘‘(ii) Mentoring of current and future pro-
gram managers by experienced senior execu-tives and program managers within the agency. 
‘‘(iii) Improved career paths and career op-
portunities for program managers. 
‘‘(iv) Incentives for the recruitment and re-
tention of highly qualified individuals to serve as program managers. 
‘‘(v) Improved resources and support, in-
cluding relevant competencies encompassed with program and project management with-in the private sector for program managers. 
‘‘(vi) Improved means of collecting and dis-
seminating best practices and lessons learned to enhance program management across the agency. 
‘‘(vii) Common templates and tools to sup-
port improved data gathering and analysis for program management and oversight pur-poses. 
‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION TO DEPARTMENT OF DE -
FENSE .—This subsection shall not apply to 
the Department of Defense to the extent that the provisions of this subsection are substantially similar to or duplicative of the provisions under section 810 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM MANAGEMENT POLICY COUN-
CIL.— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
in the Office of Management and Budget a council to be known as the ‘Program Man-agement Policy Council’ (in this section re-ferred to as the ‘Council’). 
‘‘(2) P
URPOSE AND FUNCTIONS .—The Council 
shall act as the principal interagency forum for improving agency practices related to program and project management. The Coun-cil shall— 
‘‘(A) advise and assist the Deputy Director 
for Management of the Office of Management and Budget; 
‘‘(B) review programs identified as high 
risk by the General Accountability Office and make recommendations for actions to be taken by the Deputy Director for Manage-ment of the Office of Management and Budg-et or designee; 
‘‘(C) discuss topics of importance to the 
workforce, including— 
‘‘(i) career development and workforce de-
velopment needs; 
‘‘(ii) policy to support continuous improve-
ment in program and project management; and 
‘‘(iii) major challenges across agencies in 
managing programs; 
‘‘(D) advise on the development and appli-
cability of standards governmentwide for program management transparency; and 
‘‘(E) review the information published on 
the website of the Office of Management and Budget pursuant to section 1122. 
‘‘(3) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
‘‘(A) C OMPOSITION .—The Council shall be 
composed of the following members: 
‘‘(i) Five members from the Office of Man-
agement and Budget as follows: 
‘‘(I) The Deputy Director for Management. ‘‘(II) The Administrator of the Office of 
Electronic Government. 
‘‘(III) The Administrator of the Office of 
Federal Procurement Policy. 
‘‘(IV) The Controller of the Office of Fed-
eral Financial Management. 
‘‘(V) The Director of the Office of Perform-
ance and Personnel Management. 
‘‘(ii) The Program Management Improve-
ment Officer from each agency described in section 901(b). ‘‘(iii) Other individuals as determined ap-
propriate by the Chairperson. 
‘‘(B) C
HAIRPERSON AND VICE CHAIRPERSON .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Deputy Director for 
Management of the Office of Management and Budget shall be the Chairperson of the Council. A Vice Chairperson shall be elected by the members and shall serve a term of not more than 1 year. 
‘‘(ii) D
UTIES .—The Chairperson shall pre-
side at the meetings of the Council, deter-mine the agenda of the Council, direct the work of the Council, and establish and direct subgroups of the Council as appropriate. 
‘‘(4) M
EETINGS .—The Council shall meet 
not less than twice per fiscal year and may meet at the call of the Chairperson or a ma-jority of the members of the Council. 
‘‘(5) S
UPPORT .—The head of each agency 
with a Project Management Improvement Officer serving on the Council shall provide administrative support to the Council, as ap-propriate, at the request of the Chairperson. 
‘‘(6) C
OMMITTEE DURATION .—Section 14(a)(2) 
of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the Council.’’. 
(2) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the head of each agency described in section 901(b) of title 31, United States Code, shall submit to Congress and the Office of Management and Budget a report containing the strategy developed under section 1126(a)(2)(B) of such title, as added by para-graph (1). 
(c) P
ROGRAM AND PROJECT MANAGEMENT  
PERSONNEL STANDARDS .— 
(1) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘agency’’ means each agency described in section 901(b) of title 31, United States Code. 
(2) R
EGULATIONS REQUIRED .—Not later than 
270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, in consultation with the Direc-tor of the Office of Management and Budget, shall issue regulations that— 
(A) identify key skills and competencies 
needed for a program and project manager in an agency; 
(B) establish a new job series for program 
and project management within an agency; and 
(C) establish a new career path for program 
and project managers within an agency. 
SA 1755. Mr. BURR (for himself and 
Mr. T ILLIS ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. DESIGNATION OF AMERICAN WORLD 
WAR II CITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs shall designate at least one city in the United States each year as an ‘‘American World War II City’’. 
(b) C
RITERIA FOR DESIGNATION .—After the 
designation made under subsection (c), the Secretary, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Defense, shall make each designa-tion under subsection (a) based on the fol-lowing criteria: 
(1) Contributions by a city to the war ef-
fort during World War II, including those re-lated to defense manufacturing, bond drives, service in the Armed Forces, and the pres-ence of military facilities within the city. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.083 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3826 June 4, 2015 
(2) Efforts by a city to preserve the history 
of the city’s contributions during World War II, including through the establishment of preservation organizations or museums, res-toration of World War II facilities, and rec-ognition of World War II veterans. 
(c) F
IRST AMERICAN WORLD WARII C ITY.— 
The city of Wilmington, North Carolina, is designated as an ‘‘American World War II City’’. 
(d) S
UNSET .—The requirements of this sec-
tion shall terminate on the date that is five years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 1756. Ms. WARREN (for herself 
and Mr. M ERKLEY ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 721. PREVENTION AND TREATMENT OF 
PROBLEM GAMBLING BEHAVIOR AMONG MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND VETERANS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) Gambling addiction, or problem gam-
bling, is a public health disorder character-
ized by increasing preoccupation with gam-bling, loss of control, restlessness, or irrita-bility when attempting to stop gambling, and continuation of the gambling behavior in spite of mounting serious, negative con-sequences. 
(2) Over 6,000,000 adults met criteria for a 
gambling problem in 2013. 
(3) According to the National Council on 
Problem Gambling, it is estimated that be-tween 36,000 and 48,000 members of the Armed Forces on active duty meet criteria for a gambling problem. 
(4) The Department of Defense operates an 
estimated 3,000 slot machines at military in-stallations overseas that are available to members of the Armed Forces and their fam-ilies. 
(5) It is estimated that these slot machines 
generate more than $100,000,000 in revenue for the Department of Defense, which is used for further recreational activities for mem-bers of the Armed Forces. 
(6) The United States Army operates bingo 
games on military installations in the United States, which generate millions of dollars per year. 
(7) The Department of Defense does not 
currently have treatment programs for mem-bers of the Armed Forces with problem gam-bling behaviors, although it does operate treatment programs for alcohol abuse, ille-gal substance abuse, and tobacco addiction. 
(8) The Department of Veterans Affairs 
provides behavioral addiction treatment to veterans but has limited programs directed at problem gambling. 
(9) Individuals with problem gambling be-
havior have higher incidences of bankruptcy, domestic abuse, and suicide. 
(10) People who engage in problem gam-
bling have high rates of co-occurring sub-stance abuse and mental health disorders. 
(11) Because many veterans are often at 
high risk for co-occuring substance abuse and mental health disorders, it is critical that they receive adequate treatment for such disorders. 
(12) The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual 
of Mental Disorders (Fifth Edition, published in May 2013) includes problem gambling as a 
behavioral addiction. This reflects research findings that gambling disorders are similar to substance-related disorders in clinical ex-pression, brain origin, comorbidity, physi-ology, and treatment. 
(b) P
OLICIES AND PROGRAMS TO PREVENT  
ANDTREAT GAMBLING PROBLEMS .— 
(1) D EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .—The Sec-
retary of Defense shall develop policies on prevention, education, and treatment of problem gambling, including the following elements: 
(A) Prevention programs for members of 
the Armed Forces and their dependents. 
(B) Responsible gaming education for 
members of the Armed Forces and their de-pendents. 
(C) Establishment of a center of excellence 
for the residential treatment of the most se-vere cases of problem gambling among mem-bers of the Armed Forces. 
(D) Policy and programs to integrate prob-
lem gambling into existing mental health and substance abuse programs of the Depart-ment of Defense in order to— 
(i) prevent problem gambling among mem-
bers of the Armed Forces and their families; 
(ii) provide responsible gaming educational 
materials to members of the Armed Forces and their family members who gamble; and 
(iii) train existing substance abuse and 
mental health counselors to provide treat-ment for problem gambling within current mental health and substance abuse treat-ment programs for members of the Armed Forces. 
(E) Assessment of gambling problems 
among members of the Armed Forces, fac-tors related to the development of such prob-lems (including co-occurring disorders such as substance use, post-traumatic stress dis-order, traumatic brain injury, stress, and sensation seeking), and the social, health, and financial impacts of gambling on mem-bers of the Armed Forces by incorporating questions on problem gambling behavior into ongoing research efforts as appropriate, in-cluding restoring such questions into the Survey of Health Related Behaviors Among Active Duty Military Personnel conducted by the Department of Defense. 
(2) D
EPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS .— 
The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall de-velop policies on prevention, education, and treatment of problem gambling, including the following elements: 
(A) Prevention programs for veterans and 
their dependents. 
(B) Responsible gaming education for vet-
erans and their dependents. 
(C) Establishment of a center of excellence 
for the residential treatment of the most se-vere cases of problem gambling among vet-erans. 
(D) Policy and programs to integrate prob-
lem gambling into existing mental health and substance abuse programs of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs in order to— 
(i) prevent problem gambling among vet-
erans and their families; 
(ii) provide responsible gaming educational 
materials to veterans and their family mem-bers who gamble; and 
(iii) train existing substance abuse and 
mental health counselors to provide treat-ment for problem gambling within current mental health and substance abuse treat-ment programs for veterans. 
(E) Financial counseling and related serv-
ices for veterans impacted by problem gam-bling. 
(3) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary of De-
fense shall develop the policies described in paragraph (1) and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall develop the policies described in paragraph (2) in coordination with the Inter-agency Task Force on Military and Veterans 
Mental Health. 
(4) R
EPORTS .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act— 
(A) the Secretary of Defense shall submit 
to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on efforts undertaken pursuant to paragraph (1); and 
(B) the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall 
submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on efforts undertaken pur-suant to paragraph (2). 
(c) U
SE OF CERTAIN AMOUNTS BY DEPART -
MENT OF DEFENSE .—Of the aggregate amount 
collected each fiscal year by morale, welfare, and recreation (MWR) facilities of the De-partment of Defense from the operation of slot machines and bingo games, an amount equal to one percent of such amount shall be available to the Secretary of Defense carry out the policy and programs described in subsection (b)(1)(D). 
(d) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL STUDY ON GAM-
BLING AND PROBLEM GAMBLING AMONG MEM-
BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND VETERANS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General 
of the United States shall conduct a study on problem gambling among members of the Armed Forces and veterans. 
(2) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The study con-
ducted under paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) With respect to gambling installations 
(including bingo) operated by each branch of the Armed Forces— 
(i) the number, type, and location of such 
gambling installations; 
(ii) the total amount of cash flow through 
such gambling installations; 
(iii) the amount of revenue generated by 
such gambling installations; and 
(iv) how such revenue is spent. (B) An assessment of the prevalence of 
problem gambling among members of the Armed Forces and veterans, including rec-ommendations for policies and programs to be carried out by the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs to address problem gambling. 
(3) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the ap-propriate committees of Congress a report on the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1). 
(e) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SA 1757. Ms. WARREN (for herself 
and Mr. M ERKLEY ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 721. PREVENTION AND TREATMENT OF 
PROBLEM GAMBLING BEHAVIOR AMONG MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.083 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3827 June 4, 2015 
(1) Gambling addiction, or problem gam-
bling, is a public health disorder character-ized by increasing preoccupation with gam-bling, loss of control, restlessness, or irrita-bility when attempting to stop gambling, and continuation of the gambling behavior in spite of mounting serious, negative con-sequences. 
(2) Over 6,000,000 adults met criteria for a 
gambling problem in 2013. 
(3) According to the National Council on 
Problem Gambling, it is estimated that be-tween 36,000 and 48,000 members of the Armed Forces on active duty meet criteria for a gambling problem. 
(4) The Department of Defense operates an 
estimated 3,000 slot machines at military in-stallations overseas that are available to members of the Armed Forces and their fam-ilies. 
(5) It is estimated that these slot machines 
generate more than $100,000,000 in revenue for the Department of Defense, which is used for further recreational activities for mem-bers of the Armed Forces. 
(6) The United States Army operates bingo 
games on military installations in the United States, which generate millions of dollars per year. 
(7) The Department of Defense does not 
currently have treatment programs for mem-bers of the Armed Forces with problem gam-bling behaviors, although it does operate treatment programs for alcohol abuse, ille-gal substance abuse, and tobacco addiction. 
(8) Individuals with problem gambling be-
havior have higher incidences of bankruptcy, domestic abuse, and suicide. 
(9) People who engage in problem gambling 
have high rates of co-occurring substance abuse and mental health disorders. 
(10) Because many members of the Armed 
Forces and veterans are often at high risk for co-occuring substance abuse and mental health disorders, it is critical that they re-ceive adequate treatment for such disorders. 
(11) The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual 
of Mental Disorders (Fifth Edition, published in May 2013) includes problem gambling as a behavioral addiction. This reflects research findings that gambling disorders are similar 
to substance-related disorders in clinical ex-pression, brain origin, comorbidity, physi-ology, and treatment. 
(b) P
OLICIES AND PROGRAMS TO PREVENT  
ANDTREAT GAMBLING PROBLEMS .— 
(1) D EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .—The Sec-
retary of Defense shall develop policies on prevention, education, and treatment of problem gambling, including the following elements: 
(A) Prevention programs for members of 
the Armed Forces and their dependents. 
(B) Responsible gaming education for 
members of the Armed Forces and their de-pendents. 
(C) Establishment of a center of excellence 
for the residential treatment of the most se-vere cases of problem gambling among mem-bers of the Armed Forces. 
(D) Policy and programs to integrate prob-
lem gambling into existing mental health and substance abuse programs of the Depart-ment of Defense in order to— 
(i) prevent problem gambling among mem-
bers of the Armed Forces and their families; 
(ii) provide responsible gaming educational 
materials to members of the Armed Forces and their family members who gamble; and 
(iii) train existing substance abuse and 
mental health counselors to provide treat-ment for problem gambling within current mental health and substance abuse treat-ment programs for members of the Armed Forces. 
(E) Assessment of gambling problems 
among members of the Armed Forces, fac-tors related to the development of such prob-lems (including co-occurring disorders such 
as substance use, post-traumatic stress dis-order, traumatic brain injury, stress, and sensation seeking), and the social, health, and financial impacts of gambling on mem-bers of the Armed Forces by incorporating questions on problem gambling behavior into ongoing research efforts as appropriate, in-cluding restoring such questions into the Survey of Health Related Behaviors Among Active Duty Military Personnel conducted by the Department of Defense. 
(2) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary of De-
fense shall develop the policies described in paragraph (1) in coordination with the Inter-agency Task Force on Military and Veterans Mental Health. 
(3) R
EPORTS .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the ap-propriate committees of Congress a report on efforts undertaken pursuant to paragraph (1). 
(c) U
SE OF CERTAIN AMOUNTS BY DEPART -
MENT OF DEFENSE .—Of the aggregate amount 
collected each fiscal year by morale, welfare, and recreation (MWR) facilities of the De-partment of Defense from the operation of slot machines and bingo games, an amount equal to one percent of such amount shall be available to the Secretary of Defense carry out the policy and programs described in subsection (b)(1)(D). 
(d) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL STUDY ON GAM-
BLING AND PROBLEM GAMBLING AMONG MEM-
BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General 
of the United States shall conduct a study on problem gambling among members of the Armed Forces. 
(2) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The study con-
ducted under paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) With respect to gambling installations 
(including bingo) operated by each branch of the Armed Forces— 
(i) the number, type, and location of such 
gambling installations; 
(ii) the total amount of cash flow through 
such gambling installations; 
(iii) the amount of revenue generated by 
such gambling installations; and 
(iv) how such revenue is spent. (B) An assessment of the prevalence of 
problem gambling among members of the Armed Forces, including recommendations for policies and programs to be carried out by the Department of Defense to address problem gambling. 
(3) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the ap-propriate committees of Congress a report on the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1). 
(e) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-ate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SA 1758. Mr. KIRK submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: Strike section 1649 and insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 1649. LIMITATION ON PROVIDING CERTAIN 
MISSILE DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY TO THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) E XTENSION AND EXPANSION OF LIMITA -
TION ON PROVIDING CERTAIN SENSITIVE MIS-
SILE DEFENSE INFORMATION .—Section 
1246(c)(2) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 923), as amended by section 1243(2)(A) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3564), is further amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘
INFORMATION .—No funds’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘ INFORMATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—No funds’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2014 or 2015’’ 
and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘for any fiscal year for the Department of Defense may be used to provide the Russian Federation with sen-sitive missile defense information or infor-mation relating to velocity at burnout of, or telemetry information on, United States missile interceptors or targets.’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(B) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of Defense 
may waive the limitation under subpara-graph (A) if the Secretary certifies to the congressional defense committees that the Russia Federation— 
‘‘(i) is complying with the Treaty between 
the United States of America and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics on the Elimi-nation of Their Intermediate-Range and Shorter-Range Missiles, signed at Wash-ington December 8, 1987, and entered into force June 1, 1988 (commonly referred to as the ‘Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty’ or ‘INF Treaty’); 
‘‘(ii) has verifiably pulled its regular and 
irregular military forces out of Ukrainian territory, including Crimea; and 
‘‘(iii) has terminated its contract to sell 
the S–300 air defense system to the Islamic Republic of Iran.’’. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON INTEGRATION OF MISSILE  
DEFENSE SYSTEMS .—None of the funds au-
thorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act or any other Act may be used to integrate in any way United States missile defense systems, including those of NATO, with missile defense systems of the Russian Federation. 
SA 1759. Mr. KIRK submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1242. REPORT ON USE BY IRAN OF FUNDS 
MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH SANC-TIONS RELIEF. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Di-rector of National Intelligence, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report assessing the following: 
(1) The monetary value of any direct or in-
direct forms of sanctions relief that Iran has received since the Joint Plan of Action first entered into effect. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.083 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3828 June 4, 2015 
(2) How Iran has used funds made available 
through sanctions relief, including the ex-tent to which any such funds have facilitated the ability of Iran— 
(A) to provide support for— (i) any individual or entity designated for 
the imposition of sanctions for activities re-lating to international terrorism pursuant to an Executive order or by the Office of For-eign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury on or before the enactment of this Act; 
(ii) any organization designated by the 
Secretary of State as a foreign terrorist or-ganization under section 219(a) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189(a)) on or before the enactment of this Act; or 
(iii) any other terrorist organization, in-
cluding Hamas, Hezbollah, Palestinian Is-lamic Jihad, or the regime of Bashar al- Assad in Syria; 
(B) to advance the efforts of Iran or any 
other country to develop nuclear weapons or ballistic missiles overtly or covertly; or 
(C) to commit any violation of the human 
rights of the people of Iran. 
(3) The extent to which any senior officials 
of the Government of Iran have diverted any funds from sanctions relief into their per-sonal accounts. 
(b) F
ORM OF REPORTS .—Each report re-
quired by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a clas-sified annex. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ has the meaning given that term in section 14 of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–172; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note). 
(2) J
OINT PLAN OF ACTION .—The term ‘‘Joint 
Plan of Action’’ means the Joint Plan of Ac-tion, signed at Geneva November 24, 2013, by Iran and by France, Germany, the Russian Federation, the People’s Republic of China, the United Kingdom, and the United States, and all implementing materials and agree-ments related to the Joint Plan of Action, including the technical understandings reached on January 12, 2014, the extension thereto agreed to on July 18, 2014, and the ex-tension thereto agreed to on November 24, 2014. 
SA 1760. Mrs. CAPITO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle D of title 
V, add the following: 
SEC. 540. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS TO 
DISESTABLISH SENIOR RESERVE OF-FICERS’ TRAINING CORPS PRO-GRAMS. 
No amounts authorized to be appropriated 
by this Act may be used to— 
(1) disestablish, or prepare to disestablish, 
a Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program in accordance with Department of Defense Instruction Number 1215.08, dated June 26, 2006; or 
(2) close, downgrade from host to extension 
center, or place on probation a Senior Re-serve Officers’ Training Corps program in ac-cordance with the information paper of the Department of the Army titled ‘‘Army Sen-ior Reserve Officers Training Corps (SROTC) Program Review and Criteria’’ and dated January 27, 2014, or any successor informa-
tion paper or policy of the Department of the Army. 
SA 1761. Mr. CORNYN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. INTERAGENCY HOSTAGE RECOVERY 
COORDINATOR. 
(a) I NTERAGENCY HOSTAGE RECOVERY COOR-
DINATOR .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall designate an existing Federal officer to coordinate efforts to se-cure the release of United States persons who are hostages of hostile groups or state sponsors of terrorism. For purposes of car-rying out the duties described in paragraph (2), such officer shall have the title of ‘‘Inter-agency Hostage Recovery Coordinator’’. 
(2) D
UTIES .—The Coordinator shall have 
the following duties: 
(A) Coordinate and direct all activities of 
the Federal Government relating to each hostage situation described in paragraph (1) to ensure efforts to secure the release of all hostages in the hostage situation are prop-erly resourced and correct lines of authority are established and maintained. 
(B) Establish and direct a fusion cell con-
sisting of appropriate personnel of the Fed-eral Government with purview over each hostage situation described in paragraph (1). 
(C) Develop a strategy to keep family 
members of hostages described in paragraph (1) informed of the status of such hostages and inform such family members of updates, procedures, and policies that do not com-promise the national security of the United States. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON AUTHORITY .—The author-
ity of the Coordinator shall be limited to countries that are state sponsors of ter-rorism and areas designated as hazardous for which hostile fire and imminent danger pay are payable to members of the Armed Forces for duty performed in such area. 
(c) Q
UARTERLY REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—On a quarterly basis, the 
Coordinator shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and the members of Congress described in paragraph (2) a re-port that includes a summary of each hos-tage situation described in subsection (a)(1) and efforts to secure the release of all hos-tages in such hostage situation. 
(2) M
EMBERS OF CONGRESS DESCRIBED .—The 
members of Congress described in this para-graph are, with respect to a United States person hostage covered by a report under paragraph (1), the Senators representing the State, and the Member, Delegate, or Resi-dent Commissioner of the House of Rep-resentatives representing the district, where a hostage described in subjection (a)(1) re-sides. 
(3) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report under 
this subsection may be submitted in classi-fied or unclassified form. 
(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed as author-izing the Federal Government to negotiate with a state sponsor of terrorism or an orga-nization that the Secretary of State has des-ignated as a foreign terrorist organization pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration 
and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189). 
(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C OORDINATOR .—The term ‘‘Coordinator’’ 
means the Interagency Hostage Recovery Co-ordinator designated under subsection (a). 
(2) H
OSTILE GROUP .—The term ‘‘hostile 
group’’ means— 
(A) a group that is designated as a foreign 
terrorist organization under section 219(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189(a)); 
(B) a group that is engaged in armed con-
flict with the United States; or 
(C) any other group that the President de-
termines to be a hostile group for purposes of this paragraph. 
(3) S
TATE SPONSOR OF TERRORISM .—The 
term ‘‘state sponsor of terrorism’’— 
(A) means a country the government of 
which the Secretary of State has deter-mined, for purposes of section 6(j) of the Ex-port Administration Act of 1979, section 620A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, section 40 of the Arms Export Control Act, or any other provision of law, to be a government that has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism; and 
(B) includes North Korea. 
SA 1762. Mr. CORNYN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XVI, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1664. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON ELECTRO-
MAGNETIC PULSE ATTACKS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) An attack on the United States using 
an electromagnetic pulse weapon could have devastating effects on critical infrastructure and, over time, could lead to the death of millions of people of the United States. 
(2) The threat of an electromagnetic pulse 
attack on United States non-military infra-structure remains a serious vulnerability for the United States. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the President should ensure that all rel-
evant Federal agencies have a full under-standing of the electromagnetic pulse threat and are prepared for such a contingency; 
(2) the United States Government should 
formulate and maintain a strategy to pre-pare and protect United States infrastruc-ture against electromagnetic pulse events, especially attacks by hostile foreign govern-ments, foreign terrorist organizations, or transnational criminal organizations; and 
(3) relevant Federal agencies should con-
duct outreach to educate owners and opera-tors of critical infrastructure, emergency planners, and emergency responders at all levels of government about the threat of electromagnetic pulse attack. 
SA 1763. Mr. CORNYN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.080 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3829 June 4, 2015 
and for other purposes; which was or-
dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title VIII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 884. AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO CON-
TRACTS FOR THE PROVISION OF RE-LOCATION SERVICES. 
The Secretary of Defense may authorize 
the commander of a military base to enter into a contract with an appropriate entity for the provision of relocation services to members of the Armed Forces. 
SA 1764. Ms. HIRONO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. FUNDING FOR THE COMPACT OF FREE 
ASSOCIATION WITH THE REPUBLIC OF PALAU. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, there are hereby authorized such sums as necessary, for fiscal years 2016 through 2023, to fully fund the compact of free asso-ciation between the United States and the Republic of Palau. 
SA 1765. Ms. HIRONO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. MARITIME SECURITY PROGRAM FUND-
ING. 
There is authorized to be appropriated for 
expenses to maintain and preserve a United States-flag merchant marine to serve the na-tional security needs of the United States under chapter 531 of title 46, United States Code, $300,000,000. 
SA 1766. Ms. HIRONO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. REMOVAL OF UNEXPLODED ORDNANCE 
FROM THE ISLAND OF KAHOOLAWE. 
The Secretary of Defense shall work with 
the appropriate officials of the State of Ha-waii and the Kahoolawe Island Reserve Com-mission to explore options to restore funding for the removal and remediation of unexploded ordnance on the island of Kahoolawe to ensure safety on Kahoolawe. Such options may include training through the Innovative Readiness Training Program for the removal of unexploded ordnance. SA 1767. Ms. HIRONO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. PAYMENT FOR MARITIME SECURITY 
FLEET VESSELS. 
(a) P ER-VESSEL AUTHORIZATION .—Notwith-
standing section 53106(a)(1)(C) of title 46, United States Code, and subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, there is authorized to be paid to each contractor for an oper-ating agreement (as those terms are used in that section) for fiscal year 2016, $5,000,000 for each vessel that is covered by the operating 
agreement. 
(b) R
EPEAL OF OTHER AUTHORIZATION .—Sec-
tion 53111(3) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2016,’’. 
(c) F
UNDING .—The amount authorized to be 
appropriated for expenses to maintain and preserve a United States-flag merchant ma-rine to serve the national security needs of the United States under chapter 531 of title 46, United States Code, is hereby increased by $114,000,000. 
SA 1768. Ms. HIRONO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. DOMESTIC VIOLENCE COORDINATED 
COMMUNITY RESPONSE. 
For each State or local community in 
which military families comprise at least 10 percent of the total population, the Sec-retary of Defense shall work to provide a military-civilian coordinated community re-sponse, that includes coordination with State and local law enforcement, the Family Advocacy Program of the Department of De-fense, and non-profit civilian service pro-viders, to ensure that military families expe-riencing domestic violence receive appro-priate services from either military or civil-ian service providers. 
SA 1769. Mr. KING (for himself and 
Mr. C ARPER ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XXVIII, 
add the following: 
SEC. 2815. EXEMPTION OF ARMY OFF-SITE USE 
ONLY NON-MOBILE PROPERTIES FROM CERTAIN EXCESS PROPERTY DISPOSAL REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Excess or unutilized or 
underutilized non-mobile property of the Army that is situated on non-excess land 
shall be exempt from the requirements of title V of the McKinney-Vento Homeless As-sistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11411 et seq.) upon a determination by the Secretary of the Army that— 
(1) the property is not feasible to relocate; (2) the property is not suitable for public 
access; and 
(3) the exemption would facilitate the effi-
cient disposal of excess property or result in more efficient real property management. 
(b) S
UNSET .—The authority under sub-
section (a) shall expire on September 30, 2017. 
SA 1770. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title VIII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 884. ANNUAL REPORT ON DEFENSE CON-
TRACTING FRAUD. 
(a) A NNUAL STUDY AND REPORT .—The Sec-
retary of Defense shall conduct an annual study on defense contracting fraud and sub-mit a report containing the findings of such study to the congressional defense commit-tees. 
(b) R
EPORT CONTENTS .—The report required 
under subsection (a) shall include with re-spect to the most recent reporting period the following elements: 
(1) An assessment of the total value of De-
partment of Defense contracts entered into to with contractors that have been indicted for, settled charges of, been fined by any Federal department or agency for, or been convicted of fraud in connection with any contract or other transaction entered into with the Federal Government. 
(2) Recommendations by the Inspector 
General of the Department of Defense or other appropriate Department of Defense of-ficial regarding how to penalize contractors repeatedly involved in fraud in connection with contracts or other transactions entered into with the Federal Government, including an update on implementation by the Depart-ment of any previous such recommendations. 
SA 1771. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. REINSTATEMENT OF OVERNIGHT 
SERVICE STANDARDS. 
During the 2-year period beginning on the 
date of enactment of this Act, the United States Postal Service shall apply the service standards for first-class mail and periodicals under part 121 of title 39, Code of Federal Regulations, that were in effect on July 1, 2012. 
SA 1772. Ms. WARREN (for herself 
and Mr. M ARKEY ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.080 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3830 June 4, 2015 
amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. 
MCCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title VIII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 844. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON BERRY-COM-
PLIANT FOOTWEAR. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Depart-
ment of Defense should, not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, expedite the purchase of and avail-ability to enlisted initial entrants of the United States Armed Forces, either as an in- kind issue or by cash allowance, such Berry Amendment-compliant athletic footwear as has been qualified for use during initial en-trant training to the exclusion of similar non-Berry-compliant footwear. 
SA 1773. Mr. NELSON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle D of title 
VI, add the following: 
SEC. 643. REPEAL OF REQUIREMENT OF REDUC-
TION OF SURVIVOR BENEFITS PLAN SURVIVOR ANNUITIES BY DEPEND-ENCY AND INDEMNITY COMPENSA-TION. 
(a) R EPEAL .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 
73 of title 10, United States Code, is amended as follows: 
(A) In section 1450, by striking subsection 
(c). 
(B) In section 1451(c)— (i) by striking paragraph (2); and (ii) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) 
as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Such sub-
chapter is further amended as follows: 
(A) In section 1450— (i) by striking subsection (e); (ii) by striking subsection (k); and (iii) by striking subsection (m). (B) In section 1451(g)(1), by striking sub-
paragraph (C). 
(C) In section 1452— (i) in subsection (f)(2), by striking ‘‘does 
not apply—’’ and all that follows and insert-ing ‘‘does not apply in the case of a deduc-tion made through administrative error.’’; and 
(ii) by striking subsection (g). (D) In section 1455(c), by striking ‘‘, 
1450(k)(2),’’. 
(b) P
ROHIBITION ON RETROACTIVE BENE-
FITS.—No benefits may be paid to any person 
for any period before the effective date pro-vided under subsection (f) by reason of the amendments made by subsection (a). 
(c) P
ROHIBITION ON RECOUPMENT OF CERTAIN  
AMOUNTS PREVIOUSLY REFUNDED TO SBP R E-
CIPIENTS .—A surviving spouse who is or has 
been in receipt of an annuity under the Sur-vivor Benefit Plan under subchapter II of chapter 73 of title 10, United States Code, that is in effect before the effective date pro-vided under subsection (f) and that is ad-justed by reason of the amendments made by subsection (a) and who has received a refund of retired pay under section 1450(e) of title 
10, United States Code, shall not be required to repay such refund to the United States. 
(d) R
EPEAL OF AUTHORITY FOR OPTIONAL  
ANNUITY FOR DEPENDENT CHILDREN .—Section 
1448(d) of such title is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Except as 
provided in paragraph (2)(B), the Secretary concerned’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary concerned’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘D
EPENDENT CHILDREN .—’’ 
and all that follows through ‘‘In the case of a member described in paragraph (1),’’ and inserting ‘‘D
EPENDENT CHILDREN ANNUITY  
WHEN NO ELIGIBLE SURVIVING SPOUSE .—In the 
case of a member described in paragraph (1),’’; and 
(B) by striking subparagraph (B). 
(e) R
ESTORATION OF ELIGIBILITY FOR PRE-
VIOUSLY ELIGIBLE SPOUSES .—The Secretary 
of the military department concerned shall restore annuity eligibility to any eligible surviving spouse who, in consultation with the Secretary, previously elected to transfer payment of such annuity to a surviving child or children under the provisions of section 1448(d)(2)(B) of title 10, United States Code, as in effect on the day before the effective date provided under subsection (f). Such eli-gibility shall be restored whether or not pay-ment to such child or children subsequently was terminated due to loss of dependent sta-tus or death. For the purposes of this sub-section, an eligible spouse includes a spouse who was previously eligible for payment of such annuity and is not remarried, or remar-ried after having attained age 55, or whose second or subsequent marriage has been ter-minated by death, divorce or annulment. 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The sections and the 
amendments made by this section shall take effect on the later of— 
(1) the first day of the first month that be-
gins after the date of the enactment of this Act; or 
(2) the first day of the fiscal year that be-
gins in the calendar year in which this Act is enacted. 
SA 1774. Ms. AYOTTE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle D of title 
VI, add the following: 
SEC. 643. BENEFITS FOR DEPENDENTS OF MEM-
BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WHO LOSE THEIR RIGHT TO RETIRED PAY FOR REASONS OTHER THAN DE-PENDENT ABUSE. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Families Serve, Too, Military Justice Reform Act of 2015’’. 
(b) I
NGENERAL .—Section 1408 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (i), (j), and 
(k) as subsections (j), (k), and (l), respec-tively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (h) the fol-
lowing new subsection (i): 
‘‘(i) B
ENEFITS FOR DEPENDENTS OF MEM-
BERS LOSING RIGHT TO RETIRED PAY FOR MIS-
CONDUCT OTHER THAN DEPENDENT ABUSE .— 
(1)(A) If, in the case of a member or former member of the armed forces referred to in paragraph (2)(A), a court order provides (in the manner applicable to a division of prop-erty) for the payment of an amount from the disposable retired pay of that member or 
former member (as certified under paragraph (4)) to an eligible spouse or former spouse of that member or former member, the Sec-retary concerned, beginning upon effective service of such court order, shall pay that amount in accordance with this subsection to such spouse or former spouse. 
‘‘(B) If, in the case of a member or former 
member of the armed forces referred to in paragraph (2)(A), a court order provides for the payment as child support of an amount from the disposable retired pay of that mem-ber or former member (as certified under paragraph (4)) to an eligible dependent child of the member or former member, the Sec-retary concerned, beginning upon effective service of such court order, shall pay that amount in accordance with this subsection to such dependent child. 
‘‘(2) A spouse or former spouse, or a de-
pendent child, of a member or former mem-ber of the armed forces is eligible to receive payment under this subsection if— 
‘‘(A) the member or former member, while 
a member of the armed forces and after be-coming eligible to be retired from the armed forces on the basis of years of service, has eligibility to receive retired pay terminated as a result of misconduct while a member (other than misconduct described in sub-section (h)(2)(A)); 
‘‘(B) in the case of eligibility of a spouse or 
former spouse under paragraph (1)(A), the spouse or former spouse— 
‘‘(i) either— ‘‘(I) was married to the member or former 
member at the time of the misconduct that resulted in the termination of retired pay; or 
‘‘(II) was is receipt of marital support, ali-
mony, or child support from the member or former member as of the time of the mis-conduct pursuant to a court order; and 
‘‘(ii) was not, based on the evidence ad-
duced at trial, an aider, abettor, accomplice, or co-conspirator in the misconduct that re-sulted in the termination of retired pay, as certified in writing to the convening author-ity by— 
‘‘(I) the military judge of the court-martial 
that resulted in the termination of retired pay; or 
‘‘(II) the staff judge advocate of the con-
vening authority; and 
‘‘(C) in the case of eligibility of a depend-
ent child under paragraph (1)(B), the depend-ent child— 
‘‘(i) had not reached the age of 16 years at 
the time of the misconduct that resulted in the termination of retired pay; or 
‘‘(ii) had reached the age of 16 years at the 
time of the misconduct and was not, based on the evidence adduced at trial, an aider, abettor, accomplice, or co-conspirator in the misconduct that resulted in the termination of retired pay, as certified in writing to the convening authority by— 
‘‘(I) the military judge of the court-martial 
that resulted in the termination of retired pay; or 
‘‘(II) the staff judge advocate of the con-
vening authority. 
‘‘(3) The amount certified by the Secretary 
concerned under paragraph (4) with respect to a member or former member of the armed forces referred to in paragraph (2)(A) shall be deemed to be the disposable retired pay of that member or former member for the pur-poses of this subsection. 
‘‘(4) Upon the request of a court or an eligi-
ble spouse or former spouse, or an eligible 
dependent child, of a member or former member of the armed forces referred to in paragraph (2)(A) in connection with a civil action for the issuance of a court order in the case of that member or former member, the Secretary concerned shall determine and certify the amount of the monthly retired 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.078 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3831 June 4, 2015 
pay that the member or former member 
would have been entitled to receive as of the date of the certification— 
‘‘(A) if the member or former member’s eli-
gibility for retired pay had not been termi-nated as described in paragraph (2)(A); and 
‘‘(B) if, in the case of a member or former 
member not in receipt of retired pay imme-diately before that termination of eligibility for retired pay, the member or former mem-ber had retired on the effective date of that termination of eligibility. 
‘‘(5)(A) Paragraphs (5) through (8) and (10) 
of subsection (h) shall apply to eligibility of former spouses to payments under this sub-section, court orders for the payment of dis-posable retired pay under this subsection, amounts payable under this subsection, and payments under this subsection in the same manner as such paragraphs apply to such matters under subsection (h). 
‘‘(B) If a spouse or former spouse or a de-
pendent child eligible or entitled to receive payments under this subsection is eligible or entitled to receive benefits under subsection (h), the eligibility or entitlement of that spouse or former spouse or dependent child to such benefits shall be determined under subsection (h) instead of this subsection. 
‘‘(6)(A) A spouse or former spouse of a 
member or former member of the armed forces referred to in paragraph (2)(A), while receiving payments in accordance with this subsection, shall be entitled to receive med-ical and dental care, to use commissary and exchange stores, and to receive any other benefit that a spouse or a former spouse of a retired member of the armed forces is enti-tled to receive on the basis of being a spouse or former spouse, as the case may be, of a re-tired member of the armed forces in the same manner as if the member or former member referred to in paragraph (2)(A) was entitled to retired pay. 
‘‘(B) A dependent child of a member or 
former member referred to in paragraph (2)(A) who was a member of the household of the member or former member at the time of the misconduct described in paragraph (2)(A) shall be entitled to receive medical and den-tal care, to use commissary and exchange stores, and to have other benefits provided to dependents of retired members of the armed forces in the same manner as if the member or former member referred to in paragraph (2)(A) was entitled to retired pay. 
‘‘(C) If a spouse or former spouse or a de-
pendent child eligible or entitled to receive a particular benefit under this paragraph is el-igible or entitled to receive that benefit under another provision of law, the eligi-bility or entitlement of that spouse or former spouse or dependent child to such benefit shall be determined under such other provision of law instead of this paragraph. 
‘‘(7) In this subsection, the term ‘depend-
ent child’, with respect to a member or former member of the armed forces referred to in paragraph (2)(A), has the meaning given that term in subsection (h)(11).’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Subsection 
(f) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (i)’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘subsection (j)’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply to a spouse or former spouse, or a de-pendent child of a member or former member of the Armed Forces whose eligibility to re-ceive retired pay is terminated on or after that date as a result of misconduct while a member. 
SA 1775. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself 
and Mr. K IRK) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. 
MCCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. REQUIREMENT THAT THE INSPECTOR 
GENERAL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS POST REPORTS ON THE INTERNET WEBSITE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL. 
Section 312 of title 38, United States Code, 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(c)(1) Whenever the Inspector General 
submits to the Secretary a report or audit (or any portion of any report or audit) in final form, the Inspector General shall, not later than 3 days after such submittal, post such report or audit (or portion of report or audit), as the case may be, on the Internet website of the Inspector General. 
‘‘(2) Nothing in this subsection shall be 
construed to authorize the public disclosure of information that is prohibited from dis-closure by any other provision of law.’’. 
SA 1776. Mr. KIRK submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title V, add the 
following: 
SEC. 524. QUALIFICATIONS FOR ENLISTMENT IN 
THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) A DDITIONAL QUALIFIED PERSONS .—Para-
graph (1) of subsection (b) of section 504 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as 
subparagraph (E); and 
(2) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the 
following new subparagraphs: 
‘‘(C) A person who, at the time of enlist-
ment in an armed force, has resided continu-ously in a lawful status in the United States for at least two years. 
‘‘(D) A person who, at the time of enlist-
ment in an armed force, possesses an em-ployment authorization document issued by United States Citizenship and Immigration Services under the requirements of the De-partment of Homeland Security policy enti-tled ‘Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals’ (DACA).’’. 
(b) A
DMISSION TO PERMANENT RESIDENCE OF  
CERTAIN ENLISTEES .—Such section is further 
amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(c) A
DMISSION TO PERMANENT RESIDENCE  
OFCERTAIN ENLISTEES .—(1) A person de-
scribed in subsection (b) who, at the time of enlistment in an armed force, is not a citizen or other national of the United States or lawfully admitted for permanent residence shall be adjusted to the status of an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence under the provisions of section 249 of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1259), except that the alien need not— 
‘‘(A) establish that he or she entered the 
United States prior to January 1, 1972; and 
‘‘(B) comply with section 212(e) of such Act 
(8 U.S.C. 1182(e)). ‘‘(2) The Secretary of Homeland Security 
shall rescind the lawful permanent resident status of a person whose status was adjusted under paragraph (1) if the person is separated from the armed forces under other than hon-orable conditions before the person served for a period or periods aggregating five years. Such grounds for rescission are in ad-dition to any other provided by law. The fact that the person was separated from the armed forces under other than honorable conditions shall be proved by a duly authen-ticated certification from the armed force in which the person last served. The service of the person in the armed forces shall be proved by duly authenticated copies of the service records of the person. 
‘‘(3) Nothing in this subsection shall be 
construed to alter the process prescribed by sections 328, 329, and 329A of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1439, 1440, 1440– 1) by which a person may naturalize through service in the armed forces.’’. 
(c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) S ECTION HEADING .—The heading of such 
section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 504. Persons not qualified; citizenship or 
residency requirements; exceptions’’. 
(2) T ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 31 of such title is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 504 and inserting the following new item: 
‘‘504. Persons not qualified; citizenship or 
residency requirements; excep-tions.’’. 
SEC. 525. TREATMENT OF CERTAIN PERSONS AS 
HAVING SATISFIED ENGLISH AND CIVICS, GOOD MORAL CHARACTER, AND HONORABLE SERVICE AND DIS-CHARGE REQUIREMENTS FOR NATU-RALIZATION. 
(a) I MMIGRATION AND NATIONALITY ACT.— 
The Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 329A (8 U.S.C. 1440–1) the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 329B. PERSONS WHO HAVE RECEIVED AN 
AWARD FOR ENGAGEMENT IN AC-TIVE COMBAT OR ACTIVE PARTICI-PATION IN COMBAT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of natu-
ralization and continuing citizenship under the following provisions of law, a person who has received an award described in sub-section (b) shall be treated— 
‘‘(A) as having satisfied the requirements 
under sections 312(a) and 316(a)(3), and sub-sections (b)(3), (c), and (e) of section 328; and 
‘‘(B) except as provided in paragraph (2), 
under sections 328 and 329— 
‘‘(i) as having served honorably in the 
Armed Forces for (in the case of section 328) a period or periods aggregating 1 year; and 
‘‘(ii) if separated from such service, as hav-
ing been separated under honorable condi-tions. 
‘‘(2) R
EVOCATION .—Notwithstanding para-
graph (1)(B), any person who separated from the Armed Forces under other than honor-able conditions may be subject to revocation of citizenship under section 328(f) or 329(c) if the other requirements under such section are met. 
‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION .—This section shall apply 
with respect to the following awards from the Armed Forces of the United States: 
‘‘(1) The Combat Infantryman Badge from 
the Army. 
‘‘(2) The Combat Medical Badge from the 
Army. 
‘‘(3) The Combat Action Badge from the 
Army. 
‘‘(4) The Combat Action Ribbon from the 
Navy, the Marine Corps, or the Coast Guard. 
‘‘(5) The Air Force Combat Action Medal. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.078 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3832 June 4, 2015 
‘‘(6) Any other award that the Secretary of 
Defense determines to be an equivalent award for engagement in active combat or active participation in combat.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 329A the following: 
‘‘Sec. 329B. Persons who have received an 
award for engagement in active combat or active participation in combat.’’. 
SA 1777. Mr. DAINES submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 213, between lines 9 and 10, insert 
the following: 
(3) P RESERVATION OF CURRENT BAH FOR CER -
TAIN OTHER MARRIED MEMBERS .—Notwith-
standing paragraph (1), the amount of basic allowance for housing payable to a member of the uniformed services under section 403 of title 37, United States Code, as of September 30, 2015, shall not be reduced by reason of the amendment made by subsection (a) unless— 
(A) the member and the member’s spouse 
undergo a permanent change of station; 
(B) the member and the member’s spouse 
move into or commence living in on-base housing; or 
(C) the member and the member’s spouse 
change residence from the residence as of that date. 
SA 1778. Mr. BURR (for himself and 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 607, strike ‘‘submit to the congres-
sional defense committees’’ and insert ‘‘, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, submit to the congressional de-fense committees, the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives’’. 
SA 1779. Mr. BURR (for himself and 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 682, beginning on line 8, strike 
‘‘Committees’’ and all that follows through line 11 and insert the following: ‘‘Committee on Armed Services and the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives a report set-
ting forth the policy developed pursuant to subsection (a).’’. 
SA 1780. Mr. CORKER (for himself 
and Mr. C ARDIN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of bill, add the following: 
DIVISION E—DEPARTMENT OF STATE 
AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 5001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Depart-
ment of State Operations Authorization and Embassy Security Act, Fiscal Year 2016’’. 
SEC. 5002. DEFINITIONS. 
In this division: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of 
the Senate; 
(B) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the Senate; 
(C) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of 
the House of Representatives; and 
(D) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the House of Representatives. 
(2) D EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ 
means the Department of State. 
(3) P EACEKEEPING CREDITS .—The term 
‘‘peacekeeping credits’’ means the amounts by which United States assessed peace-keeping contributions exceed actual expendi-tures, apportioned to the United States, of peacekeeping operations by the United Na-tions during a United Nations peacekeeping fiscal year. 
(4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of State. 
TITLE I—AUTHORIZATION OF 
APPROPRIATIONS 
SEC. 5101. ADMINISTRATION OF FOREIGN AF-
FAIRS. 
SEC. 5102. CONTRIBUTIONS TO INTERNATIONAL 
ORGANIZATIONS. 
SEC. 5103. CONTRIBUTIONS FOR INTERNATIONAL 
PEACEKEEPING ACTIVITIES. 
TITLE II—DEPARTMENT OF STATE 
AUTHORITIES AND ACTIVITIES 
Subtitle A—Basic Authorities and Activities 
SEC. 5201. AMERICAN SPACES REVIEW. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appropriate con-gressional committees that includes— 
(1) the full costs incurred by the Depart-
ment to provide American Spaces, includ-ing— 
(A) American Centers, American Corners, 
Binational Centers, Information Resource Centers, and Science Centers; and 
(B) the total costs of all associated— (i) employee salaries, including foreign 
service, American civilian, and locally em-ployed staff; 
(ii) programming expenses; (iii) operating expenses; (iv) contracting expenses; and (v) security expenses; (2) a breakdown of the total costs described 
in paragraph (1) by each space and type of space; 
(3) the total fees collected for entry to, or 
the use of, American Spaces and related re-sources, including a breakdown by the type of fee for each space and type of space; and (4) the total usage rates, including by type 
of service, for each space and type of space. 
SEC. 5202. IDENTIFYING BILATERAL INVESTMENT 
TREATY OPPORTUNITIES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the United States Trade Representative, shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional com-mittees that includes a detailed description of— 
(1) the status of all ongoing investment 
treaty negotiations, including a strategy and timetable for concluding each such negotia-tion; 
(2) a strategy to expand the investment 
treaty agenda, including through— 
(A) launching new investment treaty nego-
tiations with foreign partners that are cur-rently capable of entering in such negotia-tions; and 
(B) building the capacity of foreign part-
ners to enter into such negotiations, includ-ing by encouraging the adoption of best prac-tices with respect to investment; and 
(3) any resources that will be needed, in-
cluding anticipated staffing levels— 
(A) to conclude all ongoing negotiations 
described in paragraph (1); 
(B) to launch new investment treaty nego-
tiations, as described in paragraph (2)(A); and 
(C) to build the capacity of foreign part-
ners, as described in paragraph (2)(B). 
SEC. 5203. REINSTATEMENT OF HONG KONG RE-
PORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through 2020, the Secretary shall submit the report required under section 301 of the United States-Hong Kong Policy Act of 1992 (22 U.S.C. 5731) to the appropriate congressional committees. 
(b) P
UBLIC DISCLOSURE .—The report sub-
mitted under subsection (a) should be unclas-sified and made publicly available, including through the Department’s public website. 
SEC. 5204. UNITED STATES-CHINA STRATEGIC 
AND ECONOMIC DIALOGUE REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Sec-retary of the Treasury, and in consultation with other appropriate departments and agencies, shall— 
(1) conduct a review of the United States- 
China Strategic and Economic Dialogue (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Dialogue’’); and 
(2) and submit a report to the appropriate 
congressional committees that contains the findings of such review. 
(b) C
ONTENT OF REPORT .—The report de-
scribed in subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) a list of all commitments agreed to by 
the United States and China at each of the first 6 rounds of meetings; 
(2) an assessment of the status of each 
commitment agreed to by the United States and China at each of the first 6 rounds of meetings, including a detailed description of— 
(A) any actions that have been taken with 
respect to such commitments; 
(B) any aspects of such commitments that 
remain unfulfilled; and 
(C) any actions that remain necessary to 
fulfill any unfulfilled commitments de-scribed in subparagraph (B); 
(3) an assessment of the effectiveness of 
the Dialogue in achieving and fulfilling sig-nificant commitments on United States pri-orities in the bilateral relationship includ-ing— 
(A) the security situation in the East and 
South China Seas, including a peaceful reso-lution of maritime disputes in the region; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.078 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3833 June 4, 2015 
(B) denuclearization of the Korean Penin-
sula; 
(C) cyber theft of United States intellec-
tual property; 
(D) the treatment of political dissidents, 
media representatives, and ethnic and reli-gious minorities; 
(E) reciprocal treatment of United States 
journalists and academics in China, includ-ing issuance of visas; 
(F) expanding investment and trade oppor-
tunities for United States businesses; 
(G) repatriation of North Korean refugees 
from China to North Korea; and 
(H) promoting and protecting rule of law 
and democratic institutions in Hong Kong; and 
(4) recommendations for enhancing the ef-
fectiveness of the Dialogue in achieving and fulfilling significant commitments on United States priorities described in paragraph (3), including consideration of the use of pre-de-termined benchmarks for assessing whether the commitments achieved are significantly furthering such priorities. 
SEC. 5205. REPORT ON HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLA-
TIONS IN BURMA. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives that— 
(1) describes in detail all known widespread 
or systematic civil or political rights viola-tions, including violations that may con-stitute crimes against humanity against eth-nic, racial, or religious minorities in Burma, including the Rohingya people; and 
(2) provides recommendations for holding 
perpetrators of the violations described in paragraph (1) accountable for their actions. 
SEC. 5206. COMBATING ANTI-SEMITISM. 
Of the amount authorized to be appro-
priated for Diplomatic and Consular Pro-grams, $500,000 shall be made available to the Bureau for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor to support efforts by American and European Jewish and other civil society or-ganizations, focusing on youth, to combat anti-Semitism and other forms of religious, ethnic, or racial intolerance in Europe. 
SEC. 5207. BIOTECHNOLOGY GRANTS. 
Title I of the State Department Basic Au-
thorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2651a et seq.), is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 63. BIOTECHNOLOGY GRANTS AUTHOR-
IZED. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State 
is authorized to support, through grants, co-operative agreements, contracts, outreach, and public diplomacy activities, activities promoting the benefits of agricultural bio-technology, biofuels, science-based regu-latory systems, and the application of such technologies for trade and development. 
‘‘(b) L
IMITATION .—The total amount of 
grants and other assistance provided pursu-ant to subsection (a) shall not exceed $500,000 in any fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 5208. DEFINITION OF ‘‘USE’’ IN PASSPORT 
AND VISA OFFENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 75 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting before section 1541 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1540. DEFINITION OF ‘USE’ AND ‘USES’. 
‘‘In this chapter, the terms ‘use’ and ‘uses’ 
shall be given their plain meaning, which shall include use for identification pur-poses.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for chapter 75 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting before the item relating to section 1541 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘1540. Definition of ‘use’ and ‘uses’.’’. SEC. 5209. SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY FELLOW-
SHIPS. 
Section 504 of the Foreign Relations Au-
thorization Act, Fiscal Year 1979 (22 U.S.C. 2656d) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) G
RANTS AND COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS  
RELATED TO SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY FEL-
LOWSHIP PROGRAMS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary is author-
ized to provide grants or enter into coopera-tive agreements for science and technology fellowship programs of the Department of State. 
‘‘(2) R
ECRUITMENT ; STIPENDS .—Assistance 
authorized under paragraph (1) may be used— 
‘‘(A) to recruit fellows; and ‘‘(B) to pay stipends, travel, and other ap-
propriate expenses to fellows. 
‘‘(3) C
LASSIFICATION OF STIPENDS .—Stipends 
paid under paragraph (2)(B) shall not be con-sidered compensation for purposes of section 209 of title 18, United States Code. 
‘‘(4) L
IMITATION .—The total amount of as-
sistance provided under this subsection may not exceed $500,000 in any fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 5210. NAME CHANGES. 
(a) P UBLIC LAW87–195.—Section 607(d) of 
the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2357(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary of State for Oceans and Inter-national Environmental and Scientific Af-fairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretary of State for Oceans, Environment, and Science’’. 
(b) P
UBLIC LAW88–206.—Section 617(a) of 
the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7671p(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary of State for Oceans and International Environ-mental and Scientific Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretary of State for Oceans, Environment, and Science’’. 
(c) P
UBLIC LAW93–126.—Section 9(a) of the 
Department of State Appropriations Author-ization Act of 1973 (22 U.S.C. 2655a) is amend-ed— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Bureau of Oceans and 
International Environmental and Scientific Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Oceans, Environment, and Science’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary of 
State for Oceans and International Environ-mental and Scientific Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretary of State for Oceans, Environment, and Science’’. 
(d) P
UBLIC LAW106–113.—Section 1112(a) of 
the Admiral James W. Nance and Meg Dono-van Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 2000 and 2001 (22 U.S.C. 2652c(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Verification and Compliance.’’ and inserting ‘‘Arms Control, Verification, and Compliance (referred to in this section as the ‘Assistant Secretary’).’’. 
SEC. 5211. ANTI-PIRACY INFORMATION SHARING. 
The Secretary is authorized to provide for 
the participation of the United States in the Information Sharing Centre located in Singapore, as established by the Regional Cooperation Agreement on Combating Pi-racy and Armed Robbery Against Ships in Asia, done at Singapore November 11, 2004. 
SEC. 5212. REPORT REFORM. 
(a) H UMAN RIGHTS REPORT .—Section 549 of 
the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2347h) is repealed. 
(b) R
OUGH DIAMONDS ANNUAL REPORT .— 
Section 12 of the Clean Diamond Trade Act (19 U.S.C. 3911) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 12. REPORTS. 
‘‘For each country that, during the pre-
ceding 12-month period, exported rough dia-monds to the United States and was export-ing rough diamonds not controlled through the Kimberley Process Certification Scheme, if the failure to do so has significantly in-creased the likelihood that those diamonds not so controlled are being imported into the 
United States, the President shall submit a semi-annual report to Congress that explains what actions have been taken by the United States or such country since the previous re-port to ensure that diamonds, the expor-tation of which was not controlled through the Kimberley Process Certification Scheme, are not being imported from that country into the United States. A country shall be included in the report required under this section until the country is controlling the importation and exportation of rough dia-monds through the Kimberley Process Cer-tification Scheme.’’. 
Subtitle B—Additional Matters 
SEC. 5221. ATROCITIES PREVENTION BOARD. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The President is au-
thorized to establish, within the Executive Office of the President, an Interagency Atrocities Prevention Board (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Board’’). 
(b) D
UTIES .—The Board is authorized— 
(1) to coordinate an interagency approach 
to preventing mass atrocities; 
(2)(A) to propose policies to integrate the 
early warning systems of national security agencies, including intelligence agencies, with respect to incidents of mass atrocities; and 
(B) to coordinate the policy response to 
such incidents; 
(3) to identify relevant Federal agencies, 
which shall track and report on Federal funding spent on atrocity prevention efforts; 
(4) to oversee the development and imple-
mentation of comprehensive atrocities pre-vention and response strategies; 
(5) to identify available resources and pol-
icy options necessary to prevent the emer-gence or escalation of mass atrocities; 
(6) to identify and propose policies to close 
gaps in expertise, readiness, and planning for atrocities prevention and early action across Federal agencies, including training for em-ployees at relevant Federal agencies; 
(7) to engage relevant civil society and 
nongovernmental organization stakeholders in regular consultations to solicit current in-formation on countries of concern; and 
(8) to conduct an atrocity-specific expert 
review of policy and programming of all countries at risk for mass atrocities. 
(c) L
EADERSHIP .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Board shall be headed 
by a Senior Director, who— 
(A) shall be appointed by the President; 
and 
(B) shall report to the Assistant to the 
President for National Security Affairs. 
(2) R ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Senior Director 
shall have primary responsibility for— 
(A) recommending and promoting United 
States Government policies on preventing mass atrocities; and 
(B) carrying out the duties described in 
subsection (b). 
(d) C
OMPOSITION .—The Board shall be com-
posed of— 
(1) representatives from— (A) the Department of State; (B) the United States Agency for Inter-
national Development; 
(C) the Department of Defense; (D) the Department of Justice; (E) the Department of the Treasury; (F) the Department of Homeland Security; (G) the Central Intelligence Agency; (H) the Office of the Director of National 
Intelligence; 
(I) the United States Mission to the United 
Nations; and 
(J) the Federal Bureau of Investigation; 
and 
(2) such other individuals as the President 
may appoint. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.075 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3834 June 4, 2015 
(e) C OORDINATION .—The Board is authorized 
to coordinate with relevant officials and gov-ernment agencies responsible for foreign pol-icy with respect to particular regions and countries to help provide a cohesive, whole of government response and policy direction to emerging and ongoing atrocities. 
(f) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a classified report, with an unclassified annex, which shall in-clude— 
(1) an update on the interagency review 
mandated by Presidential Study Directive 10 that includes— 
(A) an evaluation of current mechanisms 
and capacities for government-wide detec-tion, early warning, information-sharing, contingency planning, and coordination of efforts to prevent and respond to situations of genocide, mass atrocities, and other mass violence, including such mass gender- and ethnicity-based violence; 
(B) an assessment of the funding spent by 
relevant Federal agencies on atrocity pre-vention activities; 
(C) current annual global assessments of 
sources of conflict and instability; 
(D) recommendations to further strengthen 
United States capabilities to improve the mechanisms described in subparagraph (A); and 
(E) evaluations of the various approaches 
to enhancing capabilities and improving the mechanisms described in subparagraph (A); 
(2) recommendations to ensure burden 
sharing by— 
(A) improving international cooperation 
and coordination to enhance multilateral mechanisms for preventing genocide and atrocities, including improving the role of regional and international organizations in conflict prevention, mitigation, and re-sponse; and 
(B) strengthening regional organizations; 
and 
(3) the implementation status of the rec-
ommendations contained in the interagency review described in paragraph (1). 
(g) M
ATERIALS AND BRIEFINGS .—The Senior 
Director and the members of the Board shall brief the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives at least annually. 
(h) S
UNSET .—This section shall cease to be 
effective on June 30, 2017. 
SEC. 5222. UNITED STATES ENGAGEMENT IN THE 
INDO-PACIFIC. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit a com-prehensive assessment to the Chairmen and Ranking Members of the Committee on For-eign Relations of the Senate and the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives of the United States engage-ment in the Indo-Pacific, including with partners across the Indo-Pacific region. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment submitted 
under subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) a review of current and emerging 
United States diplomatic, national security, and economic interests and trends in the Indo-Pacific region; 
(2) a review of resources devoted to United 
States diplomatic, economic, trade, develop-ment, and cultural engagement and plans in the Indo-Pacific region during the 10-year pe-riod ending on the date of the enactment of this Act; 
(3) options for the realignment of United 
States engagement in the Indo-Pacific re-gion to respond to new opportunities and challenges, including linking United States strategy more broadly across the Indo-Pa-cific region; and (4) the views of noted policy leaders and re-
gional experts, including leaders and experts in the Indo-Pacific region, on the opportuni-ties and challenges to United States engage-ment across the Indo-Pacific region. 
(c) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary, as ap-
propriate, shall consult with— 
(1) other United States Government agen-
cies; and 
(2) independent, nongovernmental organi-
zations with recognized credentials and ex-pertise in foreign policy, national security, and international economic affairs that have access to policy experts throughout the United States and from the Indo-Pacific re-gion. 
SEC. 5223. JOINT ACTION PLAN TO COMBAT PREJ-
UDICE AND DISCRIMINATION AND TO FOSTER INCLUSION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary is author-
ized to enter into a bilateral joint action plan with the European Union to combat prejudice and discrimination and to foster inclusion (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Joint Action Plan’’). 
(b) C
ONTENTS OF JOINT ACTION PLAN.—The 
Joint Action Plan shall— 
(1) address anti-Semitism; (2) address prejudice against, and the dis-
criminatory treatment of, racial, ethnic, and religious minorities; 
(3) promote equality of opportunity for ac-
cess to quality education and economic op-portunities; and 
(4) promote equal treatment by the justice 
system. 
(c) C
OOPERATION .—In developing the Joint 
Action Plan, the Secretary shall— 
(1) leverage interagency policy expertise in 
the United States and Europe; 
(2) develop partnerships among civil soci-
ety and private sector stakeholders; and 
(3) draw upon the extensive work done by 
the Organization for Security and Co-oper-ation in Europe to address anti-Semitism. 
(d) I
NITIATIVES .—The Joint Action Plan 
may include initiatives for promoting equal-ity of opportunity and methods of elimi-nating prejudice and discrimination based on religion, race, or ethnicity, including— 
(1) training programs; (2) regional initiatives to promote equality 
of opportunity through the strengthening of democratic institutions; 
(3) public-private partnerships with enter-
prises and nongovernmental organizations; 
(4) exchanges of technical experts; (5) scholarships and fellowships; and (6) political empowerment and leadership 
initiatives. 
(e) D
EPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY .—The 
Secretary shall delegate, to a Deputy Assist-ant Secretary, the responsibility for coordi-nating the implementation of the Joint Ac-tion Plan with his or her European Union counterpart. 
(f) L
EGAL EFFECTS .—Any Joint Action 
Plan adopted under this section— 
(1) shall not be legally binding; and (2) shall create no rights or obligations 
under international or United States law. 
(g) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section may be construed to authorize— 
(1) the Secretary to enter into a legally 
binding agreement or Joint Action Plan with the European Union; or 
(2) any additional appropriations for the 
purposes and initiatives described in this section. 
(h) P
ROGRESS REPORT .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a progress report on the development of the Joint Ac-tion Plan to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives. SEC. 5224. REPORT ON DEVELOPING COUNTRY 
DEBT SUSTAINABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Sec-retary of Treasury, shall submit a report containing an assessment of the current ex-ternal debt environment for developing countries and identifying particular short- term risks to debt sustainability to— 
(1) the appropriate congressional commit-
tees; 
(2) the Committee on Banking, Housing, 
and Urban Affairs of the Senate; and 
(3) the Committee on Financial Services of 
the House of Representatives. 
(b) C
ONTENT .—The report submitted under 
subsection (a) shall assess— 
(1) the impact of new lending relationships, 
including the role of new creditors; 
(2) the adequacy of current multilateral 
surveillance mechanisms in guarding against debt distress in developing countries; 
(3) the ability of developing countries to 
borrow on global capital markets; and 
(4) the interaction between debt sustain-
ability objectives of the developing world and the development-oriented investment agenda of the G–20, including the impact of— 
(A) current debt sustainability objectives 
on investment in developing countries; and 
(B) investment objectives proposed by the 
G–20 on the ability to meet the goals of— 
(i) the Heavily Indebted Poor Country Ini-
tiative; and 
(ii) the Multilateral Debt Relief Initiative. 
TITLE III—ORGANIZATION AND PER-
SONNEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE 
Subtitle A—Organizational Matters 
SEC. 5301. RIGHTSIZING ACCOUNTABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Within 60 days of receipt 
of rightsizing recommendations pursuant to a review conducted by the Office of Manage-ment, Policy, Rightsizing, and Innovation relating to overseas staffing levels at United States overseas posts, the relevant chief of mission, in coordination with the relevant regional bureau, shall provide to the Office of Management, Policy, Rightsizing, and In-novation, a response describing— 
(1) any rightsizing recommendations that 
are accepted by such chief of mission and re-gional bureau; 
(2) a detailed schedule for implementation 
of any such recommendations; 
(3) any recommendations that are rejected; 
and 
(4) a detailed justification providing the 
basis for the rejection of any such rec-ommendations. 
(b) A
NNUAL REPORT .—The Secretary shall 
report annually to the appropriate congres-sional committees, at the time of submission of the President’s annual budget request to Congress, on the status of all rightsizing rec-ommendations and responses described in subsection (a) from the preceding five years, to include the following: 
(1) A list of all such rightsizing rec-
ommendations made, including whether each such recommendation was accepted or re-jected by the relevant chief of mission and regional bureau. 
(2) For any accepted recommendations, a 
detailed description of the current status of its implementation according to the sched-ule provided pursuant to subsection (a)(2), including an explanation for any departure from, or changes to, such schedule. 
(3) For any rejected recommendations, the 
justification provided pursuant to subsection (a)(4). 
(c) R
EPORT ON REGIONAL BUREAU STAFF -
ING.—The Secretary shall provide an annual 
report accompanying the report required by subsection (b) that provides— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.075 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3835 June 4, 2015 
(1) an enumeration of the domestic staff 
positions in each regional bureau of the De-partment; 
(2) a detailed explanation of the extent to 
which the staffing of each regional bureau reflects the overseas requirements of the United States within each such region; 
(3) if the Secretary determines there are 
any significant imbalances in staffing among regional bureaus or between any regional bu-reau and the overseas requirements of the United States within such region such that staffing does not reflect the foreign policy priorities of the United States or the effec-tive conduct of the foreign affairs of the United States, a detailed plan for how the Department will seek to rectify any such im-balances, including a schedule for implemen-tation; and 
(4) a detailed description of the current 
status of implementation of any plan pro-vided pursuant to paragraph (3) according to the schedule provided pursuant to such para-graph, including an explanation for any de-parture from, or changes to, such schedule. 
SEC. 5302. INTEGRATION OF FOREIGN ECONOMIC 
POLICY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State, 
with the assistance of the Undersecretary of Economic Growth, Energy and the Environ-ment, shall establish foreign economic pol-icy priorities for each regional bureau, in-cluding for individual countries as appro-priate, and shall establish policies and guid-ance for the purpose of integrating such for-eign economic policy priorities throughout the Department. 
(b) T
ASKING OF DEPUTY ASSISTANT SEC-
RETARY .—Within each regional bureau of the 
Department, the Secretary shall task a Dep-uty Assistant Secretary, having appropriate training and background in economic and commercial affairs, with responsibility for 
consideration of economic matters and inter-ests within the responsibilities of such re-gional bureau, including the integration of the foreign economic policy priorities estab-lished pursuant to subsection (a). 
(c) C
OORDINATION .—The Deputy Assistant 
Secretary tasked with responsibility for eco-nomic matters and interests pursuant to subsection (b) within each bureau shall— 
(1) at the direction of the relevant Assist-
ant Secretary, review and report to the As-sistant Secretary of such bureau on all eco-nomic matters and interests; and 
(2) serve as liaison with the office of the 
Undersecretary for Economic Growth. 
SEC. 5303. REVIEW OF BUREAU OF AFRICAN AF-
FAIRS AND BUREAU OF NEAR EAST-ERN AFFAIRS JURISDICTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall, 
within 180 days of enactment of this Act, conduct a review of jurisdictional responsi-bility of the Bureau of African Affairs and that of the Bureau for Near Eastern Affairs as it specifically relates to the North African countries of Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia, and Libya, and report the findings of the review to the appropriate congressional commit-tees, including recommendations on whether jurisdictional responsibility among such bu-reaus should be adjusted. 
(b) R
EVIEW .—The review required under 
subsection (a) shall— 
(1) identify regional strategic priorities; (2) assess regional dynamics between the 
North Africa and Sub-Saharan Africa re-gions, including the degree to which the pri-orities identified pursuant to paragraph (1) are distinct between each such region, or have similar application across such regions; 
(3) identify current priorities and effective-
ness of United States Government regional engagement in North Africa and Sub-Saha-ran Africa, including through security as-sistance, economic assistance, humanitarian assistance, and trade, (4) assess the degree to which such engage-
ment is inefficient, duplicative, or uncoordi-nated between the North Africa and Sub-Sa-haran Africa regions, or is otherwise harmed or limited as a result of the current division of jurisdictional responsibilities; 
(5) assess the overall coherence and effec-
tiveness of the current division of jurisdic-tional responsibilities in Africa between the Bureau of African Affairs and the Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs, including with regard to coordination with other United States de-partments or agencies; and 
(6) assess any opportunities and costs in 
transferring jurisdictional responsibility of Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia, and Libya from the Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs to the Bureau of African Affairs. 
SEC. 5304. SPECIAL ENVOYS, REPRESENTATIVES, 
ADVISORS, AND COORDINATORS. 
Not later than 90 days after the enactment 
of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port on special envoys, representatives, advi-sors, and coordinators of the Department, which shall include at minimum the fol-lowing elements: 
(1) A tabulation of the current names, 
ranks, positions, and responsibilities of all special envoy, representative, advisor, and coordinator positions at the Department, in-cluding with a category for all such positions at the level of assistant secretary equivalent or above. 
(2) For each position identified pursuant to 
the requirements of this section— 
(A) the date the position was created; (B) the mechanism by which the position 
was created, including the authority pursu-ant to which the position was created; 
(C) the positions identified as authorized 
pursuant to section 1(d) of the Basic Au-thorities Act (22 U.S.C. 2651a(d)); 
(D) a description of whether and the extent 
to which the responsibilities assigned the po-sition duplicate the responsibilities of other current officials within the Department, in-cluding of other special envoys, representa-tives and advisors; 
(E) which current official within the De-
partment would be assigned the responsibil-ities of the position in the absence of the po-sition; 
(F) to which current official within the De-
partment the position directly reports; 
(G) the total number of staff assigned to 
support the position; and 
(H) with the exception of those created by 
statute, a detailed explanation of the neces-sity of the position to the effective conduct of the foreign affairs of the United States. 
SEC. 5305. CONFLICT PREVENTION, MITIGATION 
AND RESOLUTION, AND THE INCLU-SION AND PARTICIPATION OF WOMEN. 
Section 704 of the Foreign Service Act of 
1980 (22 U.S.C. 4024) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(e) The Secretary, in conjunction with 
the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, shall ensure that all appropriate personnel respon-sible for, or deploying to, countries or re-gions considered to be at risk of, undergoing, or emerging from violent conflict, including special envoys, members of mediation or ne-gotiation teams, relevant members of the Civil Service or Foreign Service and contrac-tors, obtain training, as appropriate, in the following areas, each of which shall include a focus on women and ensuring women’s mean-
ingful inclusion and participation— 
‘‘(1) conflict prevention, mitigation, and 
resolution; 
‘‘(2) protecting civilians from violence, ex-
ploitation, and trafficking in persons; and 
‘‘(3) international human rights law and 
international humanitarian law.’’. SEC. 5306. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEM 
SECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall regu-
larly consult the Director of the National Security Agency and any other departments or agencies the Secretary determines to be appropriate regarding the security of United States government and non-government in-formation technology systems and networks owned, operated, managed, or utilized by the Department, including any such systems or networks facilitating the use of sensitive or classified information. 
(b) C
ONSULTATION .—In performing the con-
sultations required under subsection (a), the Secretary shall make all such systems and networks available to the Director of the Na-tional Security Agency and any other such departments or agencies to carry out such tests and procedures as are necessary to en-sure adequate policies and protections are in place to prevent penetrations or com-promises of such systems and networks, in-cluding by malicious intrusions by any unau-thorized individual or state actor or other entity. 
(c) S
ECURITY BREACH REPORTING .—Begin-
ning not later than 180 days after enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary shall provide a report, in con-sultation with the Director of the National Security Agency and any other departments or agencies the Secretary determines to be appropriate, to the appropriate committees of Congress describing in detail all known or suspected penetrations or compromises of the systems and networks described in sub-section (a) facilitating the use of classified information and all known or suspected sig-nificant penetrations or compromises of any other such systems and networks that oc-curred since the time of such prior report. 
(d) C
ONTENT .—The report required under 
subsection (c) shall include— 
(1) a description of the relevant informa-
tion technology system or network pene-trated or compromised; 
(2) an assessment of the date and time such 
penetration or compromise occurred; 
(3) an assessment of the duration for which 
such system or network was penetrated or compromised, including whether such pene-tration or compromise is ongoing; 
(4) an assessment of the amount and sensi-
tivity of information accessed and available to have been accessed by such penetration or compromise, including any such information contained on systems and networks owned, operated, managed, or utilized by any other United States Government department or agency; 
(5) an assessment of whether such system 
or network was penetrated by a malicious in-trusion, including an assessment of— 
(A) the known or suspected perpetrators, 
including state actors; 
(B) the methods used to conduct such pene-
tration or compromise; and 
(6) a description of the actions the Depart-
ment has taken or plans to take to prevent future, similar penetrations, or compromises of such systems and networks. 
SEC. 5307. ANALYSIS OF EMBASSY COST SHARING. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit a report to the appro-priate congressional committees that as-sesses the cost-effectiveness and perform-ance of the International Cooperative Ad-ministrative Support Services system (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘ICASS sys-tem’’), including by assessing— 
(1) the general performance of the ICASS 
system in providing cost-effective, timely, efficient, appropriate, and reliable services that meet the needs of all departments and agencies served; 
(2) the extent to which additional cost sav-
ings and greater performance can be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.075 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3836 June 4, 2015 
achieved under the current ICASS system 
and rules; 
(3) the standards applied in the selection of 
the ICASS provider and the extent to which such standards are consistently applied; 
(4) potential reforms to the ICASS system, 
including— 
(A) the selection of more than one service 
provider under certain circumstances; 
(B) options for all departments or agencies 
to opt out of ICASS entirely or to opt out of individual services, including by debundling service packages; 
(C) increasing the reliance on locally em-
ployed staff or outsourcing to local firms where appropriate; and 
(D) other modifications to the current 
ICASS system and rules that would incentivize greater effectiveness and cost ef-ficiency. 
SEC. 5308. PARENT ADVISORY COMMITTEE TO 
THE INTERAGENCY WORKING GROUP TO PREVENT INTER-NATIONAL PARENTAL CHILD ABDUC-TION. 
Section 433(b)(1) of the Homeland Security 
Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 241(b)(1)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) I
NTERAGENCY COORDINATION ..— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State 
shall convene and chair an interagency working group to prevent international pa-rental child abduction. 
‘‘(A) C
OMPOSITION .—The group shall be 
composed of presidentially appointed, Senate confirmed officials from— 
‘‘(i) the Department of State; ‘‘(ii) the Department of Homeland Secu-
rity, including U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement; and 
‘‘(iii) the Department of Justice, including 
the Federal Bureau of Investigation. 
‘‘(B) A
DVISORY COMMITTEE .—The Secretary 
shall convene an advisory committee to the interagency working group established pur-suant to subparagraph (A) for the duration of the working group’s existence, which shall be composed of not less than three left-be-hind parents selected by the Secretary, serv-ing for two-year terms, and which shall peri-odically consult with such advisory com-mittee on all activities of the interagency working group, as appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 5309. IMPROVING RESEARCH AND EVALUA-
TION OF PUBLIC DIPLOMACY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-
duct regular research and evaluation of pub-lic diplomacy programs and activities of the Department including through the routine use of audience research, digital analytics, and impact evaluations to plan and execute such programs and activities, and shall make available to Congress the research and eval-uations conducted pursuant to this section. 
(b) D
IRECTOR OF RESEARCH AND EVALUA -
TION.— 
(1) A PPOINTMENT OF THE DIRECTOR .—Not 
later than 90 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall appoint a Director of Research and Evaluation in the Office of Policy, Planning and Resources for the Under Secretary for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs. 
(2) L
IMITATION ON APPOINTMENT .—The ap-
pointment of a Director of Research and Evaluation pursuant to paragraph (1) shall not result in an increase in the overall full- time equivalent positions within the Depart-ment. 
(3) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Director of Re-
search and Evaluation, as appointed in ac-cordance with this subsection, shall— 
(A) coordinate and oversee the research 
and evaluation of public diplomacy programs of the Department in order to improve public diplomacy strategies and tactics and ensure programs are increasing the knowledge, un-derstanding, and trust of the United States 
by relevant target audiences; 
(B) report to the Director of Policy and 
Planning; 
(C) routinely organize and oversee audi-
ence research, digital analytics and impact evaluations across all public diplomacy bu-reaus and offices of the Department; 
(D) support embassy public affairs sec-
tions; 
(E) share appropriate public diplomacy re-
search and evaluation information within the State Department and with other depart-ments and agencies; 
(F) regularly design and coordinate stand-
ardized research questions, methodologies, and procedures to ensure that public diplo-macy activities across all public diplomacy bureaus and offices are designed to meet ap-propriate foreign policy objectives; and 
(G) report quarterly to the United States 
Advisory Commission on Public Diplomacy, through the Commission’s Subcommittee on Research and Evaluation established pursu-ant to subsection (c), regarding the research and evaluation of all public diplomacy bu-reaus and offices of the Department. 
(4) øN
EED HEADER ¿.—Not later than 180 
days after appointment pursuant to para-graph (1), the Director of Research and Eval-uation shall create guidance and training for all public diplomacy officers regarding the reading and interpretation of public diplo-macy program evaluation findings to ensure that such findings and lessons learned are implemented in the planning and evaluation of all public diplomacy programs and activi-ties throughout the Department. 
(c) P
RIORITIZING RESEARCH AND EVALUA -
TION.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director of Policy, 
Planning, and Resources shall ensure that research and evaluation, as coordinated and overseen by the Director of Research and Evaluation, supports strategic planning and resource allocation across all public diplo-macy bureaus and offices of the Department. 
(2) A
LLOCATION OF RESOURCES .—Funds allo-
cated for the purposes of research and eval-uation of public diplomacy programs and ac-tivities pursuant to the requirements of sub-section (a) shall be made available to be dis-bursed at the direction of the Director of Re-
search and Evaluation among the research and evaluation staff across all public diplo-macy bureaus and offices of the Department. 
(3) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Department should allo-cate, for the purposes of research and evalua-tion of public diplomacy activities and pro-grams pursuant to the requirements of sub-section (a), three to five percent of program funds made available for Educational and Cultural Exchange programs and three to five percent of program funds allocated for public diplomacy programs within Diplo-matic and Consular Programs. (e) Advisory Commission on Public Diplomacy. 
(4) S
UBCOMMITTEE FOR RESEARCH AND EVAL -
UATION .—The Advisory Commission on Pub-
lic Diplomacy shall establish a Sub-committee for Research and Evaluation to monitor and advise on the research and eval-uation activities of the Department and the Broadcasting Board of Governors. 
(5) R
EPORT .—The Subcommittee estab-
lished under paragraph (1) shall report annu-ally to Congress in the Commission’s Com-prehensive Annual Report on the perform-ance of the Department and the Broad-casting Board of Governors in carrying out research and evaluations of their respective public diplomacy programming. 
(6) R
EAUTHORIZATION .—Section 1334 of the 
Foreign Affairs Reform and Restructuring Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6553) is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘Oc-tober 1, 2020’’. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A UDIENCE RESEARCH .—The term ‘‘audi-
ence research’’ means research conducted at the outset of public diplomacy program or campaign planning and design on specific au-dience segments to understand the attitudes, interests, knowledge and behaviors of such audience segments. 
(2) D
IGITAL ANALYTICS .—The term ‘‘digital 
analytics’’ means the analysis of qualitative and quantitative data, accumulated in dig-ital format, to indicate the outputs and out-comes of a public diplomacy program or campaign. 
(3) I
MPACT EVALUATION .—The term ‘‘impact 
evaluation’’ means an assessment of the changes in the audience targeted by a public diplomacy program or campaign that can be attributed to such program or campaign. 
Subtitle B—Personnel Matters 
SEC. 5321. REVIEW OF FOREIGN SERVICE OFFI-
CER COMPENSATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall commission an inde-pendent assessment of Foreign Service Offi-cer compensation to ensure that such com-pensation is achieving its purposes and the goals of the Department, including to re-cruit, retain, and maintain the world’s pre-mier diplomatic corps. 
(b) R
EPORT .—The assessment required by 
subsection (a) shall be completed and sub-mitted as a report to the appropriate con-gressional committees, accompanied by the views of the Secretary, not later than 180 days after the enactment of this Act. 
(c) C
ONTENT .—The report required by sub-
section (b) shall include at minimum the fol-lowing elements: 
(1) A list of all compensation received by 
Foreign Service Officers assigned domesti-cally or overseas, including base salary and benefits, allowances, differentials, or incen-tives. 
(2) For each such form of compensation de-
scribed in paragraph (1)— 
(A) an explanation of its stated purpose; (B) a description of all relevant authori-
ties, including statutory authority; and 
(C) an assessment of the degree to which 
its use matches its stated purpose. 
(3) An assessment of the effectiveness of 
each such form of compensation in— 
(A) achieving its stated purpose; (B) achieving the recruiting and retention 
goals of the Department; and 
(C) achieving the assignment placement 
needs of the Department. 
SEC. 5322. REPEAL OF RECERTIFICATION RE-
QUIREMENT FOR SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE. 
Section 305(d) of the Foreign Service Act of 
1980 (22 U.S.C. 3945(d)) is hereby repealed. 
SEC. l5323. COMPENSATORY TIME OFF FOR 
TRAVEL. 
Section 5550b of title 5, United States Code, 
is amended by inserting at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(c) The maximum amount of compen-
satory time off earned under this section may not exceed 104 hours during any leave year (as defined by regulations of the Office of Personnel Management).’’. 
SEC. 5324. CERTIFICATES OF DEMONSTRATED 
COMPETENCE. 
The President shall make the report re-
quired in Sec. 304(a)(4) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3944) available to the public, including by posting it on the Inter-net website of the Department in a con-spicuous manner and location within 7 days after having been submitted to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
SEC. 5325. FOREIGN SERVICE ASSIGNMENT RE-
STRICTIONS. 
(a) A PPEAL OF ASSIGNMENT RESTRICTION .— 
The Secretary shall establish a right and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.075 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3837 June 4, 2015 
process for employees to appeal any assign-
ment restriction or preclusion. 
(b) C ERTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall 
provide a certification to the appropriate congressional committees upon full imple-mentation of a right and process to appeal an assignment restriction or preclusion ac-companied by a written report that provides a detailed description of such process. 
(c) N
OTICE .—The Secretary shall publish 
the right and process established pursuant to subsection (a) in the Foreign Affairs Manual, and shall include a reference to such publica-tion in the report required under subsection (b). 
(d) P
ROHIBITING DISCRIMINATION .—Section 
502(a)(2) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3982(a)(2)) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(2) In making assignments under para-
graph (1), the Secretary shall assure that a member of the Service is not assigned to, or restricted from, a position at a post in a par-ticular geographic area, or domestically in a position working on issues relating to a par-ticular geographic area, exclusively on the basis of the race, ethnicity, or religion of that member.’’. 
SEC. 5326. SECURITY CLEARANCE SUSPENSIONS. 
(a) S USPENSION .—Section 610 of the Foreign 
Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4010) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(c)(1) In order to promote the efficiency of 
the Service, the Secretary may suspend a member of the Foreign Service without pay when the member’s security clearance is sus-pended or when there is reasonable cause to believe that the member has committed a crime for which a sentence of imprisonment may be imposed. 
‘‘(2) Any member of the Foreign Service for 
whom a suspension is proposed shall be enti-tled to— 
‘‘(A) written notice stating the specific 
reasons for the proposed suspension; 
‘‘(B) a reasonable time to respond orally 
and in writing to the proposed suspension; 
‘‘(C) representation by an attorney or 
other representative; and 
‘‘(D) a final written decision, including the 
specific reasons for such decision, as soon as practicable. 
‘‘(3) Any member suspended under this sec-
tion may file a grievance in accordance with the procedures applicable to grievances under chapter 11 of this title. 
‘‘(4) In the case of a grievance filed under 
paragraph (3)— 
‘‘(A) the review by the Foreign Service 
Grievance Board shall be limited to a deter-mination of whether the provisions of para-graphs (1) and (2) have been fulfilled; and 
‘‘(B) the Foreign Service Grievance Board 
may not exercise the authority provided under section 1106(8) of the Act (22 U.S.C. 4136(8)). 
‘‘(5) In this subsection: 
‘‘(A) The term ‘reasonable time’ means— ‘‘(i) with respect to a member of the For-
eign Service assigned to duty in the United States, 15 days after receiving notice of the proposed suspension; and 
‘‘(ii) with respect to a member of the For-
eign Service assigned to duty outside the United States, 30 days after receiving notice of the proposed suspension. 
‘‘(B) The term ‘suspend’ or ‘suspension’ 
means the placing of a member of the For-eign Service in a temporary status without duties and pay.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AND CLERICAL AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) A MENDMENT OF SECTION HEADING .—Such 
section, as amended by subsection (a), is fur-ther amended in the section heading by in-serting ‘‘ ; 
SUSPENSION ’’ before the period at 
the end. (2) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The item relat-
ing to such section in the table of contents in section 2 of such Act is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘Section 610. Separation for cause; suspen-
sion.’’. 
SEC. 5327. ECONOMIC STATECRAFT EDUCATION 
AND TRAINING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish curriculum at the Foreign Services Institute to develop the practical foreign economic policy expertise and skill sets of Foreign Service officers, including by mak-ing available distance-learning courses in commercial, economic, and business affairs, specifically including in— 
(1) the global business environment; (2) the economics of development; (3) development and infrastructure finance; (4) current trade and investment agree-
ments negotiations; 
(5) implementing existing multilateral and 
World Trade Organization agreements, and United States trade and investment agree-ments; 
(6) best practices for customs and export 
procedures; and 
(7) market analysis and global supply 
chain management. 
SEC. 5328. REPORT ON DIVERSITY RECRUITMENT, 
EMPLOYMENT, RETENTION, AND PROMOTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and quadrennially thereafter, the Secretary of State shall submit a comprehensive report to Congress that— 
(1) describes the efforts, consistent with 
existing law, including procedures, effects, and results of the Department of State since the time of the prior such report, to promote equal opportunity and inclusion for all American employees in direct hire and per-sonal service contractors status, particularly employees of the Foreign Service, to include equal opportunity for all races, ethnicities, ages, genders, and service-disabled veterans, with a focus on traditionally underrep-resented minority groups; 
(2) includes a section on— (A) the diversity of selection boards; (B) the employment of minority and serv-
ice-disabled veterans during the most recent 10-year period, including— 
(i) the number hired through direct hires, 
internships, and fellowship programs; 
(ii) the number promoted to senior posi-
tions, including FS–01, GS–15, Senior Execu-tive Service, and Senior Foreign Service; and 
(iii) attrition rates by grade, civil and for-
eign services, and the senior level ranks list-ed in clause (ii); and 
(C) mentorship and retention programs; 
and 
(3) is organized in terms of real numbers 
and percentages at all levels. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted 
under subsection (a) shall describe the ef-forts of the Department of State— 
(1) to propagate fairness, impartiality, and 
inclusion in the work environment domesti-cally and abroad; 
(2) to eradicate harassment, intolerance, 
and discrimination; 
(3) to refrain from engaging in unlawful 
discrimination in any phase of the employ-ment process, including recruitment, hiring, evaluation, assignments, promotion, reten-tion, and training; 
(4) to eliminate illegal retaliation against 
employees for participating in a protected equal employment opportunity activity; 
(5) to provide reasonable accommodation 
for qualified employees and applicants with disabilities; 
(6) to resolve workplace conflicts, con-
frontations, and complaints in a prompt, im-partial, constructive, and timely manner; (7) to improve demographic data avail-
ability and analysis regarding recruitment, hiring, promotion, training, length in serv-ice, assignment restrictions, and pass- through programs; 
(8) to recruit a diverse staff by— (A) recruiting women, minorities, vet-
erans, and undergraduate and graduate stu-dents; 
(B) recruiting at historically Black col-
leges and universities, Hispanic serving in-stitutions, women’s colleges, and colleges that typically serve majority minority popu-lations; 
(C) sponsoring and recruiting at job fairs in 
urban communities; 
(D) placing job advertisements in news-
papers, magazines, and job sites oriented to-ward women and people of color; 
(E) providing opportunities through the 
Foreign Service Internship Program and other hiring initiatives; and 
(F) recruiting mid- and senior-level profes-
sionals through programs such as— 
(i) the International Career Advancement 
Program; 
(ii) the Public Policy and International Af-
fairs Fellowship Program; 
(iii) the Institute for International Public 
Policy Fellowship Program; 
(iv) Seminar XXI at the Massachusetts In-
stitute of Technology’s Center for Inter-national Studies; and 
(v) other similar highly respected inter-
national leadership programs; and 
(9) to provide opportunities through— (A) the Charles B. Rangel International Af-
fairs Fellowship Program; 
(B) the Thomas R. Pickering Foreign Af-
fairs Fellowship Program; and 
(C) the Donald M. Payne International De-
velopment Fellowship Program. 
(c) S
COPE OF INITIAL REPORT .—The first re-
port submitted to Congress under this sec-tion shall include the information described in subsection (b) for the 3 fiscal years imme-diately preceding the fiscal year in which the report is submitted. 
SEC. 5329. EXPANSION OF THE CHARLES B. RAN-
GEL INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS PRO-GRAM, THE THOMAS R. PICKERING FOREIGN AFFAIRS FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM, AND THE DONALD M. PAYNE INTERNATIONAL DEVELOP-MENT FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM. 
(a) A DDITIONAL FELLOWSHIPS AUTHOR -
IZED.—Beginning in fiscal year 2016, the Sec-
retary of State shall— 
(1) increase by 10 the number of fellows se-
lected for the Charles B. Rangel Inter-national Affairs Program; 
(2) increase by 10 the number of fellows se-
lected for the Thomas R. Pickering Foreign Affairs Fellowship Program; and 
(3) increase by 5 the number of fellows se-
lected for the Donald M. Payne International Development Fellowship Program. 
(b) P
AYNE FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM .—Under-
graduate and graduate components of the Donald M. Payne International Development Fellowship Program are authorized to con-duct outreach to attract outstanding stu-dents who represent diverse ethnic and socio-economic backgrounds with an interest in pursuing a Foreign Service career. 
SEC. 5330. RETENTION OF MID- AND SENIOR- 
LEVEL PROFESSIONALS THAT COME FROM UNDERREPRESENTED GROUPS. 
(a) R ETENTION .—Attention and oversight 
should also be applied to the retention and promotion of underrepresented groups to promote a diverse ethnic representation among mid- and senior-level career profes-sionals through programs such as— 
(1) the International Career Advancement 
Program; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.075 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3838 June 4, 2015 
(2) Seminar XXI at the Massachusetts In-
stitute of Technology’s Center for Inter-national Studies; and 
(3) other highly respected international 
leadership programs. 
(b) R
EVIEW OF PASTPROGRAMS .—Past pro-
grams designed to increase minority rep-resentation in international affairs positions should be reviewed, including— 
(1) the USAID Undergraduate Cooperative 
and Graduate Economics Program; 
(2) the Public Policy and International Af-
fairs Fellowship Program; and 
(3) the Institute for International Public 
Policy Fellowship Program. 
TITLE IV—INTERNATIONAL 
ORGANIZATIONS 
Subtitle A—United States Contributions to 
International Organizations 
SEC. 5401. REPORT ON ALL UNITED STATES GOV-
ERNMENT CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE UNITED NATIONS. 
Section 4(c) of the United Nations Partici-
pation Act (22 U.S.C. 287b(c)) is amended by inserting before paragraph (1) the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(1) C
ONTRIBUTIONS TO THE UNITED NA -
TIONS .—A detailed description of all assessed 
and voluntary contributions, including in- kind contributions, of the United States Government to the United Nations and to each of its affiliated agencies and related bodies during the preceding fiscal year, esti-mated for such current fiscal year, and re-quested in the President’s budget request for such following fiscal year. 
‘‘(A) C
ONTENT .—Each report required under 
paragraph (1) shall, for each such fiscal year, include— 
‘‘(i) the total amount or value of all such 
contributions to the United Nations and to each such agency or body; 
‘‘(ii) the approximate percentage of all 
such contributions to the United Nations and to each such agency or body when compared with all contributions to the United Nations and to each such agency or body from any source; and 
‘‘(iii) for each such United States Govern-
ment contribution to the United Nations and to each such agency or body— 
‘‘(I) the amount or value of the contribu-
tion; 
‘‘(II) a description of the contribution, in-
cluding whether it is assessed or voluntary; 
‘‘(III) the purpose of the contribution; ‘‘(IV) the department or agency of the 
United States Government responsible for the contribution; and 
‘‘(V) the United Nations or United Nations 
affiliated agency or related body receiving the contribution. 
‘‘(B) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF INFORMA -
TION.—Not later than 14 days after submit-
ting a report required under subsection (a), the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall post a text-based, search-able version of the report on a publicly avail-able Internet website.’’. 
SEC. 5402. AMENDING THE REPORT ON FINAN-
CIAL CONTRIBUTIONS TO INTER-NATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS. 
Section 405(b) of the Foreign Relations Au-
thorization Act, Fiscal Year 2003 (U.S.C. 287b(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘in which the United States participates as a member.’’, and by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘, including a tabulation of assessed contribu-tions, voluntary contributions, and the ratio of United States contributions to total con-tributions received among the following cat-egories: the United Nations, Specialized Agencies of the United Nations and Other United Nations Funds, Programs, and Orga-nizations; Peacekeeping; Inter-American Or-ganizations; Regional Organizations; and Other International Organizations.’’. SEC. 5403. REPORTING ON PEACEKEEPING AR-
REARS AND CREDITS. 
Section 4(c) of the United Nations Partici-
pation Act (22 U.S.C. 287b(c)) is amended by inserting between paragraphs (2) and (3) the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) P
EACEKEEPING CREDITS .—A complete 
and full accounting of United States peace-keeping assessments and contributions for United Nations peacekeeping operations, to include the following elements: 
‘‘(A) A tabulation of annual United Na-
tions peacekeeping assessment rates, the re-lated authorized United States peacekeeping contribution rate, and the relevant United States public law that determines each such contribution rate for the United Nations peacekeeping budget for each fiscal year be-ginning in 1995 through the current and next fiscal year. 
‘‘(B) A tabulation of current United States 
accrued shortfalls and arrears in each respec-tive ongoing or closed United Nations peace-keeping mission. 
‘‘(C) A tabulation of all peacekeeping cred-
its, including in the categories of— 
‘‘(i) total peacekeeping credits determined 
by the United Nations to be available to the United States; 
‘‘(ii) total peacekeeping credits determined 
by the United Nations to be unavailable to the United States; 
‘‘(iii) total peacekeeping credits deter-
mined by the United Nations to be available to the United States from each open and 
closed mission; 
‘‘(iv) total peacekeeping credits deter-
mined by the United Nations to be unavail-able to the United States from each open and closed mission; 
‘‘(v) total peacekeeping credits applied by 
the United Nations toward prior year short-falls apportioned to the United States; 
‘‘(vi) total peacekeeping credits applied by 
the United Nations toward offsetting future contributions of the United States; and 
‘‘(vii) total peacekeeping credits deter-
mined by the United Nations to be available to the United States, which could be applied toward offsetting United States contribu-tions in the following fiscal year. 
‘‘(D) An explanation of any claim of un-
availability by the United Nations of any peacekeeping credits described in subpara-graph (C)(iv). 
‘‘(E) A description of any efforts by the 
United States to obtain reimbursement in accordance with the requirements of the United Nations Participation Act (22 U.S.C. 287 et seq.), including but not limited to De-partment of Defense materiel and services, including an explanation of any failure to obtain any such reimbursement.’’. 
SEC. 5404. ASSESSMENT RATE TRANSPARENCY. 
The Secretary of State, through the United 
States Ambassador to the United Nations, shall urge the United Nations— 
(1) to share the raw data used to calculate 
member state peacekeeping assessment rates; and 
(2) to make available the formula for de-
termining peacekeeping assessments. 
Subtitle B—Accountability at International 
Organizations 
SEC. 5411. PREVENTING ABUSE IN PEACE-
KEEPING. 
At least 15 days prior to the anticipated 
date of the vote on a resolution for a new, or to reauthorize an existing, peacekeeping mission under the auspices of the United Na-tions, the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion, or any other multilateral organization in which the United States participates, or, in exigent circumstances, as far in advance of any such vote as is practicable, the Sec-retary shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a report that shall in-clude the following: (1) A description of the specific measures 
taken and planned to be taken by such orga-nization related to such peacekeeping mis-sion to— 
(A) prevent the organization’s employees, 
contractor personnel, and forces serving in such peacekeeping mission from engaging in acts of trafficking in persons, exploitation of victims of trafficking, or sexual exploitation or abuse; and 
(B) hold accountable any such individuals 
who engages in any such acts while partici-pating in such peacekeeping mission. 
(2) An assessment of the effectiveness of 
each of the measures described in paragraph (1). 
(3) An accounting and assessment of all 
cases whereby such organization has taken action to investigate allegations of its em-ployees, contractor personnel, or peace-keeping forces serving in such peacekeeping mission engaging in acts of trafficking in persons, exploitation of victims of traf-ficking, or sexual exploitation or abuse, in-cluding a description of the current status of all such cases. 
SEC. 5412. ADDING PEACEKEEPING ABUSES TO 
COUNTRY REPORT ON HUMAN RIGHTS PRACTICES. 
Subsection (d) of section 116 of the Foreign 
Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151n(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(13) for each country that contributes per-
sonnel to United Nations peacekeeping mis-sions, a description of— 
‘‘(A) any allegations of such personnel en-
gaging in acts of trafficking in persons, ex-ploitation of victims of trafficking, or sexual exploitation and abuse while participating in such a peacekeeping mission; 
‘‘(B) any repatriations of such personnel 
resulting from an allegation described in paragraph (A); 
‘‘(C) any actions taken by such country to-
ward personnel repatriated as a result of al-legations described in paragraph (A), includ-ing whether such personnel faced prosecu-tion related to such allegations; and 
‘‘(D) the extent to which any actions taken 
as described in paragraph (C) have been com-municated by such country to the United Nations.’’. 
Subtitle C—Personnel Matters 
SEC. 5421. ENCOURAGING EMPLOYMENT OF 
UNITED STATES CITIZENS AT THE UNITED NATIONS. 
Section 181 of the Foreign Relations Au-
thorization Act for fiscal years 1992 and 1993 (22 U.S.C. 276c–4) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘Not less than 180 days after enact-ment of this Act, and each year thereafter, 
the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the Congress that provides— 
‘‘(1) for each international organization 
which had a geographic distribution formula in effect on January 1, 1991, an assessment of whether each such organization— 
‘‘(A) is taking good faith steps to increase 
the staffing of United States citizens, includ-ing, as appropriate, as assessment of any ad-ditional steps such organization could be taking; 
‘‘(B) has met the requirements of its geo-
graphic distribution formula; and 
‘‘(2) a specific assessment of American rep-
resentation among professional and senior- level positions at the United Nations, includ-ing— 
‘‘(A) a description of the proportion of all 
such United States citizen employment at the United Nations Secretariat and all United Nations specialized agencies, funds and programs; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.075 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3839 June 4, 2015 
‘‘(B) as assessment of compliance by the 
United Nations Secretariat and United Na-tions specialized agencies, funds and pro-grams with any required geographic distribu-tion formula; and 
‘‘(C) a description of any steps taken and 
planned to be taken by the United States to increase such staffing of United States citi-zens at the United Nations Secretariat and United Nations specialized agencies, funds and programs.’’. 
SEC. 5422. ENSURING APPROPRIATE UNITED NA-
TIONS PERSONNEL SALARIES. 
(a) C OMPENSATION OF UNITED NATIONS PER-
SONNEL .—The President shall direct the 
United States Permanent Representative to the United Nations to use the voice, vote, and influence of the United States at the United Nations to— 
(1) establish appropriate policies, proce-
dures, and assumptions for— 
(A) determining comparable positions be-
tween officials in the Professional and high-er categories of the United Nations in New York and that of the United States Federal civil service; 
(B) calculating the margin between the 
compensation of such comparable officials and positions; and 
(C) determining the appropriate margin for 
adoption by the United Nations to govern compensation for such United Nations offi-cials; 
(2) make all policies, procedures, and as-
sumptions described in paragraph (1) avail-able to the public; and 
(3) limit the growth of United Nations offi-
cials compensation to ensure they remain within the margin range established in United Nations General Assembly Resolution A/RES/40/244, or any subsequent margin range adopted by the United Nations to gov-ern compensation for such United Nations officials. 
(b) R
EPORT ON SALARY MARGINS .—The Sec-
retary shall submit a report annually to the appropriate congressional committees at the time of submission of the first President’s budget to Congress— 
(1) describing the policies, procedures, and 
assumptions established or used by the United Nations to— 
(A) determine comparable positions be-
tween officials in the Professional and high-er categories of the United Nations in New York and that of the United States Federal civil service; 
(B) calculate the percentage difference, or 
margin, between the compensation of such comparable officials and positions; and 
(C) determine the margin range established 
in United Nations General Assembly Resolu-tion A/RES/40/244, or any subsequent margin range adopted by the United Nations to gov-ern compensation for such United Nations officials; 
(2) assessing, in conformance with the poli-
cies, procedures, and assumptions described in paragraph (1), the percentage difference, or margin, between net salaries of officials in the Professional and higher categories of the United Nations in New York and that of comparable positions in the United States Federal civil service; 
(3) assessing any changes in the margins 
described in paragraph (2) from the previous year; 
(4) assessing the extent to which any such 
changes described in paragraph (3) resulted from modifications to the policies, proce-dures, and assumptions described in para-graph (1); and 
(5) providing the views of the Secretary on 
any such changes described in paragraph (3) and any such modifications described in paragraph (4). TITLE V—CONSULAR AUTHORITIES 
SEC. 5501. VISA INELIGIBILITY FOR INTER-
NATIONAL CHILD ABDUCTORS. 
Section 212(a)(10)(C)(iii) of the Immigra-
tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(10)(C)(iii)) is amended— 
(1) in subclause (I), by adding ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; 
(2) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and 
inserting a period; and 
(3) by striking subparagraph (III). 
SEC. 5502. PRESUMPTION OF IMMIGRANT INTENT 
FOR H AND L VISA CLASSIFICA-TIONS. 
Section 214(b) of the Immigration and Na-
tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(b)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘(other than a non-
immigrant described in subparagraph (L) or (V) of section 101(a)(15), and other than a nonimmigrant described in any provision of section 101(a)(15)(H)(i) except subclause (b1) of such section)’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘under section 101(a)(15)’’ 
and inserting in its place ‘‘under the immi-gration laws.’’; and 
(3) by striking ‘‘he’’ each place such term 
appears and inserting ‘‘the alien’’. 
SEC. 5503. VISA INFORMATION SHARING. 
Section 222(f) of the Immigration and Na-
tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1202(f)(2)) is amended: 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘issuance or refusal’’ and insert-ing ‘‘issuance, refusal, or revocation’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘and on the basis of reci-procity’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘illicit 
weapons; or’’ and inserting ‘‘illicit weapons, or in determining the removability or eligi-bility for a visa, admission, or another immi-gration benefit of persons who would be inad-missible to, or removable from, the United States;’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘for the purposes’’ and in-
serting ‘‘for 1 of the purposes’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘or to deny visas to persons 
who would be inadmissible to the United States.’’ and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) with regard to any or all aliens in the 
database, specified data elements from each record, if the Secretary of State determines that it is in the national interest to provide such information to a foreign government.’’. 
TITLE VI—OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY 
OPERATIONS 
TITLE VII—EMBASSY SECURITY 
SA 1781. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 528, line 14, insert after ‘‘Arctic re-
gion’’ the following: ‘‘, as well as among the Armed Forces’’. 
On page 528, line 23, insert after ‘‘ture,’’ the 
following: ‘‘communications and domain awareness,’’. 
On page 529, line 5, insert before the period 
at the end the following: ‘‘, including by ex-ploring opportunities for sharing installa-tions and maintenance facilities’’. 
SA 1782. MR. MCCONNELL (for Mr. 
TOOMEY ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by Mr. M CCON-NELL to the bill H.R. 2146, to amend the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow Federal law enforcement officers, fire-fighters, and air traffic controllers to make penalty-free withdrawals from governmental plans after age 50, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 3, strike lines 9 through 11 and in-
sert the following: 
(d) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to distribu-tions after December 31, 2015. 
SA 1783. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1273 and insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 1273. SENSE OF CONGRESS AND REPORT ON 
QATAR FIGHTER AIRCRAFT CAPA-BILITY CONTRIBUTION TO RE-GIONAL SAFETY. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
the Congress that— 
(1) the United States should consider, in a 
timely manner, the July 2013 Letter of Re-quest from the Government of Qatar for fighter aircraft; 
(2) the approval of such a sale would con-
tribute to the self-defense of Qatar, deter the regional ambitions of Iran, reassure partners and allies of the United States commitment to regional security, and enhance the strike capability of fighter aircraft of the Qatar air force; 
(3) the ability of our regional partners to 
respond to threatening Iranian military ac-tions in the Gulf, such as closing the Strait of Hormuz or launching a ballistic missile attack, is a critical element of deterring Ira-nian aggression and to maintaining security and stability in the region; 
(4) the maintenance by Israel of a Quali-
tative Military Edge (QME) is vital, and due diligence is essential in thoroughly evalu-ating the impact of such a sale as it relates to the military capabilities of Israel; and 
(5) the Department of State should 
prioritize its consideration of whether to issue a Letter of Offer and Acceptance, to ad-vance the sale of fighter aircraft to the Gov-ernment of Qatar so that key decisions can be taken regarding the way forward for capa-bilities that are critical for security and sta-bility in the Middle East. 
(b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the risks and benefits of the sale of fighter aircraft to Qatar as described in sub-section (a). 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by 
paragraph (1) shall include the followings: 
(A) A description of the assumptions re-
garding the increase to Qatar air force capa-bilities as a result of the sale. 
(B) A description of the assumptions re-
garding items described in subparagraph (A) as they may impact the preservation by Israel of a Qualitative Military Edge. 
(C) An estimated timeline for final adju-
dication of the decision to approve the sale. 
(3) F
ORM.—The report required by para-
graph (1) may be submitted in classified or unclassified form. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.075 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3840 June 4, 2015 
(4) A PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘ap-
propriate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SA 1784. Mr. KIRK (for himself and 
Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In title V, insert after section 552 the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 552A. AUTHORITY FOR SPECIAL VICTIMS’ 
COUNSEL TO PROVIDE LEGAL AS-SISTANCE TO CIVILIAN INDIVIDUALS WHO ARE VICTIMS OF ALLEGED SEX- RELATED OFFENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 53 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1044e the following new section: 
‘‘§ 1044f. Legal assistance for civilian individ-
uals who are victims of alleged sex-related offenses: Special Victims’ Counsel; civilian counsel 
‘‘(a) A
SSISTANCE THROUGH SPECIAL VICTIMS ’ 
COUNSEL .—Special Victims’ Counsel des-
ignated under section 1044e of this title may provide such legal assistance to a civilian in-dividual who is the victim of an alleged sex- related offense in connection with such of-fense as may be provided under subsection (a) of section 1044 of this title to individuals eligible for legal assistance under that sub-section. 
‘‘(b) A
SSISTANCE THROUGH CIVILIAN COUN-
SEL.—The Secretary concerned may provide 
legal assistance, including representation in legal proceedings, to a civilian individual who is the victim of an alleged sex-related offense in connection with such offense, in-cluding as follows: 
‘‘(1) Through the provision of such assist-
ance through civilian counsel of the military department concerned. 
‘‘(2) Through payment or reimbursement of 
civilian counsel obtained by the civilian in-dividual in connection with such offense. 
‘‘(c) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary of De-
fense and the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall pre-scribe regulations to carry out this section. 
‘‘(d) A
LLEGED SEX-RELATED OFFENSE DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘alleged 
sex-related offense’ has the meaning given that term in section 1044e(g) of this title.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 53 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1044e the following new item: 
‘‘1044f. Legal assistance for civilian individ-
uals who are victims of alleged sex-related offenses: Special Victims’ Counsel; civilian coun-sel.’’. 
SA 1785. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-
ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-
sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. AVOIDANCE OF COMMERCIAL AND 
SUBSISTENCE FISHERIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—To the maximum extent 
practicable, the Secretary of Defense shall— 
(1) endeavor to conduct training exercises 
in a manner that minimizes impact on sub-sistence and commercial fisheries and the long term health of fish species and stocks; and 
(2) endeavor to schedule and locate train-
ing exercises outside of fishing grounds dur-ing fishing seasons. 
(b) C
ONSULTATION .— 
(1) R EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 6 months 
prior to the commencement of a training ex-ercise subject to subsection (a), the Sec-retary of Defense shall consult with the Di-rector of the National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, State and tribal fish and wildlife man-agers, fishery user groups, and Regional Fishery Management Councils established under section 302 of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1852) with respect to the sched-uling and location of the training exercise. 
(2) N
ONAPPLICABILITY OF FACA .—A con-
sultation pursuant to paragraph (1) shall not be subject to the requirements of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). 
(c) E
XCEPTION FOR NATIONAL SECURITY .— 
Subsection (a) shall not apply if the Sec-retary of Defense determines that applica-tion of such subsection is not in the national security interest of the Untied States. 
(d) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section 
may be construed to create any legal right or provide a private right of action for any person. 
SA 1786. Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself 
and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . ENHANCED PENALTIES AND OTHER 
TOOLS RELATED TO MARITIME OF-FENSES AND ACTS OF NUCLEAR TERRORISM. 
(a) P ENALTIES FOR MARITIME OFFENSES .— 
(1) P ENALTIES FOR VIOLENCE AGAINST MARI -
TIME NAVIGATION .—Section 2280a(a)(1) of title 
18, United States Code, is amended, in the undesignated matter following subparagraph (E), by inserting ‘‘punished by death or’’ be-fore ‘‘imprisoned for any term’’. 
(2) P
ENALTIES FOR OFFENSES AGAINST MARI -
TIME FIXED PLATFORMS .—Section 2281a(a)(1) 
of such title is amended, in the undesignated matter following subparagraph (C), by in-serting ‘‘punished by death or’’ before ‘‘im-prisoned for any term’’. 
(b) P
ENALTIES FOR ACTS OF NUCLEAR TER-
RORISM .—Section 2332i(c) of title 18, United 
States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(c) P ENALTIES .—Any person who violates 
this section shall be punished as provided under section 2332a(a).’’. 
(c) P
ROVIDING MATERIAL SUPPORT TO TER-
RORISTS PREDICATES .— (1) M ARITIME OFFENSES .—Section 2339A(a) 
of title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by inserting ‘‘2280a,’’ after ‘‘2280,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘2281a,’’ after ‘‘2281,’’. (2) A
CTS OF NUCLEAR TERRORISM .—Section 
2339A(a) of such title, as amended by sub-section (a), is further amended by inserting ‘‘2332i,’’ after ‘‘2332f,’’. 
(d) W
IRETAP AUTHORIZATION PREDICATES .— 
(1) M ARITIME OFFENSES .—Section 2516(1) of 
title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (p), by striking ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; and 
(B) in paragraph (q), by inserting ‘‘, section 
2280, 2280a, 2281, or 2281a (relating to mari-time safety),’’ after ‘‘weapons)’’. 
(2) A
CTS OF NUCLEAR TERRORISM .—Section 
2516(1)(q) of such title, as amended by sub-section (a)(2), is further amended by insert-ing ‘‘, 2332i,’’ after ‘‘2332h’’. 
SA 1787. Mr. SESSIONS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1242. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON IRAN NEGO-
TIATIONS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) President Obama has routinely spoken 
about a hard line when dealing with Iran on the subject of their nuclear program and re-lated sanctions. 
(2) March 5, 2012, in remarks after meeting 
with Benjamin Netanyahu, President Obama stated: ‘‘. . . I reserve all options, and my policy here is not going to be one of contain-ment. My policy is prevention of Iran obtain-ing nuclear weapons. And as I indicated yes-terday in my speech, when I say all options are at the table, I mean it.’’ 
(3) On September 25, 2012, in a speech to 
the United Nations General Assembly, Presi-dent Obama stated: ‘‘Make no mistake: A nu-clear-armed Iran is not a challenge that can be contained. . .the United States will do what we must to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon.’’ 
(4) On April 2, 2015, in an address in the 
Rose Garden, President Obama stated that ‘‘Iran has also agreed to the most robust and intrusive inspections and transparency re-gime’’ and, ‘‘This deal was not based on trust. It’s based on unprecedented verification.’’ 
(5) Iran’s supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali 
Khamenei, has routinely spoken out openly against the United States and any sanctions against Iran’s nuclear program and related sanctions. 
(6) April 9, 2015, in response to the nuclear 
agreement, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said: ‘‘Iran’s government and security forces wouldn’t permit outside inspections of the country’s military sites, which are officially nonnuclear but where United Nations inves-tigators suspect Tehran conducted tests re-lated to atomic weapons development.’’ 
(7) On May 20, 2015, in a graduation speech 
at the Imam Hussein Military University in Tehran, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei ruled out ‘‘allowing international inspectors to inter-view Iranian nuclear scientists as part of any potential deal on its nuclear program’’, and reiterated that the country ‘‘would not allow the inspection of military sites’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.079 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3841 June 4, 2015 
(b) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that no negotiations should be al-lowed to continue with respect to a nuclear agreement with Iran that does not include robust inspections and proper verification of all Iran’s nuclear programs, military instal-lations, and access to scientists and their re-
spective progress. 
SA 1788. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. 
RUBIO) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 474, between lines 19 and 20, insert 
the following: 
(I) Future design and requirements of the 
replacement for the Ticonderoga class cruis-er. 
SA 1789. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. 
RUBIO) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 10 ll. LIMITATION OF THE TRANSFER OF 
UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO THE GOVERNMENT OF CUBA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No portion of the land or 
water listed by Article I of the United States-Cuba Agreements and Treaty of 1934 shall be transferred to the Government of Cuba, unless— 
(1) a democratically-elected Government of 
Cuba and the United States Government mu-tually agree to new lease terms for such land or water; 
(2) the elections of the Government of Cuba 
were— 
(A) free and fair; (B) conducted under internationally recog-
nized observers; and 
(C) carried out so that opposition parties 
had ample time to organize and campaign using full access media available to every candidate; 
(3) the Government of Cuba has committed 
itself to constitutional change that would ensure regular free and fair elections; 
(4) the Government of Cuba has made a 
public commitment to respect, and is re-specting, internationally recognized human rights and basic democratic freedoms; 
(5) the President certifies to Congress that 
Cuba is no longer a state sponsor of ter-rorism and no longer harbors members of recognized foreign terrorist organizations; and 
(6) the Secretary of Defense certifies that 
the United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba, is inconsequential to United States national security or to the op-eration of the Navy and the Coast Guard in the Caribbean Sea. 
(b) C
ONTINUATION OF CURRENT LEASE .—It 
shall be the policy of the United States to continue to lease the land or waterways that encompass the United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, unless the criteria 
set out in paragraphs (1) through (6) of sub-section (a) are met. 
SEC. 10 ll. PROHIBITION ON RELOCATION OF 
MILITARY EQUIPMENT AND CAPA-BILITIES FROM UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO THE UNITED STATES OR OTHER COUNTRY IN THE CARIB-BEAN REGION. 
(a) L IMITATION .—No military equipment 
may be moved to any other United States military facility to complete the same tasks conducted on, or from, the United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) P
RESERVATION OF OPERATIONAL CAPA-
BILITIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The United States may 
not reduce the operational capabilities pro-vided by assets operating aboard, or from, the United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba, in support of meaningful defense activity. 
(2) I
NCLUDED CAPABILITIES .—Subsection (a) 
applies to— 
(A) the United States Coast Guard per-
sonnel and equipment supporting maritime operations in the vicinity of the United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as for the date of the enactment of this Act; and 
(B) civilian personnel who support military 
activities directly or otherwise, unless Con-gress enacts a law agreeing to move re-sources to a more suitable location which al-lows for comparable defense activity in the region. 
SEC. 10 ll. REQUIREMENT TO TEMPORARILY 
HOUSE MIGRANTS INTERCEPTED IN INTERNATIONAL WATERS BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND THE CAR-IBBEAN AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
The United States may not use appro-
priated funds to move migrants intercepted in the waters between the United States and any foreign country in the Caribbean region to a location other than the United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, un-less— 
(1) the migrant may reasonably be re-
turned to their country of origin; or 
(2) uncontrollable circumstances do not 
allow for a safe transfer of migrants to the United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
SEC. 10 ll. LIMITATION IN THE REDUCTION OF 
MILITARY ACTIVITY ON OR IN THE WATERS NEAR UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
The United States Naval Station, Guanta-
namo Bay, Cuba shall continue to perform as the logistical port for the Navy and Coast Guard operating in the Caribbean Sea at 
operational levels equal to or greater than such level on the date of the enactment of this Act, unless— 
(1) the Government of Cuba displays a le-
gitimate capacity to interdict narcotics traf-ficking throughout the international water-ways surrounding Cuba; 
(2) the Government of Cuba has an estab-
lished maritime authority capable of in-specting cargo and safeguarding ships tra-versing the international waterways near the United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba; and 
(3) the Government of Cuba displays the 
capacity to interdict human traffickers oper-ating throughout the waterways surrounding Cuba. 
SEC. 10 ll. LIMITATION ON MODIFICATION OR 
ABANDONMENT OF LEASED LAND AND WATER CONTAINING UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTA-NAMO BAY, CUBA. 
(a) L IMITATION .—The United States may 
not modify the 45 square mile lease of land or waterways that encompass the United 
States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, unless— 
(1) the President notifies Congress not 
later than 90 days prior to the proposed modification of such lease; and 
(2) after such notification, Congress enacts 
a law authorizing a modification of such lease. 
(b) R
ETENTION .—The United States may 
not abandon any portion of the land or water that contains the United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, unless— 
(1) the President notifies Congress not less 
than 90 days prior to the proposed abandon-ment of such land or water; and 
(2) after such notification, Congress enacts 
a law authorizing such abandonment. 
(c) N
ONEWGRANT OF AUTHORITY .—This 
section may not be construed to grant the President any authority not already pro-vided by the Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996 (22 U.S.C. 6021 et seq.). 
SA 1790. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. 
RUBIO) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1040. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR 
PROGRAMS WHOSE PRIMARY FOCUS IS CLOSURE OF THE TERRORIST DE-TENTION FACILITY ABOARD NAVAL STATION GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
None of the amounts authorized to be ap-
propriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Depart-ment of Defense may be obligated or ex-pended for the purpose of funding personnel or programs whose primary focus is facili-tating the closure of the terrorist detention facility aboard Naval Station Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
SA 1791. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. 
RUBIO) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XXVIII, 
add the following: 
SEC. 2822. LAND EXCHANGE, NAVY OUTLYING 
LANDING FIELD, NAVAL AIR STA-TION, WHITING FIELD, FLORIDA. 
(a) L ANDEXCHANGE AUTHORIZED .—The Sec-
retary of the Navy may convey to Escambia County, Florida (in this section referred to as the ‘‘County’’), all right, title, and inter-est of the United States in and to a parcel of real property, including any improvements thereon, containing Navy Outlying Landing Field Site 8 in Escambia County associated with Naval Air Station, Whiting Field, Mil-ton, Florida. 
(b) L
AND TO BEACQUIRED .—In exchange for 
the property described in subsection (a), the County shall convey to the Secretary of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.079 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3842 June 4, 2015 
Navy land and improvements thereon in 
Santa Rosa County, Florida, that is accept-able to the Secretary and suitable for use as a Navy outlying landing field to replace Navy Outlying Landing Field Site 8. 
(c) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— 
(1) P AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of 
the Navy shall require the County to cover costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for such costs in-curred by the Secretary, to carry out the land exchange under this section, including survey costs, costs for environmental docu-mentation, other administrative costs re-lated to the land exchange, and all costs as-sociated with relocation of activities and fa-cilities from Navy Outlying Landing Field Site 8 to the replacement location. If amounts are collected from the County in advance of the Secretary incurring the ac-tual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the land exchange, the Sec-retary shall refund the excess amount to the County. 
(2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— 
Amounts received as reimbursement under paragraph (1) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover those costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out the land exchange. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or ac-count, and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account. 
(d) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact 
acreage and legal description of the property to be exchanged under this section shall be determined by surveys satisfactory to the Secretary of the Navy. 
(e) C
ONVEYANCE AGREEMENT .—The ex-
change of real property under this section shall be accomplished using a quit claim deed or other legal instrument and upon terms and conditions mutually satisfactory to the Secretary of the Navy and the County, including such additional terms and condi-tions as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. 
SA 1792. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. 
RUBIO) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XXXI, add 
the following: 
SEC. 3124. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR PROVISION OF DEFENSE NUCLEAR NONPROLIFERATION AS-SISTANCE TO RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for fiscal year 2016 for defense nuclear nonproliferation activities, and none of the funds authorized to be appro-priated for defense nuclear nonproliferation activities for any fiscal year before fiscal year 2016 that are available for obligation as of the date of the enactment of this Act, may be obligated or expended to enter into a con-tract with, or otherwise provide assistance to, the Russian Federation until the Presi-dent certifies to the appropriate congres-sional committees that the Russian Federa-tion is in compliance with— 
(1) the Treaty between the United States of 
America and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics on the Elimination of Their Inter-
mediate-Range and Shorter-Range Missiles, signed at Washington December 8, 1987, and entered into force June 1, 1988 (commonly re-ferred to as the ‘‘Intermediate-Range Nu-clear Forces Treaty’’ or ‘‘INF Treaty’’); 
(2) the Treaty between the United States of 
America and the Russian Federation on Measures for the Further Reduction and Limitation of Strategic Offensive Arms, signed on April 8, 2010, and entered into force on February 5, 2011 (commonly referred to as the ‘‘New START Treaty’’); 
(3) its obligations under the Presidential 
Nuclear Initiatives agreed to by President George H.W. Bush and President Boris Yeltsin; and 
(4) its obligations (as the United States de-
fines those obligations) under the Com-prehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty, adopted by the United Nations General Assembly on September 10, 1996. 
(b) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: 
(1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Committee on Foreign Relations of 
the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SA 1793. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1283. CONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT OF CI-
VILIAN NUCLEAR COOPERATION AGREEMENTS. 
(a) T HIRTY -YEAR LIMIT ON NUCLEAR EX-
PORTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, no funds may be used to implement any aspect of an agreement for civil nuclear cooperation pursuant to section 123 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2153) after the date that is 30 years after the date of entry into force of such agreement unless— 
(A) the President, within the final five 
years of the agreement, has certified to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives that the party to such agreement has continued to fulfill the terms and conditions of the agreement and that the agreement continues to be in the interest of the United States; and 
(B) Congress enacts a joint resolution per-
mitting the continuation of the agreement for an additional period of not more than 30 years. 
(2) E
XCEPTIONS .—The restriction in para-
graph (1) shall not apply to— 
(A) any agreement that had entered into 
force as of August 1, 2015; 
(B) any agreement with the Taipei Eco-
nomic and Cultural Representative Office in the United States (TECRO), or the Inter-national Atomic Energy Agency; or 
(C) any amendment to an agreement de-
scribed in subparagraph (A) or (B). 
(b) A
PPLICABLE LAW.—Each proposed ex-
port pursuant to an agreement described under this section shall be subject to United States laws and regulations in effect at the time of each such export. SA 1794. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title X, add the following: 
Subtitle H—Commission on Privacy Rights in 
the Digital Age 
SEC. 1091. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Com-
mission on Privacy Rights in the Digital Age Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 1092. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) Today, technology that did not exist 30 
years ago pervades every aspect of life in the United States. 
(2) Nearly 
2⁄3of adults in the United States 
own a smartphone, and 43 percent of adults in the United States rely solely on their cell phone for telephone use. 
(3) 84 percent of households in the United 
States own a computer and 73 percent of households in the United States have a com-puter with an Internet broadband connec-tion. 
(4) Federal policies on privacy protection 
have not kept pace with the rapid expansion of technology. 
(5) Innovations in technology have led to 
the exponential expansion of data collection by both the public and private sectors. 
(6) Consumers are often unaware of the col-
lection of their data and how their informa-tion can be collected, bought, and sold by private companies. 
SEC. 1093. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this subtitle is to establish, 
for a 2-year period, a Commission on Privacy Rights in the Digital Age to— 
(1) examine— (A) the ways in which public agencies and 
private companies gather data on the people of the United States; and 
(B) the ways in which that data is utilized, 
either internally or externally; and 
(2) make recommendations concerning po-
tential policy changes needed to safeguard the privacy of the people of the United States. 
SEC. 1094. COMPOSITION OF THE COMMISSION. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—To carry out the pur-
pose of this subtitle, there is established in the legislative branch a Commission on Pri-vacy Rights in the Digital Age (in this sub-title referred to as the ‘‘Commission’’). 
(b) C
OMPOSITION .—The Commission shall be 
composed of 12 members, as follows: 
(1) Four members appointed by the Presi-
dent, of whom— 
(A) 2 shall be appointed from the executive 
branch of the Government; and 
(B) 2 shall be appointed from private life. (2) Two members appointed by the major-
ity leader of the Senate, of whom— 
(A) 1 shall be a Member of the Senate; and (B) 1 shall be appointed from private life. (3) Two members appointed by the minor-
ity leader of the Senate, of whom— 
(A) 1 shall be a Member of the Senate; and (B) 1 shall be appointed from private life. (4) Two members appointed by the Speaker 
of the House of Representatives, of whom— 
(A) 1 shall be a Member of the House; and (B) 1 shall be appointed from private life. (5) Two members appointed by the minor-
ity leader of the House of Representatives, of whom— 
(A) 1 shall be a Member of the House; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.084 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3843 June 4, 2015 
(B) 1 shall be appointed from private life. 
(c) C HAIRPERSON .—The Commission shall 
elect a Chairperson and Vice-Chairperson from among its members. 
(d) M
EETINGS ; QUORUM ; VACANCIES .— 
(1) M EETINGS .—After its initial meeting, 
the Commission shall meet upon the call of the Chairperson or a majority of its mem-bers. 
(2) Q
UORUM .—Seven members of the Com-
mission shall constitute a quorum. 
(3) V ACANCIES .—Any vacancy in the Com-
mission shall not affect its powers but shall be filled in the same manner in which the original appointment was made. 
(e) A
PPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS ; INITIAL  
MEETING .— 
(1) A PPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS .—Each mem-
ber of the Commission shall be appointed not later than 60 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
(2) I
NITIAL MEETING .—On or after the date 
on which all members of the Commission have been appointed, and not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall hold its initial meet-ing. 
SEC. 1095. DUTIES OF THE COMMISSION. 
The Commission shall— (1) conduct an investigation of relevant 
facts and circumstances relating to the ex-pansion of data collection practices in the public, private, and national security sec-tors, including implications for— 
(A) surveillance; (B) political, civil, and commercial rights 
of individuals and corporate entities; 
(C) employment practices, including hiring 
and firing; and 
(D) credit availability and reporting; and (2) submit to the President and Congress 
reports containing findings, conclusions, and recommendations for corrective measures re-lating to the facts and circumstances inves-tigated under paragraph (1), in accordance with section 1099B. 
SEC. 1096. POWERS OF THE COMMISSION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) H EARINGS AND EVIDENCE .—The Commis-
sion or, at its direction, any subcommittee or member of the Commission, may, for the purpose of carrying out this subtitle— 
(A) hold such hearings, sit and act at such 
times and places, take such testimony, re-ceive such evidence, and administer such oaths as the Commission or such sub-committee or member determines advisable; and 
(B) subject to paragraph (2)(A), require, by 
subpoena or otherwise, the attendance and testimony of such witnesses and the produc-tion of such books, records, correspondence, memoranda, papers, documents, tapes, and materials as the Commission or such sub-committee or member determines advisable. 
(2) S
UBPOENAS .— 
(A) I SSUANCE .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—A subpoena may be issued 
under paragraph (1) only— 
(I) by the agreement of the Chairperson 
and the Vice Chairperson; or 
(II) by the affirmative vote of 8 members of 
the Commission. 
(ii) S IGNATURE .—Subject to clause (i), a 
subpoena issued under paragraph (1) may— 
(I) be issued under the signature of— (aa) the Chairperson; or (bb) a member designated by a majority of 
the Commission; and 
(II) be served by— (aa) any person designated by the Chair-
person; or 
(bb) a member designated by a majority of 
the Commission. 
(B) E
NFORCEMENT .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—In the case of contumacy 
or failure to obey a subpoena issued under paragraph (1), the United States district 
court for the judicial district in which the subpoenaed person resides, is served, or may be found, or where the subpoena is return-able, may issue an order requiring such per-son to appear at any designated place to tes-tify or to produce documentary or other evi-dence. 
(ii) C
ONTEMPT OF COURT .—Any failure to 
obey the order of the court under clause (i) may be punished by the court as a contempt of that court. 
(3) W
ITNESS ALLOWANCES AND FEES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Section 1821 of title 28, 
United States Code, shall apply to witnesses requested or subpoenaed to appear at any hearing of the Commission. 
(B) S
OURCE OF FUNDS .—The per diem and 
mileage allowances for witnesses shall be paid from funds available to pay the ex-penses of the Commission. 
(b) C
ONTRACTING .—The Commission may, 
to such extent and in such amounts as are provided in appropriations Acts, enter into contracts to enable the Commission to dis-charge its duties under this subtitle. 
(c) I
NFORMATION FROM FEDERAL AGEN-
CIES.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commission may se-
cure directly from any Federal department or agency such information as the Commis-sion considers necessary to carry out this subtitle. 
(2) F
URNISHING OF INFORMATION .—If the 
Chairperson, the chairperson of any sub-committee created by a majority of the Commission, or any member designated by a majority of the Commission submits to a Federal department or agency a request for information under paragraph (1), the head of the department or agency shall, to the ex-tent authorized by law, furnish the informa-tion directly to the Commission. 
(3) R
ECEIPT , HANDLING , STORAGE , AND DIS -
SEMINATION .—Information furnished under 
paragraph (2) shall only be received, handled, stored, and disseminated by members of the Commission and its staff consistent with all applicable statutes, regulations, and execu-tive orders. 
(d) A
SSISTANCE FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES .— 
(1) G ENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION .— 
The Administrator of General Services shall provide to the Commission on a reimburs-able basis administrative support and other services for the performance of the Commis-sion’s functions. 
(2) O
THER DEPARTMENTS AND AGENCIES .—In 
addition to the assistance provided under paragraph (1), departments and agencies of the United States may provide to the Com-mission such services, funds, facilities, staff, and other support services as the depart-ments and agencies may determine advisable and as authorized by law. 
(e) P
OSTAL SERVICES .—The Commission 
may use the United States mails in the same 
manner and under the same conditions as a department or agency of the United States. 
SEC. 1097. NONAPPLICABILITY OF FEDERAL AD-
VISORY COMMITTEE ACT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Federal Advisory 
Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the Commission. 
(b) P
UBLIC MEETINGS AND RELEASE OF PUB-
LICVERSIONS OF REPORTS .—The Commission 
shall— 
(1) hold public hearings and meetings to 
the extent appropriate; and 
(2) release public versions of the reports re-
quired under subsections (a) and (b) of sec-tion 1099B. 
(c) P
UBLIC HEARINGS .—Any public hearing 
of the Commission shall be conducted in a manner consistent with the protection of in-formation provided to or developed for or by the Commission as required by any applica-ble statute, regulation, or executive order. SEC. 1098. STAFF OF COMMISSION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) A PPOINTMENT AND COMPENSATION .—The 
Chairperson, in consultation with the Vice Chairperson and in accordance with rules agreed upon by the Commission, may ap-point and fix the compensation of an execu-tive director and such other personnel as may be necessary to enable the Commission to carry out the functions of the Commis-sion, without regard to the provisions of title 5, United States Code, governing ap-pointments in the competitive service, and without regard to the provisions of chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of that title relating to classification and General Schedule pay rates, except that no rate of pay fixed under this paragraph may exceed the equivalent of that payable for a position at level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of title 5, United States Code. 
(2) P
ERSONNEL AS FEDERAL EMPLOYEES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The executive director 
and any personnel of the Commission who are employees shall be employees under sec-tion 2105 of title 5, United States Code, for purposes of chapters 63, 81, 83, 84, 85, 87, 89, 89A, 89B, and 90 of that title. 
(B) M
EMBERS OF COMMISSION .—Subpara-
graph (A) shall not be construed to apply to members of the Commission. 
(b) D
ETAILEES .—Any Federal Government 
employee may be detailed to the Commission without reimbursement from the Commis-
sion, and such detailee shall retain the rights, status, and privileges of his or her regular employment without interruption. 
(c) C
ONSULTANT SERVICES .—The Commis-
sion may procure the services of experts and consultants in accordance with section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, but at rates not to exceed the daily rate paid a person oc-cupying a position at level IV of the Execu-tive Schedule under section 5315 of that title. 
SEC. 1099. COMPENSATION AND TRAVEL EX-
PENSES. 
(a) C OMPENSATION .—Each member of the 
Commission who is not an officer or em-ployee of the Federal Government may be compensated at not to exceed the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay in effect for a position at level IV of the Execu-tive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, for each day during which that member is engaged in the actual performance of the duties of the Commis-sion. 
(b) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—While away from 
their homes or regular places of business in the performance of services for the Commis-sion, members of the Commission shall be al-lowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in the same manner as persons employed intermittently in the Gov-ernment service are allowed expenses under section 5703 of title 5, United States Code. 
SEC. 1099A. SECURITY CLEARANCES FOR COM-
MISSION MEMBERS AND STAFF. 
The appropriate departments or agencies 
of the Federal Government shall cooperate with the Commission in expeditiously pro-viding to the members and staff of the Com-mission appropriate security clearances to the extent possible under applicable proce-dures and requirements, and no person shall be provided with access to classified infor-mation under this subtitle without the ap-propriate security clearances. 
SEC. 1099B. REPORTS OF COMMISSION; TERMI-
NATION. 
(a) I NTERIM REPORTS .—The Commission 
shall submit to the President and Congress interim reports containing such findings, conclusions, and recommendations for cor-rective measures as have been agreed to by a majority of Commission members. 
(b) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.084 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3844 June 4, 2015 
Commission shall submit to the President 
and Congress a final report containing such findings, conclusions, and recommendations for corrective measures as have been agreed to by a majority of Commission members. 
(c) C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION .—Each report 
submitted under subsection (a) or (b) shall be in unclassified form, but may include a clas-sified annex. 
(d) T
ERMINATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commission, and all 
the authorities under this subtitle, shall ter-minate 60 days after the date on which Com-mission submits the final report under sub-section (b). 
(2) A
DMINISTRATIVE ACTIVITIES BEFORE TER -
MINATION .—The Commission may use the 60- 
day period referred to in paragraph (1) for 
the purpose of concluding its activities, in-cluding providing testimony to committees of Congress concerning its reports and dis-seminating the final report. 
SEC. 1099C. FUNDING. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out this sub-title. 
(b) D
URATION OF AVAILABILITY .—Amounts 
made available to the Commission under subsection (a) shall remain available until the termination of the Commission. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , NUTRITION , AND 
FORESTRY  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 4, 2015, at 10:15 a.m., in room S–240 of the Capitol Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 4, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Ex-port-Import Bank of the United States.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 4, 2015, at 10:15 a.m., in room S–216 of the Capitol Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on June 4, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-
ized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 4, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON AFRICA AND GLOBAL HEALTH  
POLICY  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations Sub-committee on Africa and Global Health Policy be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 4, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Security Assistance in Afri-ca.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT , AGENCY ACTION , 
FEDERAL RIGHTS , AND FEDERAL COURTS  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, Sub-committee on Oversight, Agency Ac-tion, Federal Rights, and Federal Courts be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 4, 2015, at 2 p.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Rewriting the Law: Examining the Process That Led to the ObamaCare Subsidy Rule.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON REGULATORY AFFAIRS AND  
FEDERAL MANAGEMENT  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management of the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 4, 2015, at 1:15 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘Examining Practical Solutions to Improve the Federal Reg-ulatory Process.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that MAJ Justin Gorkowski, a U.S. Army fellow for the office of Senator R
OYBLUNT , be grant-
ed floor privileges throughout the du-ration of consideration of H.R. 1735, the National Defense Authorization Act. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that my na-tional security fellow, Robert Palladino, be given floor privileges through the end of this Congress. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that my in-terns, Jasper MacNaughton and Holly O’Brien, be granted the privilege of the floor for the remainder of the day. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. DEFENDING PUBLIC SAFETY 
EMPLOYEES’ RETIREMENT ACT 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 2146 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2146) to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to allow Federal law enforcement officers, firefighters, and air traffic controllers to make penalty-free withdrawals from governmental plans after age 50, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the 
Toomey amendment at the desk be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and the mo-tion to reconsider be laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 1782) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To change the effective date) 
On page 3, strike lines 9 through 11 and in-
sert the following: 
(d) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to distribu-tions after December 31, 2015. 
The amendment was ordered to be 
engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. 
The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 2146), as amended, was 
passed. 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, JUNE 8, 
2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 3 p.m. on Monday, June 8; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business for up to 1 hour, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each; and that following morn-ing business, the Senate resume consid-eration of H.R. 1735. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROGRAM 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
there will be no rollcall votes during Monday’s session of the Senate. Sen-ators should expect votes around lunchtime on Tuesday. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.084 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3845 June 4, 2015 
previous order, following the remarks 
of Senator C OLLINS and Senator S UL-
LIVAN . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Maine. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATION ACT 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise 
this evening in support of the fiscal year 2016 National Defense Authoriza-tion Act, which provides our soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines with the critical resources they require to meet our critical national security missions. 
Let me begin by expressing my sin-
cere gratitude to both the chairman, Senator M
CCAIN, and the ranking mem-
ber, Senator R EED, for tackling many 
of the complex and challenging issues facing our Nation and our military. 
During my time in the Senate, I have 
never been more concerned about glob-al instability and the threats posed to our country by radical Islamic extrem-ists. We must work together to ensure our collective defense and this bill puts us on the path to doing so. 
The legislation affirms the strategic 
importance of our Navy and ship-building programs by fully funding the DDG 1000 Program and authorizing $400 million in incremental funding author-ity toward an additional DDG 51 be-yond those included in the current multiyear procurement contract. This additional ship is very much needed by our Navy and it would fulfill the terms of a 2002 swap agreement between the two major shipbuilders regarding the construction of large surface combat-ants. Both my colleague Senator A
NGUS KINGand I advocated for these 
critical provisions. 
I am so proud of the highly skilled 
and hard-working men and women of Bath Iron Works in my State who con-struct these ships for the Navy. The DDG 1000 is the lead ship of its class. It will bolster our ability to project power. It promises to deliver a wide array of cutting-edge innovations such as stealth technology, electric propul-sion, and a smaller crew size. 
Our destroyers are the workhorses of 
the Navy. Recently, the Bath-built USS Farragut , which I was honored to 
christen almost 10 years ago, was dis-patched to the Strait of Hormuz after Iranian naval forces harassed commer-cial vessels transiting the area. The USS Farragut escorted U.S.-flagged 
ships through the Strait, projecting American power and sending a strong signal to enemies and allies alike that the U.S. Navy is prepared and ready to respond to acts of aggression. 
Our Navy fleet provides the robust 
forward presence our Nation requires to respond not only to acts of aggres-sion but to humanitarian disasters as well as to protect critical trade groups that facilitate global commerce and se-curity. The power of presence cannot be taken for granted or ignored, which is why the investments in our Navy that are authorized by this bill are so 
critical. We simply need more ships to be where we want to be in the world when we want to be and need to be there. The Navy’s plan shows that un-less we make the investments that are needed, our fleet will continue to shrink and, thus, jeopardize our na-tional security. 
This bill also maintains investments 
in our public shipyards, which are an-other set of strategic facilities in our national security arsenal. 
Recently, I had the honor of hosting 
our Secretary of Labor, Thomas Perez, in Maine. We visited and were so im-pressed by the very successful appren-ticeship program at the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard in Kittery, ME. The shipyard in Kittery is one of only four remaining public naval shipyards, and it is renowned for its skilled and dedi-cated workforce that is helping our Na-tion transition from the Los Angeles 
Class to the Virginia Class submarines. 
This bill also provides the resources 
necessary to help our allies and part-ners around the world. When Hamas fired more than 3,000 rockets into Israel last summer, the value of U.S.- Israeli cooperative missile defense pro-grams became crystal clear. 
During those countless attacks, it 
was the Iron Dome missile defense sys-tem developed in Israel, with coopera-tion and assistance from the United States, that saved countless civilian lives. 
In addition, this bill continues to im-
prove and strengthen the military’s re-sponse to sexual assault. How well I re-member at an Armed Services sub-committee hearing a decade ago when I first raised the issue of sexual assault in the military, and how dismissive the reply was of GEN George Casey. Fortu-nately, that attitude has changed, and in the last 2 years, significant reforms have been implemented to help combat these crimes and improve services and care for the survivors of sexual assault. 
Still, the work of translating the 
military’s stated policy of zero toler-ance into reality remains unfinished business. Key provisions in this year’s bill build upon the past reforms we have made by improving the protec-tions for victims of sexual assault, en-hancing confidential reporting options, and expanding the authority of special victims’ counsel to assist the survivors of sexual assault. The Department of Defense must, however, do more to eliminate, once and for all, retaliation against the victims of sexual assault who come forward to report these crimes. 
To further support our men and 
women in uniform, this bill rejects a provision proposed by the administra-tion that would consolidate TRICARE and limit care options for servicemem-bers and their families. This bill pre-serves the U.S. Family Health Plan, which serves as a model of high-quality and cost-effective care. This program has been extremely successful and pop-ular among enrollees in Maine. I have been impressed with the work I have 
seen them do in case management of chronic diseases such as diabetes. 
This bill also directs the Pentagon to 
rein in or eliminate unnecessary, wasteful spending. It cuts headquarters and administrative costs by 7.5 percent in the year 2016. In this time of budget constraints, we owe it to taxpayers to assess every efficiency and use every cost-saving measure, while also con-tinuing to ensure the security of our Nation. 
Finally, I wish to thank the com-
mittee for making the right decision in rejecting the President’s proposal to authorize a new base realignment and closure round in 2016. I have been through BRAC rounds, and they have required significant costs and have failed to deliver on the promised sav-ings, as has been documented by the Government Accountability Office— GAO. 
This bill would also better tailor the 
HUBZone Program to meet the needs of communities affected by the closure of U.S. military installations through the previous BRAC process. The provi-sions included in the bill are drawn from the HUBZone Expansion Act that I authored with my colleague Senator K
ING. 
I urge support of this highly signifi-
cant legislation. I am pleased to have worked with the members of the com-mittee on which I have served for so many years. Again, I congratulate the leaders of the committee and the mem-bers of the committee for their excel-lent work. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT AND THE ECONOMY 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I rise 
in support of the National Defense Au-thorization Act. This is a bipartisan bill that will provide our servicemem-bers with the funding they need to con-tinue to keep our country safe. 
Over the last 5 months, we have had 
numerous senior military officials, sen-ior military officers, and foreign policy experts talk to the Senate Armed Serv-ices Committee on which I serve about the significant challenges that our country faces. The senior Senator from Arizona talked about this very elo-quently today on the floor about ISIL, a resurgent Russia, North Korea with nuclear weapons, and this NDAA bill that we are now debating on the floor focuses on addressing these challenges. It also makes important moderniza-tions to our investments with regard to military weapons, cuts bureaucratic redtape at the Pentagon, and ensures that our Armed Forces remain the most agile and lethal in the world. It upholds our commitments to our serv-icemembers, to their families, to mili-tary retirees, and to their families. 
It is remarkable that right now, as 
we debate this bill—this critically im-portant bill on the Senate floor—the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.073 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3846 June 4, 2015 
President of the United States has al-
ready come out and said he is going to likely veto it if it is in its current form. He is going to veto the NDAA. Think about that. One of the most im-portant things we are doing to take care of our troops, and the President is threatening a veto. Now, during the markup of this bill, many Members on 
the other side of the aisle—our col-leagues—also threatened to work on the amendments but to not vote for the bill. They were all going to vote against the bill. But we stood firm—the chairman and other members of the committee—and said: This is not the kind of bill we play politics with. This is not the kind of bill we try to make political points on. This is a bill that funds our troops, that funds the de-fense of our Nation. Guess what hap-pened. They got the message. Only four members of the Senate Armed Services Committee voted against this bill. It was a very bipartisan bill coming out of the committee, and I certainly hope, when this bill passes the U.S. Senate and moves to conference with the House and then moves to the Presi-dent’s desk, that he does not play poli-tics with our troops; that he removes his threat to veto one of the most im-portant pieces of legislation that we will work on this year. 
I wish to thank the senior Senator 
from Arizona, the chairman of the Armed Services Committee, for his critical leadership in ushering this bill out of the Senate Armed Services Com-mittee. I had the distinct honor of traveling with Senator M
CCAIN re-
cently to Asia, including to Vietnam, where his service has inspired count-less millions of Americans as well as the people of Vietnam. I saw that first-hand. It was humbling. It was an honor to be there with him, Senator R
EED, 
and Senator E RNST on a trip I will cer-
tainly remember for a lifetime. 
Now, we all took an oath a few 
months ago to pledge solemnly to ‘‘de-fend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic.’’ We took that oath right here on this floor. That is what the NDAA does. It gives our servicemem-bers what they need to fight and defend our great Nation. That is why 53 NDAAs have consecutively passed the Congress. 
It hasn’t been about partisanship. 
This bill has moved through the Con-gress every year for over half a century because it is so important. So again, I would say it would be remarkable if the President of the United States would veto this, particularly given the threats that we see to our Nation. 
I want to talk about those rising 
threats and one of the biggest ones that doesn’t get enough attention. We have heard from the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee and from both sides of the aisle about what those threats are facing our Nation: ISIS, Iran, Russia, China. These are rising threats, no doubt. But there is a rising threat to our national security that almost never gets talked about, 
and in some ways it is the biggest threat that our Nation faces. 
I am talking about our economy. I 
am talking about the need for a strong economy. Our economy is one of the most critical elements of our national security. A strong robust economy is our best defense. We have the greatest military in the world, no doubt—the most professional military force in the world, no doubt. We have built this up over decades. But we built this up and we have it because for decades we have had a strong economy. For decades we have had the most innovative, robust economy in the world. 
A strong economy is our best weapon 
against those who would do us harm. A strong economy means more peace, more security, and more prosperity. When America is strong, when it is working, when it is producing, when our economy is robust, the world is safer. Our strength sends a signal to the world. It allows us to set the nar-rative, to set the rules. It allows us to become the beacon that this country has been for generations. 
Right now, we don’t have this crit-
ical component of our national secu-rity, a strong economy. We do not have this. As a matter of fact, our economy is getting weaker, not stronger. The verdict is in. Economists from all across the country, of all political per-suasions, agree that the recovery from the last recession has been one of the slowest economic recoveries this coun-try has ever had. We have not had a slower recovery in well over 50 years. The American Enterprise Institute has called this recovery ‘‘glacially and painfully slow by historic standards.’’ Even the Center for American Progress, a very liberal think tank, has said that ‘‘this has been a poor recov-ery in every regard.’’ 
That was last year. This year it is 
worse. The gross domestic product, which is the value of everything this country produces, last quarter shrank. Let me repeat that. We didn’t grow. We didn’t grow by 1 percent, 2 percent. The economy of the United States shrank by almost 1 percent. We contracted. It is the third time the economy has shrunk since 2009. 
We don’t even have a recovery. We 
don’t have a recovery. Right now we have no growth. That means Ameri-cans have less money in their pockets. It means wages haven’t kept up with inflation. It means the gap between the richest and the poorest is growing. We must get back to higher growth rates. We must get back to traditional levels of American growth. We must get back to an economy that makes us stronger globally and produces hope and oppor-tunity at home. 
It wasn’t too long ago that we ex-
pected in this country at least 4 per-cent annual GDP growth. That is a very normal, traditional level of Amer-ican growth. When President Reagan was in office, the average growth rate was about 4.8 percent. During Presi-dent Clinton and the first term of 
President Bush it was 3.5 to 4 percent GDP growth. 
(Mr. PERDUE assumed the Chair.) My colleague from Louisiana, who 
was just presiding, wrote a recent ex-cellent article in the Wall Street Jour-nal. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that article be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Wall Street Journal, Apr. 30, 2015] 
DISMAL GROWTH NEEDS THE 3.5% S OLUTION  
THE STEPS TO SPURRING THE ECONOMY INCLUDE  
ALLOWING OIL EXPORTS AND NOT TAXING RE -
PATRIATED OVERSEAS PROFITS  
(By Bill Cassidy and Louis Woodhill) 
On Wednesday the Commerce Department 
announced that first-quarter growth of gross domestic product was a dismal 0.2%. Fol-lowing fourth-quarter GDP growth in 2014 of an anemic 2.2%, the already sluggish econ-omy has slowed almost to a halt. 
America is facing a harsh reality. The re-
covery that began in 2009 is the weakest in postwar history. Millions have dropped out of the labor force, frustrated by lack of op-
portunity. Lower-income workers are under-employed, middle-incomes have not ad-vanced as in the past, and government de-pendency has increased. As budget battles rage in Congress, ignored is what really mat-ters: rapid, sustained economic growth. 
The Congressional Budget Office has esti-
mated that the U.S. economy will grow by a meager 2.3% over the next decade, and its es-timate has declined in the past six months. At this growth rate, Americans face a future of stagnation, inequality and despair. 
Here’s why: From 1790 to 2014, U.S. GDP in 
real dollars grew at an average annual rate of 3.73%. Had America grown at the CBO’s ‘‘economic speed limit’’ of 2.3% for its entire history, GDP would be $780 billion today in-stead of more than $17 trillion. And GDP per capita would be $2,433, lower than Papua New Guinea’s. 
Looked at differently, had GDP grown 
from 2001 to 2014 at the 3.87% annual rate of 1993–2000, the federal government would have had a $500 billion surplus in 2014 instead of a $500 billion deficit. And that’s with the same excessive government spending. 
The last time the federal budget balanced 
was 2001 when there was a $128 billion sur-plus. This was not achieved with spending cuts and tax increases; instead it came after four years of rapid growth—4.45% on average from 1997 to 2000. Helping fuel the economy was a capital-gains tax cut that took effect on Jan. 1, 1997. 
The low growth rate during the Obama ad-
ministration, averaging 1.36%, is not an acci-dent. If the cost of regulations are recog-nized as taxation by other means, President Obama’s first six years of taxes and regula-tions (and threats of more of both) have un-dermined confidence among entrepreneurs, small business owners, and the investors that would back them with capital. For the first time in memory, the number of business entities in America is actually falling, ac-cording to the Census Bureau. 
An example of what not to do is the EPA’s 
proposed ozone rule, which the National As-sociation of Manufacturers predicts will re-duce GDP by $140 billion a year, destroy 1.4 million jobs per year and cost each house-hold $830 per year. All for health-benefits claims that public-health experts find ques-tionable. 
It’s important to be realistic about the fu-
ture, but 2.3% growth is fatalistic, not real-istic. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JN6.075 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3847 June 4, 2015 
President Obama and the Congress should 
be agreeing on what it takes to achieve 3.5% growth. Looking at Social Security Trust-ees’ reports, 3.5% is the rate of growth re-quired to ensure the solvency of Social Secu-rity and Medicare, with no tax increases and no benefit cuts. 
There are tangible steps we can take to-
ward a pro-growth economy. One step is to reform the uncompetitive corporate tax code, as recommended by President Obama’s Bipartisan Debt Commission, among others, including the repatriation of overseas profits without any additional taxation. Increase oil and natural gas exports, which the National Association of Manufacturers estimates would raise 2020 GDP by as much as 1%, while reducing unemployment by 0.5% due to an increase in manufacturing jobs. Rein in the EPA’s animus for fossil fuels. Replace ObamaCare with a plan that lowers, rather than raises, the cost of employment, and which does not incentivize businesses to lay off low-wage workers or cut their hours. 
Congress should devise a plan for 3.5% eco-
nomic growth. This isn’t wishful thinking. High growth is historically normal for the United States. It is the present imperative, it is the only way forward. 
Mr. SULLIVAN. The title is ‘‘Dismal 
Growth Needs the 3.5% Solution.’’ He noted that from 1790 to 2014, almost the entire history of our great Nation, this country grew annually at 3.7 percent GDP growth—3.7 percent. The Obama administration’s annual growth rate has been 1.3 percent. Think about that—1.3 percent. 
According to the former CBO Direc-
tor, the difference between 2.5 percent and 3.5 percent growth—just 1 percent GDP growth difference—will have a huge impact on American families. We would be able to produce nationally 2.5 million more jobs and the average in-come in terms of wages would be $9,000 higher—$9,000 higher. Think about what you could do with that amount of money. Think about what American families could do with that amount of money, just by going 1 percent higher in our growth rate. 
Our distinguished colleague from 
Pennsylvania recently mentioned that in order to double the standard of liv-ing for a family—to double their in-come—at 3 percent growth, you can do that in 24 years, or a generation. That is why every generation of Americans has benefitted and done better than the previous one, because we have grown at 3, 3.5, 4 percent growth rate. We are doubling our standard of living. At 1 percent growth, which is the Obama growth rate, it takes 72 years to double your standard of living—72 years. That is the trajectory we are on. 
What is most disturbing about this is 
that this is a huge issue for the coun-
try. You don’t read about it in the press. Heck, last quarter we shrunk. The economy of the United States, the greatest economy in the world, shrunk, and there was barely a press report about it. It has become what people are now referring to as the new normal. Traditional levels of American growth at 3.5, 4 or 4.5 percent GDP growth— nope, in the Obama era that is a thing of the past. We are in the new normal era, with 1.5 percent GDP growth— maybe 2, if we are lucky. We need to change that. We need to 
get the traditional levels of American growth. What is most amazing is that the administration seems to be just shrugging its shoulders. Oh, we con-tracted last quarter? That is no big deal. A 1.5 percent to 2 percent GDP growth for the entire Obama adminis-tration record—that is fine. 
But it is a big deal, and it is not fine. 
We need to change this. 
Since 2009, the White House has 
blamed everything from former George W. Bush to the weather to climate change to Europe’s health to growth problems in Africa for these slow growth rates. But have you ever heard the President say: It might be the poli-cies of my own administration. It might be the fact that we are overregu-lating every element of this great economy of ours. They need to stop blaming and start fixing this economy. 
We need to get our country moving 
again. We have so many comparative advantages to other countries—so many. We have the greatest univer-sities in the world right here in Amer-ica—the greatest universities in the world compared to any other country. We have agriculture, farmers who feed the world. We have a high-tech sector that is the envy of the world. We have a capital markets sector that commer-cializes great ideas quicker than any place in the world. We have natural re-sources—oil, gas, minerals—that are the envy of the world. We are pro-ducing more natural gas than any place in the world right now. We are producing more oil than Saudi Arabia right now because our private sector has innovation, ingenuity, hard work. We have tremendous advantages that almost any other country would envy. 
What we need to do now is unleash 
this country’s might, unleash the great potential that is the American econ-omy. We need to refuel America. When we grow our economy, we will protect our country. 
We need regulatory reform. Right 
now the cost of regulations to our economy according to the President’s own Small Business Administration is close to $2 trillion a year. That is al-most $15,000 per American family. Think about that—$15,000 per family is keeping us down. We need a competi-tive tax system. We need to unleash the might of our private sector through cutting redtape and making sure that we are open for business, not stran-gling businesses with redtape from Washington. 
I want to emphasize these issues be-
cause we have been talking about the NDAA, the national defense of our country, for the past few days on the Senate floor, and we are going to be talking about these important issues next week as well. And they are crit-ical issues, but this is a critical issue. If we can’t grow our economy, if we can’t get back to traditional levels of American growth, we are going to con-tinue to have challenges. But if we can do this, if we can grow consistently by 4.5 or 5 percent in GDP growth, that is 
the best way to address our challenges, our deficit, our $18 trillion debt, our national security and the funding of our military. We need to focus more on the economy. 
This administration has failed the 
American people on these issues. We need to unleash the might of this great economy of ours, and we will keep our country safe by doing so. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, 
JUNE 8, 2015, AT 3 P.M. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 3 p.m. on Monday. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:08 p.m., 
adjourned until Monday, June 8, 2015, at 3 p.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
GEN. DARREN W. MCDEW 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. RONALD F. LEWIS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
LT. GEN. ROBERT B. ABRAMS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
AS THE CHIEF OF STAFF OF THE ARMY AND APPOINT-MENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE IN-DICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601 AND 3033: 
To be general 
GEN. MARK A. MILLEY 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
AS CHIEF OF NAVAL OPERATIONS AND APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601 AND 5033: 
To be admiral 
ADM. JOHN M. RICHARDSON 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE SERVING AS THE CHIEF DEFENSE COUNSEL FOR MILITARY COMMISSIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES CONSTITUTION, ARTICLE II, SECTION 2, CLAUSE 2, AND THE NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2014, SECTION 1037: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JOHN G. BAKER 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
FRANCIS J. RACIOPPI, JR. 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.076 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3848 June 4, 2015 
To be lieutenant commander 
NATALIE R. BAKAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be commander 
PATRICK R. O’MARA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A04JN6.009 S04JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E839 June 4, 2015 
TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND 
URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. ELIJAH E. CUMMINGS 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2577) making ap-propriations for the Departments of Trans-portation, and Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses: 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chair, I rise today to 
oppose this appropriations measure—and to oppose the policies that it embodies. 
The THUD bill before us, like all of the non- 
defense appropriations measures being draft-ed by my Republican colleagues, adheres to the budget caps set under sequestration, which require cuts in BOTH non-defense and defense discretionary programs. 
My Republican colleagues have decided 
that applying these caps to the defense side of the ledger, where the budget authority ap-propriated by Congress for discretionary pro-grams topped $560 billion in fiscal year 2015, is intolerable. 
However, they have decided that these cuts 
are not only acceptable on the non-defense side of the ledger, they are inadequate, and so the Republicans’ budget plan would impose additional cuts over and above those required under sequestration. 
Mr. Chair, what is intolerable is failing to in-
vest in our own nation. 
The Republicans’ unmistakable budget pri-
ority is to disinvest in the United States, and that objective is clearly reflected in the THUD bill before us. 
Let me tell you about the people who are 
suffering the consequences of this disinvest-ment. 
They are people just like Freddie Gray. Mr. Chair, the eyes of this nation saw 
Freddie Gray only after he was dead. 
They didn’t see him when he was reading 
from text books that were 30 years old. 
They didn’t see him when he was suffering 
from asthma because of exposure to lead paint in his home. 
And they didn’t see him when he couldn’t 
find a job. 
There are tens of millions of Americans who 
are facing the same deep and systemic eco-nomic challenges today in cities and towns across this nation. 
These Americans have watched employers 
leave their communities and have been left with substandard schools, few job training op-tions, and no path to the better future they want for themselves and their families. 
They have been intentionally targeted by 
leading banks to receive subprime mortgages, or have been left to obtain financial services from liquor stores and pawn shops when 
banks closed in their neighborhoods because their communities were deemed ‘‘unprofit-able.’’ 
They are people who are working full-time 
jobs at the minimum wage—but are still left below the poverty line. 
They are the millions who are tired of being 
tired. 
Anyone who sees these people should find 
the bill before us today intolerable. 
This bill does nothing to restore the funding 
cut in past years from the Community Devel-opment Block Grant (CDBG) program. 
As a result of these cuts, the CDBG award 
amount to Baltimore has fallen from $27 mil-lion in federal program year 2005 to just $18.8 million in federal program year 2014. Balti-more officials have indicated to me that they will be unable to fund any new non-profit so-cial service activities in calendar year 2016. 
City officials indicated to me that among the 
requests they cannot fund was a request for $187,000 to help provide legal assistance for 300 households facing foreclosure. 
This is particularly devastating in my state, 
which continues to have one of the highest foreclosure rates in the nation, and where many of the people now facing foreclosure are the very people illegally targeted by banks to receive subprime loans. 
The bill before us also cuts funding for the 
maintenance and repair of public housing, cuts the Choice Neighborhoods program, and fails to provide the funding requested by the Presi-dent to restore the more than 60,000 housing 
vouchers lost due to sequestration. 
According to the Baltimore City housing au-
thority, there are tens of thousands of people waiting for housing assistance in our city. And that’s just one city in this nation. 
This bill even cuts funding—by 30%—for 
lead hazard abatement. Baltimore City has one of the highest rates of children testing positive for elevated lead levels among urban centers in the United States, and the highest rates are in the lowest income neighborhoods. 
As I’ve walked Baltimore’s streets in the 
weeks since Freddie Gray’s death, I have met countless young people who want exactly what every child in this nation wants. 
They want a safe place to live. They want 
a good school. They want a way to fulfill the promise they feel in themselves. 
And they want to know their lives matter— 
a right deserved by every American, not just the privileged few. 
The President has already indicated he 
would veto this bill—so rather than wasting time on it, why don’t we craft a new budget framework that will ensure every American has the chance to succeed? COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, 
AND RELATED AGENCIES APPRO-PRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. DAVID W. JOLLY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2578) making ap-propriations for the Department of Com-merce and Justice, Science, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes: 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Chair, I want to compliment 
the Chairman for a good bill that responsibly invests in law enforcement, space, the sciences, research, our oceans and marine re-sources, and our weather sciences. 
I also want to thank the Chairman for his 
support in this bill for an innovative data col-lection initiative to improve fish stock assess-ments and research of the fisheries of the Gulf of Mexico. As we discussed in our hearings, we as a nation need to utilize all available tools and technology, and work with all fish-eries’ sector participants, including rec-reational, for-hire and commercial, to provide the most accurate assessment of the health of our fish stocks, including the Red Snapper species so critical to our quality of life in our Gulf states like Florida and Texas, and so crit-ical to our regional economy. This innovative data collection initiative will better enable the National Marine Fisheries Service and the re-gional council to make the most informed deci-sions possible about the length of various fish-ing seasons. 
Mr. Chair, without constantly improving, 
more accurate, quantifiable data—data that is believed to reliably reflect the fisherman’s ex-perience on the water—our commercial and recreational fishermen alike find it difficult to understand decisions made by government to shorten fishing seasons and limit catches. 
To be clear, this important new provision in-
cluded in this year’s CJS bill is intended to provide the National Marine Fisheries Service Southeast Regional Office new tools to utilize data collection efforts from our recreational, for-hire and commercial fishermen, state and local officials, third party researchers, and aca-demia—data collection and research focused on the unique stock assessment challenges of Gulf fisheries. 
By working with our recreational, for-hire 
and commercial fishermen, and engaging them directly in data collection, the NMFS Southeast Regional Office will ultimately accu-mulate more and better data, and will begin to restore trust between the sectors and regu-lators. 
This public-private effort will allow officials 
tasked with managing our fishery resources to reach the right balance, balance for our rec-reational fishing community’s quality of life and right to fish on our waters, balance for our re-gional economy fueled by the commercial and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K04JN8.008 E04JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E840 June 4, 2015 
for-hire fishing industry, and balance for our 
strong interest in stock rehabilitation, species preservation and protecting our critical natural resources. 
Mr. Chair, the Florida Institute of Oceanog-
raphy estimates that Florida’s ocean economy generates almost $30 billion dollars per year in economic activity, more than that generated by citrus, cattle, ranching and the space indus-try of Florida combined. It is critical that we get this right. 
I look forward to continuing to work with 
Chairman C
ULBERSON through the appropria-
tions process, and with NOAA and NMFS Southeast Regional Office during implementa-tion of this funding, to stand up this critical, in-novative stock assessment initiative and make it a success for Florida and for all five of our Gulf States, including the Chairman’s home state of Texas. 
f 
HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF 
CHIEF WARRANT OFFICER–4 MI-CHAEL A. HUDSON 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 4, 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, today, I am 
very grateful for the opportunity to recognize Chief Warrant Officer-4 Michael A. Hudson, his wife Karin, and their two sons Zachary and Joshua, for their hard work and commitment to our great country, the United States of Amer-ica. After honorably serving as an active duty U.S. Marine for the past 20 years, CW4 Hud-son retired on Friday, May 15, 2015. 
CW4 Hudson is an Ohio native from San-
dusky who joined the Marine Corps in 1994. He has received numerous personnel awards such as: the Defense Meritorious Service Medal, the Meritorious Service Medal, the Combat Action Ribbon, two Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medals, and two Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medals. CW4 Hudson also excelled in his studies having earned a Master’s Degree from Webster Uni-versity in Management and Leadership. CW4 Hudson not only served his country while re-siding in the United States but also while living abroad in Japan for six years with his family. While on duty in Okinawa, Japan CW4 Hud-son worked with General Support Mainte-nance Company during 1999. In 2006, CW4 Hudson and his family later transferred to Iwakuni, Japan where he served as the Sta-tion Motor Transport Officer and Garrison Mo-bile Equipment Fleet Manager. 
It is with sincere gratitude I honor Mr. Hud-
son’s family for their dedication to our country throughout his years of active service. Mrs. Karin Hudson has been happily married to Mr. Hudson for nineteen years. Not only has she held an important position with Valley Coun-seling in Warren, Ohio as a Program Man-ager, but she has also fulfilled the role of both parents her husband was deployed. Mrs. Hud-son selflessly moved with her family whenever her husband’s duty called for them to do so, and I laud her for her commitment to her hus-band, her family, and her country. 
I would also like to acknowledge Mr. and 
Mrs. Hudson’s two sons, Zachary and Joshua, for their patience and spirit as they traveled with their parents around Japan and the United States. It may at times be difficult to 
have a parent in active service, but they have shown true patriotism in their support of their father. Zachary at thirteen attends Lakeview Middle School, all the while enjoying the re-sponsibilities of being a Boy Scout. His young-er brother Joshua is nine years old and cur-rently attends Lakeview Elementary where he enjoys playing baseball. 
Mr. Speaker I ask all of my colleagues to 
join me in extending a heartfelt thank you to Chief Warrant Officer-4 Hudson and his family for their commitment to our country. We will never forget the years you have honorably served and will forever be thankful for it. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. AMI BERA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 4, 2015 
Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably 
detained on Rollcall vote No. 292, the amend-ment offered by Mr. S
ANFORD of South Caro-
lina. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No.’’ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CARL ST. CLAIR 
HON. MIMI WALTERS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 4, 2015 
Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. 
Speaker, today I wish to honor and celebrate Carl St. Clair’s 25th Anniversary as the Music Director at Orange County’s Pacific Sym-phony. 
Under Carl St. Clair’s brilliant leadership, 
Pacific Symphony has become the largest pro-fessional symphony orchestra formed in the past fifty years. Through St. Clair’s out-standing vision, sensitivity, and dynamic lead-ership, Pacific Symphony has developed pro-gramming that has bridged different cultures, engaged creative voices, and opened the door of great music for all. 
St. Clair’s artistic vision and standards have 
generated enthusiastic audiences locally and internationally. In 2006, he led the Symphony on its first European tour—nine cities in three countries playing before capacity houses and receiving extraordinary reviews. His commit-ment to new music has been demonstrated lo-cally and admired nationally. The Pacific Sym-phony’s American Composers’ Festival has celebrated leading composers annually for fif-teen years; the Symphony has won two ASCAP Awards for Adventurous Program-ming, and has released eleven recordings— primarily the music of American composers. St. Clair has produced numerous thematic fes-tivals and fostered the return of professional opera to Orange County. He has also devel-oped continuing programmatic relationships with a number of local universities, including USC, Chapman University, and UC-Irvine. 
St. Clair is actively involved in both the con-
ception and implementation of Pacific Sym-phony’s education and outreach programs. The orchestra produces more than twenty dis-tinct education and outreach programs—sev-eral garnered national attention and are widely replicated. Maestro St. Clair has proclaimed that 
‘‘Music is a birthright,’’ and has supported that vision with complementary activities that are accessible to the entire community. 
Through HEARTSTRINGS, the Symphony 
provides music to more than twenty different agencies that range from homeless shelters and after school youth-mentoring clubs to the Center for Autism and Neurodevelopmental Disorders and Age Well Senior Services. This is accomplished through individual and small group visits to agency sites as well as pro-viding available tickets for major perform-ances. In total, forty-four percent of the Pacific Symphony’s annual audiences heard the or-chestra at no cost last season. Finally, in per-haps the greatest salute to Maestro St. Clair’s musical leadership, fully one-third of Pacific Symphony musicians (37 in number) have ten-ures with the orchestra that equal or exceed his twenty-five years. 
From the highest artistic standards to the 
breadth of community outreach and service, Carl St. Clair is a vital part of the distinctive quality of life we enjoy in Orange County and Southern California. I thank him for his leader-ship and for enriching the lives of children and adults throughout the Southern California re-gion, the nation, and the world. 
f 
HONORING MARVIN GIBSON ON 
THE OCCASION OF EARNING HIS SEVENTY YEAR PIN 
HON. DAN BENISHEK 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 4, 2015 
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Mr. Marvin Gibson of Marquette, Michi-gan on the occasion of earning his Seventy Year Pin in service of the Boy Scouts of America. Mr. Gibson was awarded this honor at a ceremony in Northern Michigan on May 31, 2015. 
As Scoutmaster of Boy Scout Troop 305 in 
Marquette, Mr. Gibson has shown his devotion to the scouting way of life. In his long career with the BSA, he has earned several other distinctions such as the rank of Eagle Scout, Vigil Honor in the Order of the Arrow, National Jamboree Leadership, and the Order of the Arrow National Conferences. Mr. Gibson is ad-ditionally the father of an Eagle Scout and a long time summer camp staffer at Camp Hia-watha. 
As a former Boy Scout myself, I have first-
hand experience in the positive work that Scouting provides, especially in helping young men become self-reliant and learn important skills. On behalf of all residents of the First Congressional District, I wish to convey my congratulations to Mr. Gibson, his family, his fellow scouts, and the many that he has helped to positively influence in his seventy years in service of scouting. 
f 
IN HONOR OF SHERIFF LEON 
WILMOT 
HON. PAUL A. GOSAR 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 4, 2015 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize a patriot, a public servant and a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K04JN8.006 E04JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E841 June 4, 2015 
great Sheriff, Sheriff Leon Wilmot from Yuma, 
Arizona. 
Sheriff Wilmot has been an effective law en-
forcement officer and a staunch advocate in opposing illegal immigration and for supporting the rule of law. His leadership has recently been recognized by the National Sheriff’s As-sociation which has named him Chairman of its Immigration and Border Security Com-mittee. 
Much deserved Sheriff Wilmot, congratula-
tions. Know that we support your efforts here in Washington, D.C. 
f 
HONORING SERGEANT ERIC LUND 
HON. DAN BENISHEK 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 4, 2015 
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
recognition of Sergeant Eric Lund, a true American hero, as well as the community that banded together to help serve one of their neighbors who sacrificed so much in defense of our freedom. 
Sergeant Eric Lund joined the U.S. Army 
National Guard in 2003 after graduating from Ludington High School. He served with the 126th C Company as a gunner atop a Military All-Terrain Vehicle, and was in Afghanistan when he was injured in May 2012 as a result of a roadside IED. The explosion resulted in 
serious injuries including the loss of both arms. 
Eric spent over two years enduring numer-
ous surgeries during his rehabilitation in San Antonio, Texas. However, he knew his goal was to be back home in Ludington—near friends, family, and the water. Returning home for Eric also meant living an active lifestyle that include biking, being outdoors, and most importantly, being able to live independently and tackle everyday tasks on his own. 
That dream became a reality as a result of 
an outpouring of support from the Ludington community and the ‘‘Helping a Hero’’ organi-zation. 
As part of the their first Michigan project, 
‘‘Helping a Hero,’’ working with Malliet Con-struction, built Eric a new home featuring adaptive technology to allow for independent living tools like voice activation and a shower with scrubbers. Donations from the Ludington community came in various forms—from money to materials and labor. There are so many people to thank for making this project a reality for Eric, and I will be proud to join them all on June 8, 2015 for the neighborhood ‘‘Welcome Home’’ ceremony. 
As our nation’s heroes return home, we 
must welcome them back and recognize the sacrifices they made protecting our freedoms and way of life. As the Ludington community has proven, we can and must help serve these brave men and women. So long as there are soldiers like Sergeant Eric Lund fighting for us, we can never forget that the cost of freedom is high. TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND 
URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. LINDA T. SA´NCHEZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2577) making ap-propriations for the Departments of Trans-portation, and Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses: 
Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of California. Mr. 
Chair, I rise today to speak in opposition of the proposed cuts to the Transportation Infra-structure Generating Economic Recovery Pro-gram (TIGER) under the Fiscal Year 2016 Transportation Housing and Urban Develop-ment (THUD) Appropriations bill. 
Since 2009, the Department of Transpor-
tation has provided state and local govern-ments with grants to complete infrastructure projects. Many communities have profited from these investments, providing neighborhoods with safer pedestrian pathways, revitalizing economically distressed areas, and reducing congestion from traffic. 
TIGER grants are meant to provide eligibility 
to infrastructure projects that do not qualify for restrictive formula based federal funding. Freight, port, and bridge projects across the country have benefited from financial support from TIGER. Reducing accessibility to TIGER grants will prolong infrastructure projects and increase traffic in our communities. 
The House FY16 THUD appropriations bill 
includes $100 million for TIGER grants. This is a $400 million reduction from the 2015 en-acted level, cutting the Department of Trans-portation’s budget by 80%. 
Severe cuts to TIGER are troubling, and 
substantial funding for the program is crucial to my District. For example, the Durfee Ave-nue grade separation proposal in Pico Rivera would reduce an estimated 15.3 hours of vehi-cle delays on a daily basis. Rosemead Boule-vard/Lakewood Boulevard in my District car-ries tens of thousands of cars every day, pro-viding goods movement to the Gateway cities. The Del Amo Boulevard bridge is structurally deficient, outdated, and in need of mainte-nance to improve lane capacity problems. 
I ask that my colleagues join me in oppos-
ing the 80% cuts to TIGER grants and lan-guage restricting TIGER eligibility in the HOUSE FY16 THUD bill. Providing funding for these and other TIGER projects are about pro-viding services that communities deserve. 
f 
THE OCCASION OF THE RETIRE-
MENT OF MS. CORA CIOTTI FROM THE WELDON CITY SCHOOL SYSTEM 
HON. G.K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 4, 2015 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize and congratulate my constituent, Ms. Cora Ciotti, as she retires after working 
nearly 40 years in the education field. Ms. Ciotti began her career in education in New York where she worked as a Youth School Of-ficer for the New Hyde Park School system. Later, she moved to Weldon, North Carolina, in my congressional district, where she worked for the Weldon City Public School system in a number of capacities. 
Before embarking on a career in education, 
Ms. Ciotti attended John Jay College of Crimi-nal Justice in New York where she was trained and certified as a Youth School Offi-cer. Ms. Ciotti’s training helped her to navigate some of the unique challenges that were pre-sented by students and empowered her to have a dynamic and positive influence on their lives. Many of the youth who were influenced by Ms. Ciotti decades ago have grown into productive citizens who are making positive contributions to their communities. 
After relocating to Weldon, North Carolina, 
Ms. Ciotti began working with the Weldon City Public Schools, where she served as a Teach-er’s Assistant and Attendance Counselor, among other important roles. She dem-onstrated care, compassion, and dedication to the students with whom she worked. If any student was hungry, Ms. Ciotti fed them. If any student lacked clothing, Ms. Ciotti clothed them. At times, Ms. Ciotti even provided shel-ter for some of our troubled youth by opening up her own home. 
Ms. Ciotti was indeed special in her own 
way to the youth; she possessed a talent for reaching the youth right where they were; she reserved judgement; she changed the lives of many and pushed them in a positive direction, and for that we should all be grateful. 
Mr. Speaker, Ms. Cora Ciotti has positively 
influenced the lives of countless young people over her nearly 40-year career in education. I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Ms. Ciotti for her dedication to generations of young people and in offering her best wishes as she embarks on the next chapter of her life. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO WILLIAM LOUIS 
‘‘BILL’’ HORTSMAN 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 4, 2015 
Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
pay tribute to the life of William Louis ‘‘Bill’’ Hortsman, a devoted family man, respected Hoosier leader, and a selfless contributor to the Jennings County community. Bill leaves behind his wife of 52 years, Ruth Ann Hortsman, and his two children, Duane and Denise. 
Mr. Hortsman graduated from North Vernon 
High School in 1951 and, in addition to attend-ing First United Methodist Church in North Vernon, was also a member of Pleasant Grove United Methodist Church in Charles-town. 
Bill is a true patriot who served in the U.S. 
Army from 1953 to 1955 after graduating from high school. In his early career, Bill worked for Hortsman Standard Service Station and Hortsman’s Standard Oil Delivery. 
Bill was also well-known for his commitment 
to his community. He was a life-long volunteer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K04JN8.005 E04JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E842 June 4, 2015 
at the Center Township Fire Department, and 
he served as Chief for eight years. Bill was also a bus driver for Jennings County Schools for 4 decades, Justice of the Peace for Center Township for eight years, Jennings County Treasurer for four terms, and a worker in the Jennings County Treasurer’s Office for 28 years before retiring in 2008. In his free time, which was limited, Mr. Hortsman enjoyed word puzzles and the outdoors, including fishing trips and yard work. 
Bill was not only a valuable asset to his 
community, but also my friend. He frequently attended my Coffee with the Congressman meetings in the 6th District of Indiana and was a long-time supporter of my efforts to serve the State of Indiana. I will always be grateful for the encouragement he gave me and the impact he made on me throughout my political career. He will be missed. 
Today, it is my privilege to honor the life of 
William Louis ‘‘Bill’’ Hortsman. My thoughts and prayers go out to Bill’s family, and may God comfort those he left behind with His peace and strength. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MADISON 
BRUNETTI AND LOGAN NEELEY 
HON. ALEXANDER X. MOONEY 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 4, 2015 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speak-
er, I would like to express my warmest con-gratulations to a staffer at my district office in Charleston, West Virginia. On June 6, 2015, Madison Brunetti will marry Logan Neeley. I am overjoyed that these two people have de-cided to commit to one another for the rest of their lives, and uphold the sacred institution of marriage. 
I join with their families, friends, and loved 
ones in congratulating Madison and Logan on this momentous occasion. I wish the soon to be married couple the best of luck, and long, happy lives together. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GERTIE WEBB OF 
SALEM, OREGON 
HON. GREG WALDEN 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 4, 2015 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I’d like to take 
this opportunity to pay tribute to a dear friend of mine who passed away on March 17th of this year. I first met Gertie Webb when her oldest daughter and I worked for former Con-gressman Denny Smith of Oregon. Subse-quently, I developed my long lasting friendship with Gertie when she worked for me while I served as the Oregon House Majority Leader. 
Gertie was the youngest of nine children— 
five brothers and four sisters. Their father was a laborer while their mother tended to the needs of the family and the house. Gertie came along shortly before the onset of the De-pression and was old enough to watch her brothers leave the home to serve in World War II. While those were challenging years for an entire generation, those were also the de-fining years of Gertie Webb’s life. During her childhood years, Gertie was ex-
pected to perform her fair share of the chores around the house. By age 13, she was driving the family car to the store to purchase the gro-ceries. When she returned from her baby-sitting jobs, she would place much of her money in the family jar. It wasn’t until she was ready to enroll in high school that her mother returned most of the money so Gertie could attend St. Mary’s Academy in Portland, Or-egon. Those were tough times, but whenever Gertie spoke of her youth, there always seemed to be a positive message in what she said. 
In 1953, Gertie married Charles Webb in 
Portland, Oregon where they resided until 1964. With their three young children—Sue, Jan and Bill—they then moved to Salem where Gertie lived for almost 50 years. Charles passed away in 1982 and shortly after their college years, the kids scattered in dif-ferent directions. That is when Gertie returned to the working world, including jobs with Con-gressman Denny Smith and at the Oregon legislature. 
My last visit with Gertie took place at a 
nursing home where she lived her final three years. These were not sad years but years filled with many friendships and positive memories. She was an active resident, always offering assistance in organizing field trips, so-cial events and other activities for her fellow residents. She would start out every morning in the chapel attending daily religious services. 
Gertie’s faith was the bedrock of who she 
was. Not one to wear it on her sleeve, Gertie instead manifested her faith through her ac-tions towards others. A good listener, she had a particular interest in the concerns and needs of the less fortunate. When she would say that she would offer her prayers for someone suf-fering from a hardship, she truly meant it. 
And then there is Gertie Webb, the sports 
guru. Mr. Speaker, this woman knew sports better than anyone I’ve ever known. Football. Baseball. Basketball. Golf. It didn’t matter what sport, Gertie could tell you what teams were ahead in the standings or what golfer had the best shot at winning the U.S. Open. I was told that some of the nursing home staff would fre-quently visit Gertie’s room for a rundown on the scores. Her favorite team was Notre Dame. Few things caused her as much stress as the Irish facing defeat. Rather than watch-ing the final outcome, she would turn off the TV and rely on one of her children or a close friend to give her the final score. 
Gertie leaves behind many family members 
and friends. I offer my condolences to Sue, Jan and Bill following the death of their moth-er. Someday, we will all face the same fate as Gertie. When my day comes, I can only hope to be as willing to accept the journey as my friend Gertie. Her faith carried her through a remarkable 85-year journey and I am so thankful that I was able to encounter her dur-ing her journey. She was a dear friend to many, and a loving and caring mother of three and grandmother of five. HONORING JOE DOWLING ON THE 
OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE GUTHRIE THEATER 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 4, 2015 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay 
tribute to Mr. Joe Dowling, who is retiring in June from the Guthrie Theater in Minneapolis, Minnesota after serving 20 distinguished years as Artistic Director. During Mr. Dowling’s im-pressive tenure, he has directed more than 50 shows and reinforced the foundation for this world-class Minnesota cultural cornerstone. 
Mr. Dowling joined the Guthrie as Artistic Di-
rector in 1995, bringing his ceaseless cre-ativity and tireless dedication to the arts after leading other theater companies in his native Ireland. Among Mr. Dowling’s many achieve-ments is the development of training programs like the University of Minnesota/Guthrie The-ater B.F.A. Actor Training Program and A Guthrie Experience for Actors in Training. He also solidified a partnership with The Acting Company of New York and created the WorldStage Series, two programs that allow local talent to tour the U.S. and in turn wel-come internationally renowned theater pro-grams to Minnesota. He has also shared his vision and talents on Broadway and at other prominent venues throughout the United States and Europe. 
Perhaps Mr. Dowling’s deepest legacy is the 
success of a $125 million capital campaign and construction of a new theater home which was completed in 2006. Designed by French architect Jean Nouvel, the theater is an archi-tectural gem. At 285,000 square feet, the new Guthrie includes public gathering spaces and restaurants, and a 178-foot ‘‘endless bridge’’ that highlights a spectacular, soaring view of the mighty Mississippi River. At the heart of the new Guthrie are three unique theaters of-fering special performance spaces and view-ing perspectives. The Dowling Studio in par-ticular is an intimate 200-person black box theater that has welcomed 33 local acting companies and stands as a testament to its namesake’s commitment to developing and showcasing the Twin Cities arts community. 
In a metropolitan area that boasts more the-
ater seats per capita than anywhere else in the U.S. outside of New York, Minnesotans take great pride in our thriving, high quality performing arts community. Experiencing a performance at the Guthrie is a particular joy, and I attend shows there whenever I can. I am clearly not alone, because under Dowling’s leadership, the Guthrie entertains, enriches and enlightens 400,000 patrons each year. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a privilege to rise to honor 
Mr. Dowling and his many contributions to the rich cultural landscape in Minnesota as the Guthrie Theater’s Artistic Director as well as his lifetime of commitment to the arts. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 4, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, on 
Thursday, May 21, 2015, I was on medical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A04JN8.003 E04JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E843 June 4, 2015 
leave due to an appointment related to my re-
covery from surgery and unable to be present for recorded votes. Had I been present, I would have voted: 
‘‘Yes’’ on roll call vote No. 261 (on agreeing 
to the Edwards of Maryland Part A Substitute Amendment No. 7 to H.R. 2262), 
‘‘Yes’’ on roll call vote No. 262 (on passage 
of H.R. 2262), and 
‘‘No’’ on roll call vote No. 263 (on agreeing 
to the resolution H. Res. 274). 
f 
BRADFORD-O’KEEFE FUNERAL 
HOMES 
HON. STEVEN M. PALAZZO 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 4, 2015 
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Bradford-O’Keefe Funeral Homes on the occasion of their 150th anniversary. This milestone marks the continued commitment to service that the O’Keefe family has provided the citizens of the Mississippi Gulf Coast for the past century and a half. 
In 1865, Irish immigrant Edward ‘‘Ned’’ 
O’Keefe established his livery service in Ocean Springs. Ned O’Keefe’s funeral busi-ness soon expanded to Biloxi and other Coast cities as its ownership and management was passed down to succeeding generations of O’Keefe family members. He would certainly be proud of the success and growth of his family business. 
Today, with locations all along the Mis-
sissippi Gulf, the O’Keefe family compas-sionately serves their neighbors, friends, and family during life’s most difficult times. 
The O’Keefe family distinguishes itself out-
side the family business in a broad array of community involvement, public service, and philanthropy. This is evident by family patri-arch, World War II fighter pilot ‘‘Ace,’’ State Legislator, and Biloxi Mayor Jeremiah ‘‘Jerry’’ O’Keefe’s service to his state and country. 
The O’Keefe family is also blessed with a 
dedicated and professional staff that combined has hundreds of years of experience. Like the family, they are committed to faithfully serving their community. 
Once again, I would like to thank the 
O’Keefe Family for their 150 years of dedi-cated service to the citizens of the Mississippi Gulf Coast. 
f 
HONORING MR. & MRS. MICHAEL J. 
BRADLEY 
HON. ROBERT A. BRADY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 4, 2015 
Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to honor Mr. & Mrs. Michael J. Bradley, two constituents born and raised in my district, who will be celebrating their 60th wedding anniversary on June 18, 2015. 
Michael Bradley was born and raised in 
Philadelphia and is a graduate of St. Thomas More High School. His loving wife, Bernadette Ann Sherry, was also born and raised in Phila-delphia and graduated from West Catholic High School. The Bradleys are an extremely close knit Irish Catholic family, blessed with 
eight children and twenty-three grandchildren. Mr. & Mrs. Bradley taught their children that the best way out of poverty was through hard work and education. Fortunately, Michael and Bernadette were able to support all eight of their children as they attended college. Above all, the Bradleys always gave their children three major items to live by: ‘‘Faith, Family & Friends’’. 
Mr. & Mrs. Bradley are not only prosperous 
with love from their large family, but have also succeeded in the business realm. The M.J. Bradley Company was founded in 1973, and continues to be a well known contender in the construction industry, installing quality floor and wall products. The M.J. Bradley Co. con-tinues to grow and thrive under the guidance of five of the Bradley’s children. 
I would like my colleagues to join me in 
honoring the significance of this occasion, as Mr. & Mrs. Bradley celebrate their 60th wed-ding anniversary. They are both model citizens of Philadelphia and will remain an inspiration to their family and community for generations to come. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE 2015 ELLIS IS-
LAND MEDAL OF HONOR RECIPI-ENTS 
HON. CHARLES B. RANGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 4, 2015 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate the 2015 recipients of the cov-eted Ellis Island Medal of Honor. 
This prestigious honor is presented annually 
by the National Ethnic Coalition of Organiza-tions—NECO, and pays tribute to our Nation’s immigrant heritage, as well as to those whose achievements and contributions to our Nation embody the American Dream. The Ellis Island Medals of Honor are awarded to U.S. citizens from diverse ethnic backgrounds who exem-plify outstanding qualities in both their per-sonal and professional lives, while continuing to preserve the richness of their particular her-itage and culture. Since the Medals’ founding in 1986, more than 2,000 American citizens have received the Ellis Island Medal of Honor, including six American Presidents, United States Senators, Congressmen, Nobel Laure-ates, athletes, artists, clergy, and military lead-ers. The Medal is not about achieving material success, nor is it about the politics of immigra-tion; it is about the people who have com-mitted themselves to this nation, embraced the opportunities America has to offer, and most importantly, who have used those opportuni-ties to not only better their own lives but make a difference in our country and in the lives of its people. 
Citizens of the United States hail from every 
nation known to man. It is the key to why America is the most innovative, progressive and forward thinking country in the world. The Ellis Island Medals of Honor not only celebrate individuals but also the pluralism and democ-racy that enabled our fore bearers, ourselves and the next generation of Americans to cele-brate their unique cultural identities while still championing the American way of life. In addi-tion, by honoring these remarkable Americans, we honor all who share their origins and ac-knowledge the contributions they have made 
to America. 
I commend NECO and its Board of Direc-
tors headed by my dear friend, Nasser J. Kazeminy, for honoring these truly outstanding individuals for their tireless efforts to foster dialogue and build bridges between different ethnic groups, as well as to promote unity and a sense of common purpose in our nation. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask all of my colleagues to 
join me in recognizing the good works of NECO and in congratulating all of the 2015 re-cipients of the Ellis Island Medal of Honor. 
2015 ELLIS ISLAND MEDAL OF HONOR RECIPIENTS  
Shohreh Aghdashloo, Dr. Kamiar Alaei, 
Masoud ‘‘Mike’’ Altirs, Domingo T. Alvear, MD, FACS, FICS, Shireen Atabaki, MD, 
MPH, Christopher Atamian, Trisha A Bailey, Jay H. Baker, PhD., Patty Baker, Rear Ad-miral Paul Becker, U.S. Navy, Miri Ben-Ari, Mirghavamaddin Bozorgmir, Nicholas R. Caiazzo, Esq., Ted A. Chaglassian, MD, FACS, Dr. Allen Chan, D.C, Jo Ellen Chat-ham, PhD, Diane Cirincione-Jampolsky, PhD, Maj Gen. Vincent A. Coglianese, Rocco B. Commisso, Edward T. Creagan, MD, Juan Carlos Cruz, Rajdeep K. Dhami, MD, Rev-erend Peter M. Donohue, O.S.A., LCDR Joyce M. Elter, USN (Ret), Ahmass Fakahany, Sheriff Louis Falco III, Adm Mark E. Ferguson III, USN, Meera Gandhi, Chad P. Gehani DDS, Richard L. Gelfond, Palmer C. Hamilton, Esq., Leslie Hanson, Master Chief Eric J. Heimburger, Myron Z. Holubiak, Gerald G. Jampolsky, MD, Dr. Kyo ‘‘Paul’’ Jhin, Rahul M. Jindal, M.D., Ph.D, MBA, Mike O. Joulakian P.E, Pamela J. Joyner, Vahe Karapetian, Colonel James J. Keefe, Mariam Khosravani, Kevin D. Kim, Rev. Seung Hee Kim, Mr. Young Kil Kim, KV Kumar, Chief Cathy L. Lanier, William ‘‘Don’’ Larson, Dr. David Lizarraga, Luis G. Lobo, Howard Lutnick, Martha ‘‘Muffy’’ MacMillan, Hildegarde Ercklentz Mahoney, John (Manoukarakis) Manos, RADM Larry Roy Marsh (Ret.), Major General Thomas J. Masiello, USAF, Lt General Wendy M. Masiello, DAD Brian F. McCauley FBI, Deric A. Milligan, Major Creighton A. Mullins, USAF, Harry Nadjarian, Chief Abdo Nahmod, Alyssa Navallo-Herman, Justice Sandra Day O’Connor, James P. O’Neill, Catherine O’Reilly, Dr. Zulfiya Orynbayeva, Anoosheh M. Oskouian, Lieutenant General Raymond P. Palumbo, Congressman Ted Poe, Bernard J. Poussot, Robert L. Priddy, Mariano Ri-vera, Dr. Mostafa Ronaghi, Andrew Sabin, Mike M. Sarian, John Sculley, Gerard Senehi, Frank Shankwitz, Dr. Simon K. Simonian, Major General Linda L. Singh, S.Mona Sinha, Robert F. Spetzler, MD, Hao Jiang Tian, Jeremy Travis, Peter Unanue, Bob Unanue, George Uribe, Nikiforos Valaskantjis, Meredith Vieira, Wafeek Sam-uel Wahby, Ph.D, B.Th, Kenneth E. Warner, Esq., James N. Weinstein, DO, MS, Richard Roderick Willis, Rabbi Amiel Wohl, Ehsan Yarshater, PhD., Shirley Young, Theodore K. Zampetis, Francois Zayek. International Medal Recipients: Baroness Dr. Sandip Verma, Bert Sakmann MD, PhD. 
International Ellis Island Medal of Honor 
Recipients: Baroness Dr. Sandip Verna and Bert Sakmann MD, PhD. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BILL JOHNSON 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 4, 2015 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, it has 
come to my attention that during a two minute 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A04JN8.007 E04JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E844 June 4, 2015 
vote series last night I inadvertently voted ‘no’ 
on Mr. K ING’s amendment (roll call vote 293) 
when I intended to vote ‘yes.’ I strongly be-lieve that President Obama’s executive order granting amnesty to those illegally in America is unconstitutional, and in no way should be implemented or funded. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROBERT HURT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 4, 2015 
Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I was 
not present for Roll Call vote #284 on House Amendment 333 to H.R. 2578. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
HONORING PEPSICO 
HON. NITA M. LOWEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 4, 2015 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor PepsiCo, which is celebrating its fiftieth anniversary. 
Founded in 1965, PepsiCo has had its 
headquarters in Purchase, New York, since 1970. 
As a Fortune 500 company, PepsiCo has 
not only transformed the food and beverage industry, it is a global leader in finding solu-tions for many of the serious challenges facing the international community. The company’s philanthropic arm, the PepsiCo Foundation, supports programs that encourage healthy life-styles, improve the availability of nutrition and clean water, and empower women. Most re-cently, the foundation announced that, through its collaborative efforts, more than four million people in Latin America now have access to safe, clean water. 
PepsiCo has displayed a commitment to in-
creasing opportunities for female leaders in its workforce. In 2011, the company launched the Pinnacle Group in the United States as a way of retaining the most talented female employ-ees through career development, leadership training, and mentoring opportunities. In Asia, the Middle East and Africa (AMEA), PepsiCo has successfully increased female participa-tion through gender equity awareness and in-clusion of women in leadership roles. Today, more than a quarter of PepsiCo executives in the AMEA region are female and the company is led by Chairman and Chief Executive Offi-cer Indra Nooyi. 
Since 2005, PepsiCo has donated more 
than $600 million to agencies working in the environmental, educational, civic, arts and health and human services fields. It also pro-vided more than $1.4 million for Hurricane Sandy relief efforts. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join 
me in honoring PepsiCo on its fiftieth anniver-sary. RECOGNIZING SNAP ON ITS 27TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 4, 2015 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize SNAP (Survivors of Those Abused by Priests) on the occasion of their 27th Anniversary, which they will celebrate at their annual conference here in Washington D.C., July 31–Aug 2. 
Founded in 1988 by my fellow Chicagoan, 
Barbara Blaine, SNAP is a self-help support group for those who were sexually violated— whether by clergy, family members, trusted adults, or strangers. Barbara is a survivor of childhood sexual abuse by a member of the clergy. SNAP has become a voice for child-hood sexual abuse prevention, awareness and healing in our community. Today, SNAP is an international organization with members in all 50 states and in 71 countries, with over 70 chapters organized throughout the United States and across the world. 
Research conducted by the Centers for Dis-
ease Control estimates that one in four girls and one in six boys are sexually abused be-fore the age of 18. Only one in 10 children ever tells anyone. 
The median age when a victim discloses 
childhood sexual abuse is 40. One of the most important public policy developments in this country has been the effort to reform the stat-utes of limitations laws in states. 
SNAP is working to bring a voice and justice 
to victims and survivors by working to reform a legal system that has imposed inadequately short civil statutes of limitations. Those arbi-trary deadlines prevent most victims from ever getting through the courthouse doors to present their evidence and make their case. 
Typically, victims of child sexual abuse have 
only five years after they’ve turned 18 to pur-sue civil legal remedies for the justice they seek. That means that after age 23, survivors of childhood sexual abuse are prohibited from seeking legal recourse against their abusers, and it can mean that child sexual predators are allowed to live freely among us. 
In 2013, I am proud to report, the state of 
Illinois enacted legislation to remove criminal and civil statute of limitations for sex offenses that occurred when the victim was under 18 years of age. The new law removes the stat-ute of limitations for child sex abuse that oc-curs on or after January 1, 2014. 
I want to take this opportunity to acknowl-
edge SNAP and all their volunteer leaders, who give so much of themselves to help oth-ers. Protecting children and preventing sexual abuse of children is a worthy effort we all can support. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MARK TAKANO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 4, 2015 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, during Roll Call 
Vote number 295 on H.R. 2578, I mistakenly recorded my vote as yes when I should have voted no. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ALMA S. ADAMS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 4, 2015 
Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, on June 3, 2015 
I was absent for recorded votes #274 through #295 due to the passing of my mother. 
I would like to reflect how I would have 
voted if I were here: 
On Roll Call #274 I would have voted No. On Roll Call #275 I would have voted No. On Roll Call #276 I would have voted Yes. On Roll Call #277 I would have voted Yes. On Roll Call #278 I would have voted No. On Roll Call #279 I would have voted No. On Roll Call #280 I would have voted Yes. On Roll Call #281 I would have voted Yes. On Roll Call #282 I would have voted No. On Roll Call #283 I would have voted Yes. On Roll Call #284 I would have voted Yes. On Roll Call #285 I would have voted Yes. On Roll Call #286 I would have voted Yes. On Roll Call #287 I would have voted No. 
On Roll Call #288 I would have voted Yes. On Roll Call #289 I would have voted No. On Roll Call #290 I would have voted Yes. On Roll Call #291 I would have voted No. On Roll Call #292 I would have voted No. On Roll Call #293 I would have voted No. On Roll Call #294 I would have voted No. On Roll Call #295 I would have voted No. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF BRIAN 
WHISTON’S SELECTION AS MICHIGAN’S STATE SUPER-INTENDENT 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 4, 2015 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Mr. Brian Whiston on his nomination for Michigan’s State Superintendent. As a Member of Congress it is both my privilege and honor to recognize Mr. Whiston for his prioritization of the success of our students and guiding them on the right path to higher education and into the workforce. 
For the past 8 years, Mr. Whiston has 
served as the Superintendent for Dearborn Public Schools in Dearborn, Michigan, where he selflessly advocated for the betterment of his students and staff through innovative pro-grams and policies. Mr. Whiston implemented a co-teaching model which blends general and special educators to cater to the specific needs of ESL students who comprise a vast majority of the student population. Breaking down the barriers of the typical high school classroom scenario, Mr. Whiston created ini-tiatives for students to explore career interests and acclimate themselves to the college expe-rience. Advanced placement programs, Dual Enrollment at local universities, a S.T.E.M. based magnet program, and a vocational pro-gram for culinary arts and hospitality have cre-ated a wide array of avenues for students to venture into higher education. This innovative approach led to increased test scores and graduation rates in the district and was cer-tainly of note as Mr. Whiston was named Michigan’s Superintendent of the Year in 2014. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A04JN8.011 E04JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E845 June 4, 2015 
As a proponent and champion of unions, 
Mr. Whiston fostered a strong working rela-tionship with all unions in the district, which was instrumental in settling contracts that kept jobs in the district, balanced the budget, and saved valuable taxpayer dollars. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
today to honor Mr. Whiston for achieving this accolade. I am confident his fantastic work with Dearborn Public Schools will transcend into his tenure as Michigan’s next State Su-perintendent. 
f 
HONORING LOS CERRITOS 
ELEMENTARY SCHOOL 
HON. ALAN S. LOWENTHAL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 4, 2015 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, congratula-
tions. Los Cerritos Elementary School in Long Beach, CA was recently selected as a 2015 U.S. Department of Education Green Ribbon School, an honor shared by several other schools in the Long Beach Unified School Dis-trict. 
The dedicated faculty and staff, students, 
and families who share the same ideals of conservation and sustainability in their com-munity are commended for integrating these ideals while meeting state education stand-ards. Through hands-on application of activi-ties such as farming and recycling, students become good stewards of their communities and environment and expand the margins of their K–5 education. Additionally, the campus has adopted new technologies to bring their existing infrastructure up to efficient standards. In sum, Long Beach Unified School District has saved approximately $4.9 million in en-ergy costs across multiple school campuses. 
Los Cerritos Elementary School is the fifth 
school in the school district to receive this dis-tinction. I am proud that Long Beach continues to be a leader in green education and I en-courage other schools, at all levels, to follow suit in adopting and implementing the leader-ship necessary to reduce environmental im-pacts. The environmental instruction being de-veloped by Los Cerritos Elementary as well as previously recognized Green Ribbon Schools should be a model for adoption by all schools nationwide. The value of a quality education to our community cannot be overstated, and in-vesting in green education will offer great re-turns to our future. 
f 
HONORING MRS. CAROLYN SIMS 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 4, 2015 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Mrs. Carolyn Sims, who is retiring after over 26 years of public service in Tarrant County. The communities where she has served in various positions over her career are better places because of her efforts. 
For over a decade I had the privilege of 
working with Mrs. Sims during her tenure. However, her service and commitment began long before we met, and will have a lasting im-pact beyond her official duties’ end. After 
graduating from the University of North Texas, Carolyn began working at a bank until she shifted to public service in education, as a middle school teacher and then as a school counselor. Mrs. Sims then served as the President of the Colleyville Chamber of Com-merce as well as for the Arts Council of North-east Tarrant County. 
During the 2003 legislative session, State 
Representative Vicki Truitt recruited Mrs. Sims to serve as her chief of staff in Austin. After returning to North Texas, Carolyn returned to her education roots and began to work for the Town of Westlake, Westlake Academy Foun-dation, and then the Northwest ISD Education Foundation. Finally, Carolyn utilized her con-nections and skills to serve the residents of Northeast Tarrant County as the 3rd Precinct County Administrator for Commissioner Gary Fickes. 
Over the course of her career, Carolyn has 
been recognized multiple times for her signifi-cant contributions to the North Texas commu-nity. In 1994, she received the Women’s Award for Business by the Women’s Shelter Legacy. In 1995, she received recognition from the Northeast Leadership Forum as the ‘‘Outstanding Community Volunteer’’. Adding to her accolades, the Star Telegram named Mrs. Sims the 1999 ‘‘Woman of the Year’’, while the Business Press named her the ‘‘Most Influential Woman’’ the same year. 
As Carolyn retires, her community service 
and dedicated work will be greatly missed. During her service of over 26 years, spanning from school board to chief of staff, Carolyn ha-bitually placed others ahead of herself. It is my privilege to honor such an outstanding citizen in the U.S. House of Representatives. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO SARAH ELIZABETH 
WILLIAMS, SEPTEMBER 3, 1918– MAY 9, 2015 
HON. WM. LACY CLAY 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 4, 2015 
Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay 
tribute to an extraordinary woman and a life- long friend to my family, the late Sarah Eliza-beth Williams. 
Sarah Elizabeth Williams was born on Sep-
tember 3, 1918 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. She was the oldest of four children and the only daughter born to Rev. Charles E. Wil-liams and Ethel Davis Williams. Her three brothers, Charles, Matthew, and James pre-ceded her in death. 
When Sarah was very young, the family 
moved to historic La Mott, a suburb of Phila-delphia, located in Cheltenham Township in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania. In 1885 the village was officially named for the famous abolitionist and suffragette, Lucretia Mott, who had moved to the area in 1850. Many long-time residents like Sarah as well as new ones were proud of their community’s heritage which stood as an important landmark in black history. One of the first communities to en-courage integrated living, the village rep-resented a turning point in the social and ra-cial development of residential communities in the post-Civil War era. ‘‘Roadside’’, the home of Lucretia Mott, was a stop for slaves trav-eling the Underground Railroad north to safe-
ty. 
After graduating from Cheltenham High 
School, Sarah moved to Norfolk, Virginia, at-tending Virginia Union Jr. College for two years. She took classes in English, Biology, and Zoology, before returning home to help look after her three brothers following her mother’s illness and death. 
For many years, Sarah worked as a techni-
cian at the Fels Research Institute at Temple University in Philadelphia. Her marriages ended in divorce, but out of the union she had one child, Sandra. 
Always looking to explore new horizons, 
Sarah took the Federal Civil Service exam and moved to Washington, D.C., in 1950 to secure employment in the federal government. 
Sarah, affectionately known as ‘‘Gramm’’ by 
family and friends, worked for H.E.W. in Washington, D.C., and the Army Corps of En-gineers in Gravely Point, Virginia. She trans-ferred to the U.S. Department of Justice in 1963, and worked there in the Civil Rights Di-vision. At the Department of Justice Sarah provided support to several attorneys, among them her heroes, Thurgood Marshall, and As-sistant Attorney General, John Doar. 
In 1968 and 1969, Sarah traveled with legal 
teams to Montgomery and Birmingham, Ala-bama, and to Chicago, Illinois, to help prepare briefs for various trials. The duration of these trips ranged from three days to as many as three weeks for the trial in Birmingham. One important case in 1980 involved an appeal in a suit alleging brutality and other unlawful practices on the part of the Philadelphia Police Department. Sarah always said her work with the attorneys in the division to combat racial and various other forms of discrimination in housing, education, and employment, while enforcing civil and voting rights, gave her a sense of pride and purpose and she received many special achievement awards for her ‘‘Superior Performance’’. 
Sarah retired in 1983 but always stayed 
connected to her former colleagues, and in 2007, was the oldest former employee to at-tend the Commemoration of the Department of Justice Civil Rights Division’s 50th anniversary at the Georgetown University Law Center in Washington, D.C. 
Prior to retirement, Sarah began living with 
her daughter and her husband, E. Lucien Cox, in Montgomery County, Maryland. She was a wonderful influence in the lives of her three grandchildren and family friends, providing them with much of her wisdom and experi-
ence. Sarah’s example helped them to appre-ciate the value of hard work, commitment, and best of all, joie de vivre. 
After retiring Sarah was able to travel to in-
teresting places throughout the world, become more active in her church, and dote on her seven great grandchildren, as well as volun-teering with reading programs at local schools. She continued to be active until age 87, when her health began to fail. 
Sarah, to quote Maya Anjelou, was truly a 
‘‘phenomenal woman’’, who always seemed to be ahead of the curve. Her interest in ecology and nature, and even encouraging the grand-children to recycle, goes back 45 years. She also stayed relevant by listening to and engag-ing young people. They learned from her and she learned from them and respected their views. 
Sarah’s sense of humor was legendary. Ev-
eryone who met her knew she never missed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A04JN8.017 E04JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E846 June 4, 2015 
a beat. You never could predict what was 
coming next, but you just knew it would be memorable. There will never be another like ‘‘Gramm’’. 
When Sarah’s family moved near her be-
loved Chesapeake Bay, to the Eastern Shore of Maryland in 2009, she accompanied them. She was a resident at the Berlin Maryland Nursing Center for five years and was cog-nitive and witty up until her passing on May 9, 2015. One of her greatest joys was living to see President Barack Obama elected twice, and to see Loretta Lynch confirmed as U.S. Attorney General. As she said, ‘‘I never thought I would live to see all of this’’. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge Members of Congress 
to join me in honoring the memory of Sarah Elizabeth Williams. Our wonderful memories of her will sustain us all. 
f 
CONGRATULATING KASSIE 
MCKNIGHT FOR COMPETING IN 
THE SCRIPPS NATIONAL SPELL-ING BEE 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 4, 2015 
Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-
gratulate Kassie McKnight for her achievement in representing southwest Missouri at the Scripps National Spelling Bee. 
Kassie is a Bolivar native and was an eighth 
grader at Bolivar Middle School during the time of the competition. She worked hard to get to the top, going through her local spelling bee in Bolivar to the Southwest Missouri Re-gional Spelling Bee at Missouri State Univer-sity in Springfield. Kassie competed against 34 other spellers through 64 tough rounds at the regional competition, ultimately spelling ‘‘exac-erbate’’ correctly to secure her spot at the 2015 Scripps National Spelling Bee in Wash-ington. Kassie was one of 285 contestants to compete in the esteemed national bee. 
These accomplishments took a great deal of 
hard work, including hours of practice and completion of numerous spelling drills, not to mention the ability to spell many difficult words that are rarely used in everyday conversation. I urge my colleagues to join me in congratu-lating Kassie on a job well done. It is great to represent in Congress such amazing talent found in the Missouri’s Seventh Congressional District. 
f 
IN HONOR OF STEVE BOLLINGER 
HON. J. FRENCH HILL 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 4, 2015 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, losing a father, 
mother, husband, or wife is an emotionally traumatic experience for any family. In addition to the burden faced by families that have ex-perienced this type of loss, losing a head of household has severe economic implications for their journey forward. The Bollinger family learned this three decades ago, after unex-pectedly losing their beloved Steve, leaving his wife, Lin, with four children and no income other than social security and several small in-surance policies. Luckily, the Bollingers had a 
strong team behind them to help them through the immediate difficulties this presented. 
During the Reagan Administration, Steve 
was Assistant Secretary for Community Plan-ning and Development at the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. Pre-viously, he had run for Cincinnati City Council and served as the head of the Public Housing Authority of Columbus, Ohio, where he served honorably. His dedication rendered a sincere appreciation and respect from his colleagues, and these individuals would be the ones that summoned the means of supporting the Bollinger family until they won a worker’s com-pensation claim that enabled them to return funds to the newly established Bollinger Foun-dation. And so, the group had a newly em-powered mission: to support families that faced the same struggle. 
I had the opportunity to work with Steve 
when I was a young staffer on Capitol Hill, working for the U.S. Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, & Urban Affairs. Steve came before the Committee to bring the Reagan Administration’s deregulation of the Community Development Block Grant. 
Steve, a young man at the age of 36, died 
while traveling to Savannah, Georgia, to speak to the Georgia Municipal League. Lin was pregnant with their fourth child, and Steve, who had been a public servant most of his adult life, had not had enough time to build a sufficient nest egg to properly take care of the future needs of his family. 
Since its founding, the Bollinger Foundation 
has provided nearly three quarters of a million dollars to families who have lost a loved one, with assistance given to families of individuals having worked in community or economic de-velopment, or assisted housing, as Steve did. 
The Foundation has helped countless fami-
lies including families affected by the bombing of the Murrah Federal Office Building in Okla-homa City, in which the greatest loss of life and injury was to people who worked for the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment. Numerous families have benefitted from the efforts of the Foundation and their committed members, and their efforts rep-resent Steve’s memory well. I am grateful for Steve, our friendship of long ago and or the continued work of the foundation bearing his name. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LOIS CAPPS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 4, 2015 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I was not able to 
be present for the following Roll Call votes on June 3, 2015 and would like to reflect that I would have voted as follows: Roll Call 289: No. 
f 
IN HONOR OF RICHARD MILLER 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 4, 2015 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor and remember Richard Miller, a resident of Cheshire, Connecticut, who passed away 
recently at the age of 100. 
Mr. Miller dedicated his life to serving others 
and was a leader in the community. He served on various municipal boards including the town’s Board of Education, Cheshire Hospice, and Senior Center. He also volunteered with countless civic organizations and societies and served three elected terms as the town of Cheshire’s Police Commissioner. 
Mr. Miller was a long time member of the 
First Congregational Church in my hometown of Cheshire, and was a very active member of the Rotary. He also established the Cheshire Food Drive, and raised funds for countless charitable organizations. 
Mr. Miller was a civil engineer who worked 
with The American Brass Company and Ana-conda Copper before completing his career with Platt Brothers & Company in Waterbury, CT in 1981. 
He served our country in the U.S. Army 
Corps of Engineers for four and a half years, mainly concerned with the training of Special Engineer service and combat units at Fort Belvoir, Virginia. He was honorably discharged in April 1946 with the rank of Major CE. 
Mr. Miller was an inspiration, and I know he 
is greatly missed by many, especially those in Connecticut’s 5th Congressional District. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE TRADE 
TRANSPAREN-C RESOLUTION 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 4, 2015 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
introduce the Trade Review Accountability Needs Sunlight and Preview of Any Regula-tions and Exact Negotiated Components Res-olution, or the ‘‘Trade TRANSPAREN-C Reso-lution.’’ 
Congress has granted the last eighteen 
presidents the authority to negotiate trade agreements withdrawing significant Congres-sional participation in the process. The recent past has seen a transformation in this author-ity, originally established to serve as negoti-ating guidelines. Today, it is little more than Congressional consent to be a rubber stamp as this implementing legislation sometimes re-ferred to as ‘‘Fast-Track’’ or ‘‘Trade Promotion Authority,’’ grants sweeping authority to the Executive branch to negotiate trade deals. And it undercuts the Constitutional responsi-bility of Congress to regulate commerce with foreign nations as outlined in Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution. Instead we are al-lowed merely an up or down vote. 
Today, I introduce this resolution to take 
back our Congressional authority, and to shine light on the negotiation process and final text of these increasingly massive trade deals. 
The Trade Promotion Authority currently 
under debate would usher through the top se-cret Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade agreement. It would also grant that fast track authority for up to six years. During that time we would be prohibited from any Congres-sional amendments or hearings, and given at most 60 days to review any proposed trade deal. This is a very short window if you con-sider that the draft TPP is between 800–1000 pages. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A04JN8.020 E04JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E847 June 4, 2015 
My Trade TRANSPAREN-C Resolution will 
put a hold on consideration of any imple-menting ‘‘Fast-Track’’ bill for any trade agree-ment until the full, final text of that agreement has been available to the public for no less than 60 days. This includes the secretive TPP. 
In its current form, the TPP would outsource 
good jobs, degrade global environmental and working standards and allow investor rights to overrun the rights of workers. The TPP is also packed with special-interest perks thanks to the more than 600 transnational corporations that weighed in on, and in some case wrote, the agreement in secret. Meanwhile the Amer-ican people have still not been allowed to read it. 
For six years the U.S. trade representative 
has kept the TPP buried under a top secret classification. Even Members of Congress can only read it in a secure room under the watch-ful eye of a security monitor. I visited that room to review several sections of the deal and was not allowed to make copies, keep notes, take pictures, or share anything I learned with anyone unless they have Top Se-cret security clearance, all under threat of prosecution. 
Despite the secrecy, this deal has provi-
sions the American people need to know about. 
The Trade TRANSPAREN-C Resolution will 
reaffirm Congress’s Constitutional authority to set the terms for international trade. It will allow the American public time and sunlight to see the Trans-Pacific Partnership and future trade deals for themselves. As Members of Congress, we have a duty to our constituents to play the role mandated by the Constitution. Not allowing the people access to the full dis-cussion would be a disservice to them. I urge my colleagues to support the Trade TRANSPAREN-C Resolution to ensure U.S. trade policy reflects American principles of representative governance. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GUS M. BILIRAKIS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 4, 2015 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-
ably detained and was unable to make two votes. On roll call vote 288, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘No.’’ On roll call vote 289, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘Aye.’’ 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF MS. 
MARGARET JACKSON 
HON. CHARLES B. RANGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 4, 2015 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize and honor the life of Ms. Margaret Jackson, a well respected Harlem activist, 
business woman and all around exemplary human being. 
Margaret Jackson serves her community not 
merely through rhetoric but in her noble ac-tions. The Martin Luther King Jr. Democratic Club exemplifies excellent civic service and brings hope and joy to countless citizens by keeping the legacy of the Reverend Doctor Martin Luther King Jr. at the forefront of our collective cultural consciousness. Margaret Jackson was the president of that institution. Under her leadership, the club continued its core principle of continuing a sense of altru-istic civic mindedness, the likes of which brought great pride to her community. She wasn’t, however, merely a member of but one institution focused on community service; she was instrumental to several. Ms. Jackson was the treasurer of the Harlem YMCA where she worked with competence, professionalism, and dignity, and a member of St. Phillip’s Epis-copal Church where she served and wor-shipped with great dignity. She was the epit-ome of a civic minded spiritualist. 
Margaret Jackson was an exceptional per-
son, a polymath who mastered many trades and served the public in many ways. She not only made a great impact in the non-profit sector, but she owned several successful busi-nesses. Margaret Jackson was president of two funeral homes, which she led with com-petence, humanitarian compassion, and a heartfelt and deeply meaningful sense of care towards the neediest among us: traits vital in the managing of a funeral home, where those who came to her needed compassion more than anything else. She also proved her eco-nomic expertise in her ownership of a suc-cessful realty corporation, which she ran skill-fully and prosperously, but always with a civic minded wholly humanitarian desire to serve the needy. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my distin-
guished colleagues join me in recognizing this wonderful person and all of the good that she stood for. The United States is built upon the backs of its most civic and conscientious citi-zens. 
f 
HONORING CIVIL RIGHTS ACTIVIST 
REV. FREDERICK D. REESE 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 4, 2015 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to honor renowned civil rights lead-er Rev. Frederick D. Reese, a pillar in the Selma to Montgomery marches of 1965. This courageous Alabamian is being honored on Saturday June 7, 2015, in my hometown of Selma, Alabama, for his service and contribu-tions to education and politics, as well as the fight for equality and justice. I am proud to be a part of efforts to pay homage to one of the most influential Americans in history. 
Dr. Reese was born November 28, 1929. A 
believer in education, he graduated from Ala-bama State University and Livingston Univer-
sity, and studied and attended Southern Uni-versity, the University of Alabama and Auburn University before receiving his doctorate of di-vinity from Selma University. 
Dr. Reese is an historic figure of modern 
history known for his support of civil rights. Dr. Reese rose to national prominence as a civil rights leader following ‘‘Bloody Sunday.’’ 
This beloved civil rights activist marched 
across the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, Alabama in 1965, along with hundreds of other supporters. By the mid-1960’s, Reese was President of the Dallas County Voter’s League and was also a local teacher who pre-sided over the Selma Teachers Association. Discouraged by Selma’s efforts to hinder voter registration for African Americans, Dr. Reese advocated that teachers press the issue. Dr. Reese invited Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr. and the Southern Christian Leadership Conference to lead Selma’s voting rights pro-test. 
Dr. Reese has served the Selma and Dallas 
County community faithfully and his exemplary work and commitment to social justice is well known. Notably, Dr. Reese hasn’t left the com-munity that he helped become the center of the civil rights movement in the 1960s. Dr. Reese has been quoted as saying his new fight is to inspire young people to lead pur-poseful lives. 
‘‘I tell young people today that they cannot 
rest on our victories,’’ Dr. Reese said. ‘‘We have to remain committed. That means reg-istering to vote and participating in what this country has to offer. That means making a dif-ference for others.’’ 
Dr. Reese said that he marched so that ev-
eryone, regardless of color, could become a first-class citizen. Dr. Reese knows that you have to stand for what you believe in. He be-came nationally known for his beliefs and in-spired others to stand as well. Dr. Reese has remained committed to education and service. He became a principal and a city councilman, serving 12 years on the Selma City Council. He also ran for mayor in 1984, and led a cam-paign to motivate Wal-Mart executives to hire African-Americans as store managers. 
In 2000, in honor of his civil rights work, a 
stretch of more than three miles of U.S. Route 80, where he marched to Montgomery, was named the Frederick D. Reese Parkway. The F.D. Reese Christian Academy in Kokomo, In-diana, was also dedicated to him. 
Dr. Reese has been the pastor of Selma’s 
Ebenezer Baptist Church since 1965. Although he is retired from teaching, he still works as a Baptist minister and delivers a sermon to his congregation each week. 
On behalf of the 7th Congressional District, 
the State of Alabama and this nation, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the ac-complishments of Reverend Dr. F.D. Reese. We pay tribute to his distinguished career and honor his contributions and leadership in the civil rights movement. My deep appreciation is expressed for his courageous, distinguished and on-going service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Jun 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A04JN8.025 E04JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D647 Thursday, June 4, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3731–S3848 
Measures Introduced: Twenty bills and two resolu-
tions were introduced, as follows: S. 1502–1521, and S. Res. 192–193.
                                               Pages S3775–76 
Measures Reported: 
S. 710, to reauthorize the Native American Hous-
ing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996, with amendments.
                                                     Page S3775 
Measures Passed: 
Defending Public Safety Employees’ Retirement 
Act: Committee on Finance was discharged from fur-
ther consideration of H.R. 2146, to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow Federal law en-forcement officers, firefighters, and air traffic control-lers to make penalty-free withdrawals from govern-mental plans after age 50, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                                       Page S3844 
McConnell (for Toomey) Amendment No. 1782, 
to change the effective date.                                 Page S3844 
Measures Considered: 
National Defense Authorization Act—Agree-
ment: Senate continued consideration of H.R. 1735, 
to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S3734–58 
Adopted: 
By 61 yeas to 34 nays (Vote No. 202), Portman 
Amendment No. 1522 (to Amendment No. 1463), to provide additional amounts for procurement and for research, development, test, and evaluation for Stryker Lethality Upgrades, and to provide an offset. 
                                                                      Pages S3734, S3737–38 
Reed (for Bennet) Amendment No. 1540 (to 
Amendment No. 1463), to require the Comptroller General of the United States to brief and submit a report to Congress on the administration and over-sight by the Department of Veterans Affairs of con-tracts for the design and construction of major med-
ical facility projects.
                                  Pages S3734, S3738 
By 48 yeas to 44 nays (Vote No. 204), Tillis 
Amendment No. 1506 (to Amendment No. 1463), to provide for the stationing of C–130 H aircraft avionics previously modified by the Avionics Mod-ernization Program (AMP) in support of daily train-ing and contingency requirements for Airborne and Special Operations Forces.
               Pages S3734, S3754–55 
McCain (for Shaheen) Amendment No. 1618 (to 
Amendment No. 1463), of a perfecting nature. 
                                                                                    Pages S3755–56 
McCain Amendment No. 1539 (to Amendment 
No. 1463), to prohibit the Department of Defense from entering into contracts to facilitate payments for honoring members of the Armed Forces at sport-ing events.
                                                             Pages S3755–56 
McCain (for Shaheen) Amendment No. 1551 (to 
Amendment No. 1463), to require a study and re-port on the changes to the Joint Travel Regulations related to flat rate per diem for long term temporary duty travel that took effect on November 1, 2014. 
                                                                                    Pages S3755–56 
McCain (for Warner) Amendment No. 1571 (to 
Amendment No. 1463), to express the sense of Con-gress on diversity among members of the Armed Forces.
                                                                      Pages S3755–56 
McCain (for Hoeven) Amendment No. 1484 (to 
Amendment No. 1463), to require a report on Air National Guard contributions to the RQ–4 Global Hawk mission.
                                                    Pages S3755–56 
McCain (for Heller) Amendment No. 1511 (to 
Amendment No. 1463), to require additional ele-ments in the report on the plan on the privatization of the defense commissary system.
            Pages S3755–56 
Rejected: 
By 53 yeas to 42 nays (Vote No. 203), Reed (for 
Shaheen) Amendment No. 1494 (to Amendment No. 1463), to revise the definition of spouse for pur-poses of veterans benefits in recognition of new State definitions of spouse. (A unanimous-consent agree-ment was reached providing that the amendment, having failed to achieve 60 affirmative votes, was not agreed to.)
                                                Pages S3734, S3753–54 
Pending: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:09 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D04JN5.REC D04JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D648 June 4, 2015 
McCain Amendment No. 1463, in the nature of 
a substitute.                                                                   Page S3734 
McCain Amendment No. 1456 (to Amendment 
No. 1463), to require additional information sup-porting long-range plans for construction of naval vessels.
                                                                             Page S3734 
Reed Amendment No. 1521 (to Amendment No. 
1463), to limit the availability of amounts author-ized to be appropriated for overseas contingency op-erations pending relief from the spending limits under the Budget Control Act of 2011. 
                                                                      Pages S3734, S3744–46 
Cornyn Amendment No. 1486 (to Amendment 
No. 1463), to require reporting on energy security issues involving Europe and the Russian Federation, and to express the sense of Congress regarding ways the United States could help vulnerable allies and partners with energy security.
                             Page S3734 
Vitter Amendment No. 1473 (to Amendment No. 
1463), to limit the retirement of Army combat units.
                                                                        Pages S3738–39 
Markey Amendment No. 1645 (to Amendment 
No. 1463), to express the sense of Congress that ex-ports of crude oil to United States allies and partners should not be determined to be consistent with the national interest if those exports would increase en-ergy prices in the United States for American con-sumers or businesses or increase the reliance of the United States on imported oil.
                   Pages S3740–53 
Reed (for Blumenthal) Amendment No. 1564 (to 
Amendment No. 1463), to increase civil penalties for violations of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act. 
                                                                                            Page S3757 
McCain (for Paul) Modified Amendment No. 
1543 (to Amendment No. 1463), to strengthen em-ployee cost savings suggestions programs within the Federal Government.
                          Pages S3756–57, S3758 
Reed (for Durbin) Amendment No. 1559 (to 
Amendment No. 1463), to prohibit the award of Department of Defense contracts to inverted domes-tic corporations.
                                                          Page S3757 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that at approximately 4 p.m., on Monday, June 8, 2015, Senate resume consideration of the bill.
                                                                                   Page S3844 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
1 Air Force nomination in the rank of general. 3 Army nominations in the rank of general. 1 Marine Corps nomination in the rank of general. 1 Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Army and Navy. 
                                                                                    Pages S3847–48 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S3775 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S3775 Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S3776–78 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S3778–81 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S3771–75 
Amendments Submitted:                     Pages S3781–S3844 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S3844 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S3844 
Record Votes: Three record votes were taken today. 
(Total—204)                                    Pages S3738, S3754, S3755 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 6:08 p.m., until 3 p.m. on Monday, June 8, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S3844.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-
mittee ordered favorably reported the nomination of Jeffrey Michael Prieto, of California, to be General Counsel of the Department of Agriculture. 
EXPORT-IMPORT BANK OF THE UNITED 
STATES 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
Committee concluded an oversight hearing to exam-ine the Export-Import Bank of the United States, in-cluding S. 819, to reauthorize and reform the Ex-port-Import Bank of the United States, after receiv-ing testimony from Fred P. Hochberg, President and Chairman, Export-Import Bank of the United States. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
Committee ordered favorably reported the nomina-tion of of Peter V. Neffenger, of Ohio, to be an As-sistant Secretary of Homeland Security. 
SECURITY ASSISTANCE IN AFRICA 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine security assistance in Africa, after receiving testimony from Linda Thomas-Green-field, Assistant Secretary, Bureau of African Affairs, and Puneet Talwar, Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, both of the Department of State; Amanda Dory, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense, Office of the Under Secretary for Policy, African Affairs; and Lauren Ploch Blanchard, Spe-cialist in African Affairs, Congressional Research Service, Library of Congress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:09 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D04JN5.REC D04JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D649 June 4, 2015 
FEDERAL REGULATORY PROCESS 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Fed-
eral Management concluded a hearing to examine practical solutions to improve the Federal regulatory process, after receiving testimony from Susan E. Dudley, George Washington University Regulatory Studies Center, Washington, D.C.; and Michael Greenstone, University of Chicago Energy Policy In-stitute, Chicago, Illinois. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported the following business items: 
S. 1137, to amend title 35, United States Code, 
and the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act to make improvements and technical corrections, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; and 
The nominations of Dale A. Drozd, to be United 
States District Judge for the Eastern District of Cali-fornia, Lawrence Joseph Vilardo, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of New York, LaShann Moutique DeArcy Hall, and Ann Donnelly, both to be a United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York, John W. 
Huber, to be United States Attorney for the District of Utah for the term of four years, Eileen Maura Decker, to be United States Attorney for the Central District of California for the term of four years, and Eric Steven Miller, to be United States Attorney for the District of Vermont for the term of four years. 
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT SUBSIDY RULE 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Over-
sight, Agency Action, Federal Rights and Federal Courts concluded a hearing to examine the process that led to the Affordable Care Act subsidy rule, after receiving testimony from Michael A. Carvin, Jones Day, Michael F. Cannon, Cato Institute, Eliza-beth B. Wydra, Constitutional Accountability Cen-ter, and Robert N. Weiner, Arnold and Porter LLP, all of Washington, D.C.; and Andy S. Grewal, Uni-versity of Iowa College of Law, Iowa City. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in 
closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 40 pub-
lic bills, H.R.&45 092684; and 6 resolutions, H. Con. Res.U; and H. Res.)8 09302 were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H3912–16 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H3916–17 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 2131, to designate the Federal building and 
United States courthouse located at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Waties Waring Judicial Center’’ (H. Rept. 114–137); and 
H.R. 2394, to reauthorize the National Forest 
Foundation Act, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–138).
                     Page H3912 
Transportation, Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016: The House continued consideration of H.R. 
2577, making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016. Consideration is expected to re-
sume Tuesday, June 9.
                             Pages H3882–H3903 
Agreed to: 
Norton amendment that prohibits funds from 
being used in contravention of the 5th or 14th Amendment to the Constitution or title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964;
                             Pages H3883–84 
Gosar amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
for the Federal Transit Administration’s Rapid Growth Area Transit Program;
                          Page H3888 
Gallego amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) to redesign the Phoenix Metroplex regional airspace; 
                                                                                            Page H3891 
Maxine Waters (CA) amendment that prohibits 
the use of funds to carry out section 210 of this Act with respect to the Housing Authority of the county of Los Angeles, CA;
                                                 Page H3893 
Walberg amendment that was debated on June 
3rd that strikes section 102 from the bill which al-lows the Secretary or his designee to engage in ac-tivities with States and State legislators to consider 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:09 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D04JN5.REC D04JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D650 June 4, 2015 
proposals related to the reduction of motorcycle fa-
talities (by a recorded vote of 235 ayes to 189 noes, Roll No. 299); and
                                           Pages H3897–98 
Stivers amendment that was debated on June 3rd 
that prohibits the use of funds for the Private En-forcement Initiative of the Fair Housing Initiatives Program under section 561(b) of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1987 (by a re-corded vote of 224 ayes to 198 noes, Roll No. 307). 
                                                                                    Pages H3902–03 
Rejected: 
Norton amendment that sought to prohibit the 
use of funds to permit air transportation service be-tween midnight and 6 a.m. at Ronald Reagan Na-tional Airport (DCA);
                                     Pages H3885–86 
McClintock amendment that was debated on June 
3rd that sought to zero out the funding for Pay-ments to Air Carriers and apply the savings of $155,000,000 to the spending reduction account (by a recorded vote of 166 ayes to 255 noes, Roll No. 298);
                                                                                 Page H3897 
Cartwright amendment that was debated on June 
3rd that sought to strike section 134 of the bill, which prohibits the use of funds to develop, issue, or implement any regulation that increases levels of minimum financial responsibility for transporting passengers or property as in effect on January 1, 2014 (by a recorded vote of 176 ayes to 247 noes, Roll No. 301);
                                                    Pages H3898–99 
Garrett amendment that was debated on June 3rd 
that sought to increase funding, by offset, for the Federal Railroad Administration by $16,930,000 (by a recorded vote of 160 ayes to 266 noes, Roll No. 302);
                                                                                 Page H3899 
Brooks (AL) amendment that was debated on June 
3rd that sought to strike the paragraph providing funding for Operating Grants to the National Rail-road Passenger Corporation (by a recorded vote of 143 ayes to 283 noes, Roll No. 303); 
                                                                             Pages H3899–H3900 
Brooks (AL) amendment that was debated on June 
3rd that sought to strike the paragraph providing funding for Capital and Debt Service Grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation (by a re-corded vote of 139 ayes to 286 noes, Roll No. 304); 
                                                                                    Pages H3900–01 
Capps amendment that was debated on June 3rd 
that sought to increase funding in the Pipeline Safe-ty Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund by $27,604,000 (by a recorded vote of 202 ayes to 222 noes, Roll No. 305);
                                                                       Page H3901 
Lee amendment that sought to prohibit the use of 
funds to administer, implement, or enforce section 193 or section 414 of this Act (by a recorded vote of 176 ayes to 247 noes with one answering 
‘‘present’’, Roll No. 306); and 
                                                                Pages H3888–91, H3901–02 
Esty amendment that was debated on June 3rd 
that sought to increase funding, by offset, for the Federal Railroad Administration, by $3,000,000 (by a recorded vote of 184 ayes to 230 noes, Roll No. 308. Agreed by unanimous consent that the earlier roll call vote taken on the Esty amendment be va-cated).
                                                 Pages H3898, H3901, H3903 
Withdrawn: Polis amendment that was offered and subse-
quently withdrawn that would have evaluated rider-ship on transit by ridership demand; and 
                                                                                    Pages H3887–88 
Blumenauer amendment that was offered and sub-
sequently withdrawn that would have reduced the amount for necessary expenses for the ‘‘Department of Transportation, Office of the Secretary, Salaries and Expenses’’ by $1.
                                      Pages H3895–96 
Proceedings Postponed: Blackburn amendment (No. 7 printed in the Con-
gressional Record of June 3, 2015) that seeks to re-duce each amount made available by this Act by 1 percent;
                                                                   Pages H3882–83 
Gosar amendment that seeks to prohibit the use 
of funds to carry out the rule entitled ‘‘Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing’’, published by the Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development in the Federal Register on July 19, 2013;
          Pages H3884–85 
Gosar amendment that seeks to prohibit the use 
of funds to implement, administer, or enforce the rule entitled ‘‘Hazardous Materials: Enhanced Tank Car Standards and Operational Controls for High- Hazard Flammable Trains’’;
                         Pages H3886–87 
Posey amendment that seeks to prohibit the use 
of funds by the Department of Transportation to take any actions with respect to the financing of pas-senger rail projects along Florida’s East Coast; 
                                                                                            Page H3891 
Sessions amendment that seeks to prohibit the use 
of funds to support Amtrak’s route with the highest loss, measured by contributions/(Loss) per Rider; 
                                                                                    Pages H3892–93 
Sessions amendment that seeks to prohibit the use 
of funds to support any Amtrak route whose costs exceed 2 times its revenues;
                         Pages H3893–94 
Schiff amendment that seeks to prohibit the use 
of funds to enforce section 47524 of title 49, with regard to noise or access restriction of the Bob Hope Airport in Burbank, CA;
                               Pages H3894–95 
Posey amendment that seeks to prohibit the use 
of funds by the Department of Transportation to au-thorize exempt facility bonds to finance passenger rail projects that cannot attain the speed of 150 mph; and
                                                                       Page H3895 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:09 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D04JN5.REC D04JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D651 June 4, 2015 
Posey amendment that seeks to prohibit the use 
of funds by the Department of Transportation to make a loan in an amount that exceeds $600,000,000 under the Railroad Revitalization and Regulatory Reform Act.
                                         Page H3896 
H. Res. 287, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 2577) and (H.R. 2578) was agreed to on June 2nd. 
Passing of Joseph Robinette ‘‘Beau’’ Biden, III: 
The House agreed to H. Res. 299, on the passing of Joseph Robinette ‘‘Beau’’ Biden, III.
         Page H3904 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 2 p.m. on Monday, June 8 and that the order of the House of January 6, 2015 regarding Morning Hour debate does not apply on that day.
     Page H3904 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
today appears on page H3896. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Ten recorded votes devel-
oped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H3897, H3897–98, H3898–99, H3899, H3900, H3900–01, H3901, H3902, H3902–03 and H3903. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-
journed at 2 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURE 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining H.R. 2017, the Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act of 2015’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURE 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Energy and Power concluded a hearing entitled ‘‘Discussion Draft on Accountability and Department of Energy Perspectives on Title IV: Energy Effi-ciency’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
EPA REGULATORY OVERREACH: IMPACTS 
ON AMERICAN COMPETITIVENESS 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-
mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘EPA Regulatory Overreach: Impacts on American Competitiveness’’. 
Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
SIZING UP SMALL BUSINESS: SBA’S 
FAILURE TO IMPLEMENT CONGRESSIONAL DIRECTION 
Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Con-
tracting and Workforce held a hearing entitled ‘‘Sizing Up Small Business: SBA’s Failure to Imple-ment Congressional Direction’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Full Com-
mittee held a markup on H.R. 2596, the ‘‘Intel-ligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’ and considered Member access requests. This markup was closed. The Intelligence Authorization Act was or-dered reported, as amended. Member access was granted to the House for the classified schedules of authorizations and the classified annexes accom-panying H.R. 2596. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see DAILY DIGEST , p. D634) 
H.R. 2048, to reform the authorities of the Fed-
eral Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveillance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign in-telligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes. Signed on June 2, 2015. (Public Law 114–23) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, 
JUNE 5, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:09 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D04JN5.REC D04JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD652 June 4, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
3 p.m., Monday, June 8 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond one hour), Senate will resume consideration of H.R. 1735, National De-fense Authorization Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
2 p.m., Monday, June 8 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: House will meet in Pro Forma 
session at 2 p.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Adams, Alma S., N.C., E844 
Benishek, Dan, Mich., E840, E841 Bera, Ami, Calif., E840 Bilirakis, Gus M., Fla., E847 Brady, Robert A., Pa., E843 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E845 Butterfield, G.K., N.C., E841 Capps, Lois, Calif., E846 Clay, Wm. Lacy, Mo., E845 Cummings, Elijah E., Md., E839 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E844 
Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E846 Gosar, Paul A., Ariz., E840 Hill, J. French, Ark., E846 Hurt, Robert, Va., E844 Johnson, Bill, Ohio, E843 Jolly, David W., Fla., E839 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E846 Long, Billy, Mo., E846 Lowenthal, Alan S., Calif., E845 Lowey, Nita M., N.Y., E844 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E842 Messer, Luke, Ind., E841 
Mooney, Alexander X., W.Va. E842 Palazzo, Steven M., Miss., E843 Rangel, Charles B., N.Y., E843, E847 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E840 Sa´nchez, Linda T., Calif., E841 
Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E844 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E847 Smith, Adam, Wash., E842 Takano, Mark, Calif., E844 Walden, Greg, Ore., E842 Walters, Mimi, Calif., E840 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:09 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D04JN5.REC D04JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE