Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2593 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MAY 4, 2015 No. 66 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Tuesday, May 5, 2015, at 11:30 a.m. 
Senate 
MONDAY , MAY4, 2015 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Lord God Omnipotent, Your power 
and love destroyed the darkness of death and sin. Thank You for hardships that keep us humble and for misfor-tunes that keep us aware of Your power and goodness. 
Lord, rule the wills of our lawmakers 
by Your might as You use them to do Your work on Earth. Give them faith to look beyond today’s challenges and trials, believing that neither life nor death can separate them from Your love. May they not become bogged down in self-made cares as they con-tinue to look to You, the Author and Finisher of our faith. 
Help us all to prove our gratitude to 
You by selfless service for those who need our love and care. 
We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
ERNST ). The minority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
IRAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT 
REVIEW ACT 
Mr. REID. Madam President, every 
Member of this body wants to keep Iran from getting a nuclear weapon— everyone—Democrats, Republicans, and Independents. But I have to say, a number of my Republican friends have shown an unusual way of showing this. The chairman and ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee worked to find a middle ground on this bill that satisfies congressional Demo-crats, Republicans, and the administra-tion. It wasn’t easy. In fact, it was a long and difficult process. That bill came out of the committee 19 to 0. But these two good men, the junior Senator from Maryland and the junior Senator from Tennessee, were able to strike a delicate balance that allows Congress to vote on a final Iran agreement. They were able to build a consensus along the way. 
The Corker-Cardin bill was reported 
out of committee unanimously. Yet be-fore this compromise even came to the floor, certain Senate Republicans were determined to destroy it. A number of Senate Republicans are prioritizing Presidential politics over national se-curity. Others are simply trying to un-dermine President Obama. 
For example, the junior Senator from 
Arkansas has been on record for months stating his desire to see this 
negotiation fail. Back in January, be-fore there was a framework of an agreement, he said the following about the ongoing negotiations to stop Iran from getting a nuclear weapon: 
The end of these negotiations isn’t an un-
intended consequence of congressional ac-tion. It is very much an intended con-sequence. 
It is there what he said, just as clear 
as day. The junior Senator from Ar-kansas and other Republicans want to see any potential agreement with Iran crash and burn, even before we know what is in the final agreement. 
Some Republicans have proposed poi-
son pills—poison pill after poison pill— to what was a noble compromise be-tween the leaders of the Foreign Rela-
tions Committee. Republicans have proposed 67 amendments as of right now. If they could, they would offer more. Democrats, on the other hand, do not want to upset this delicate bal-ance. We have offered no amendments. Instead, we have striven to preserve the Corker-Cardin bill. 
The difference, as usual, is that 
Democrats want to be constructive and Republicans continue to want to be de-structive. Democrats want to pass this bipartisan bill right now, even as the junior Senators from Arkansas, Flor-ida, Texas, and others work to ruin it. 
The Senate has already voted on two 
poisonous amendments, and we will vote on more if we have to, but we don’t have to. It is not necessary. It is now clear opponents of the bill aren’t interested in being reasonable. The op-ponents of the Corker-Cardin legisla-tion aren’t concerned with finding a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MY6.000 S04MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2594 May 4, 2015 
middle ground. That is why the major-
ity leader should file cloture now to preserve this legislation. Destructive Members within his own party have forced his hand. 
I support the majority leader in tak-
ing this step because it is the only path forward to passing this meritorious legislation. The exemplary work done by the chairman and ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee is too important to be undone by Sen-ators who are putting politics before national and global security. 
Mr. REID. Would the Chair announce 
the business of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL 
DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD— VETO 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the veto message to accompany S.J. Res. 8, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Veto message to accompany S.J. Res. 8, a 
joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Na-tional Labor Relations Board relating to rep-resentation case procedures. 
Mr. REID. Madam President, I sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
HONORING VIETNAM VETERANS AND NORTH DA -
KOTA ’S SOLDIERS WHO LOST THEIR LIVES IN  
VIETNAM  
Ms. HEITKAMP. Madam President, 
today I rise to continue an effort to honor the memory of the 198 North Da-kotans who died while serving our country in Vietnam. As I have said in the past, we are in a period of 13 years of recognition of the sacrifices of those Vietnam vets based on a proclamation signed by the President. I think it is only appropriate that we recognize not only those who were killed in action but also our living Vietnam vets who add so strongly to the fabric of our so-ciety and our culture. 
First, I would like to recognize a 
Vietnam veteran who is making a dif-ference each and every day, my good friend Rick Olek. He served in the U.S. Army in Vietnam. He spent 20 years in the National Guard and over 30 years as a U.S. Postal Service letter carrier. He served on North Dakota’s Adminis-trative Committee on Veterans Affairs and as president of the North Dakota 
Veterans Coordinating Council. Today, he grills a top-notch steak at the AMVETS. 
I also want to again thank the Bis-
marck High School 11th graders and their teachers for helping me to re-search these fallen heroes and to reach out to their families. These students contacted the family of George Valker III as part of their project and shared their research with my office. I know that this experience for these students has enriched not only my efforts here but enriched their lives as well. 
I want the family members, friends, 
and fellow veterans of the men I honor today to know that it is not easy to narrow the facts of each man’s life. In fact, I believe a book could be written about every one of them. I am touched that so many family and friends have opened up to us to talk about their loved ones. 
GERALD COULTHART  
We are going to start with Gerald 
Coulthart. Gerald was from Hamilton. He was born June 5, 1947. He served in the Army’s 1st Cavalry Division. Ger-ald was 21 years old when he died on April 28, 1969. He was the youngest of six children. His brother Raymond also served in the Army. 
In high school, Gerald participated in 
wrestling. After graduation, he at-tended the Hanson Trade School in Fargo. Before leaving for Vietnam, Gerald shared a premonition with his sister Serene that he would not be alive the next time they would be to-gether. Despite his feeling, Gerald was glad to go, saying it was better it be he than a guy with kids and a family and a wife. 
Gerald’s fellow soldier, Michael Mat-
thews, recounted that Gerald died 6 weeks into his tour in Vietnam, when Firebase Carolyn came under rocket attack. 
STEPHEN EICHELBERGER  
Stephen Eichelberger was from Fargo 
and was born September 26, 1946. He served in the Marine Corps in the 2nd Battalion, 26th Marines. Stephen died on May 16, 1967. He was 20 years old. He was one of five children. Stephen’s brother Richard served in the Army. 
Stephen’s siblings remember him 
teaching them about the real world. They say Stephen was the best brother anyone could ask for. They appreciated his dedication to them, including at-tending their sporting events and even buying them a bike. 
In addition to his parents and sib-
lings, Stephen left behind his wife Janet and one son John. 
FRANCIS ‘‘ED’’ GEIGER  
Francis ‘‘Ed’’ Geiger was from Dick-
inson. He was born on December 23, 1936. He served in the Air Force as a pilot. Ed was 28 years old when he died on July 23, 1965. He was the eighth of 10 children. Only three of them are living today: Monica, Florence, and Leonard. 
Ed became an Air Force captain and 
flight instructor who was very careful about deciding whether or not to cer-
tify other officers to fly. He was a stickler for the rules. 
Ed left behind his wife Joan and 
daughter Lynn. 
Faith was very important to Ed. 
While in Vietnam, he worked with the chaplain to provide a daily Catholic mass for those who wished to attend. 
Two Air Force memorials honor Ed: 
Geiger Hall at Minot Air Force Base and a memorial wall at Memorial Park in Colorado Springs for forward air controllers killed in action. 
STEPHEN GROTH , JR. 
Stephen Groth, Jr., was from 
Enderlin and was born January 12, 1945. He served in the Army’s 4th Infantry Division. Stephen was 22 years old when he went missing July 12, 1967. 
In high school, Stephen was well 
liked. He enjoyed golf and baseball. He attended both North Dakota State Uni-versity and the State School of Science in Wahpeton before joining the service. 
His sister Kathy remembers how Ste-
phen spent his last days before leaving for Vietnam visiting the people he loved. Kathy has always believed he was using this time to say good-bye. Throughout the years, people have left photos, letters, and other memorials at his grave in Enderlin. 
MELVIN LEMBKE  
Melvin Lembke was from Grand 
Forks and was born March 23, 1944. He served in the Army’s 1st Cavalry Divi-sion. On December 11, 1968, Melvin died. He was 24 years old. 
Melvin was one of four boys, and 
three of them served in the military at the same time. One brother, Raymond, also served in the Army, and another brother, William, served in the Marine Corps. 
Melvin was an accomplished wrestler, 
earning second in the State high school championship, and later made the wrestling team at the University of North Dakota. 
Melvin’s brothers remembered how 
he excelled in math and science and loved life. Melvin was survived by his wife, son, brothers, and parents. 
THOMAS NARUM  
Thomas Narum was from Amidon and 
was born on May 13, 1946. He served in the Army’s 1st Infantry Division. He was only 20 years old when he died on January 18, 1967. 
Thomas was 1 of 11 children. His sis-
ter closest in age, Margaret, remem-bers Thomas as a kind, gentle young man. She told of how he would often scrub the floors in their home to help his mother. 
Thomas was such an important part 
of the sports teams in high school that after he fell off a scaffolding while working on the family’s house, the school superintendent was upset that Thomas chose to have surgery for the chipped bone in his arm and wouldn’t be able to play. 
RICHARD ORSUND  
Richard Orsund was from Grafton 
and was born on July 19, 1947. He served 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MY6.001 S04MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2595 May 4, 2015 
in the Army’s 11th Armored Cavalry 
Regiment. Richard died on March 27, 1968. He was 20 years old. 
Richard was the second of four chil-
dren. His father served in the Army in World War II, and his older brother served in the North Dakota National Guard. 
Richard’s sister Shirley remembers 
him as a well-respected young man. He was the president of the student coun-cil, and he was an outstanding athlete in track and football. He worked a part-time job after school. So, in order to practice for track, he woke up early every morning and ran 4 miles around the family’s section of land. 
Richard believed he would eventually 
be drafted. So after 1 year of college, he enlisted in the Army. 
At Richard’s funeral, the church and 
basement were both overflowing, with some people standing outside listening. 
RONALD ‘‘RONNIE ’’ STOLTENOW  
Ronald ‘‘Ronnie’’ Stoltenow was 
from Hankinson and was born on June 29, 1947. He served in the Army’s 1st In-fantry Division. Ronnie was 20 years old when he died on November 7, 1967. 
His family and friends say he was re-
spectful, loyal, humble, compassionate, friendly, hardworking, willing to learn, and spontaneous. 
Ronnie served as a medic in Vietnam. 
During an ambush, he was wounded but he continued to give aid to his fellow soldiers until he was eventually shot and kill. 
His family believes his bravery, deep 
sense of duty to his country, and com-passion for others led Ronnie to be-come a fallen hero. 
GEORGE TONGEN  
George Tongen was from Walhalla 
and was born on August 7, 1947. He served in the Army’s 25th Infantry Di-vision. George died May 21, 1968. He was 20 years old. 
George was the middle child of seven 
children. Three of George’s brothers also served our country. Robert served in the Marine Corps, and Daniel and John served in the Army. 
George’s father was not able to finish 
high school, so he made sure his chil-dren understood the importance of edu-cation. George was the only child in their family who didn’t earn a college degree because he chose to enlist after his sophomore year of college. George’s siblings completed their college edu-cation, some earning master’s and doc-toral degrees. 
George’s family remembers him as a 
bright, avid reader and music lover. He was a positive role model to the kids he encountered while working as a life-guard and camp counselor. 
RICHARD ‘‘DICK’’ TRISKE  
Richard ‘‘Dick’’ Triske was from 
Fargo. He was born on January 3, 1949. He served in the Marine Corps’ India Company, 3rd Battalion, 7th Marines. Dick was 19 years old when he died on June 2, 1968. 
Dick had two brothers and two sis-
ters. His siblings remember that Dick was a fun-loving person who always en-
joyed making jokes. He loved boxing and fixing cars. 
Dick enlisted before graduating from 
high school. Three of his friends also died while serving in Vietnam, two of them before Dick and one after. 
GEORGE ‘‘GREG ’’ VALKER III  
George ‘‘Greg’’ Valker III was from 
Fargo and was born on October 24, 1946. He served in the Army’s 101st Airborne Division. Greg was 21 years old when he died on August 10, 1968. 
Greg had a younger brother, Bryan, 
and a younger sister, Vicki. Their par-ents ran a floral shop, and Greg was an important part of that flower business. While serving in Vietnam, he helped fellow soldiers send floral arrange-ments to their families on the holidays and made sure that moms were remem-bered on Mother’s Day. 
Greg’s plans after completing his 
service was to become a third-genera-tion florist in the family business. 
His family and friends remember 
Greg as being fun and full of love and kindness. Greg was his brother Bryan’s best friend and confidant, and his sister Vicki’s teacher and protector. 
In talking with the Bismarck High 
School students and my staff about her brother Greg, Vicki found that after all of these long years of mourning the loss of her big brother, this oppor-tunity to share what a wonderful per-son he was allowed her to find some closure on a painful loss. 
MURRAY VIDLER  
Murray Vidler was from Canada but 
enlisted in Fargo. He was born on May 6, 1946. He served in the Marine Corps’ Mike Company, 3rd Battalion, 5th Ma-rines. Murray died on December 19, 1967. He was 21 years old. 
One of Murray’s friends had served in 
Vietnam, which inspired Murray and another friend to enlist in the U.S. Ma-rine Corps. When he went home on leave, he told his siblings of the friend-ships he had made in the U.S. Armed Forces and how much he cared about the children of Vietnam. 
GORDON WENAAS  
Gordon Wenaas was from Mayville 
and was born on March 2, 1932. He served in the Air Force’s 314th Tactical Airlift Wing. Gordon was 35 years old when he went missing on December 29, 1967. While missing, he was promoted to lieutenant colonel. 
He was one of eight children. Gordon 
and all of his four brothers served our country in the military. 
Gordon has four children of his own: 
Kenny, Pam, Ronny, and Ricky. 
His remains were recovered in the 
1990s and identified in 2000. He is buried in Arlington National Cemetery. 
DAN NEUENSCHWANDER  
Dan Neuenschwander was from 
Fessenden and was born on October 3, 1945. He served in the Marine Corps’ India Company, 3rd Battalion, 5th Ma-rines. Dan died on May 15, 1968. He was only 22 years old. 
Dan was the youngest of four chil-
dren. His oldest sister, Nedra, said that the family babied him and that he was 
a tough, yet sensitive person. Nedra is proud of her brother and remembers that while he was studying at the Uni-versity of North Dakota, he had mono but fought to get a clean bill of health so he could enlist in the Marines. 
Shortly after Dan’s death, his family 
received a letter he wrote them de-scribing why he believed in the Viet-nam war. 
NORMAN WILLIAMS  
Norman Williams was born July 11, 
1947. He served in the Army’s 1st Cav-alry Division. Norman was 20 years old when he died on December 6, 1967. 
He was one of four children. Six of 
Norman’s uncles served in World War II. 
Norman’s brother Roger said that in 
high school Norman’s friends called him Will or Willy. His active high school career included playing football and participating in the FFA as a member of the crop judging team, a chapter officer, and a member of the parliamentary procedure team. 
Norman chose to enlist in the Army 
in 1966 to serve his country. 
All of these young men—as we think 
about their lives and their sacrifice, we can only imagine what they would have accomplished and what they would have done in our country. We are so grateful for their sacrifice, and it is so important that we remember this sacrifice during this period of remem-brance of the Vietnam war. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. COATS. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
WASTEFUL SPENDING  
Mr. COATS. Madam President, today 
I return to the floor of the Senate for my ninth installment of ‘‘Waste of the Week.’’ I think the Presiding Officer has been here for most of those nine in-stallments. 
My purpose has been straightforward: 
to highlight waste, fraud, and abuse in Federal spending. So far, we have reached a potential taxpayer savings of almost $50 billion. I have a chart here which shows the ever-increasing amount of red ink, representing waste of taxpayers’ dollars, caused by fraud and abuse and waste from programs that simply haven’t proven their effec-tiveness. We are on the way to $100 bil-lion. Today we are going to reach and go over the halfway mark. We are going to continue to do this, and, hope-fully, we will be extending this chart in the future, which now shows just some examples of what we have provided be-fore. 
The largest example of waste, fraud, 
and abuse disclosed was found in the refundable child care tax credit to the tune of $20 billion in potential savings. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MY6.005 S04MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2596 May 4, 2015 
These are from people who did not 
qualify—they were ineligible for re-ceipt—yet over a 10-year period of time, they will receive $20 billion which they are not entitled to. 
The smallest but by far the most in-
explicable—and even laughable and lu-dicrous—example of waste was a $387,000 grant for a study to determine whether massages on New Zealand rab-bits after strenuous exercise would help their recovery time. Now, anybody who has been out in the yard, fixing around the house doing strenuous ac-tivity, when asked if they think a mas-sage would help them recover, probably is going to say yes. In fact, the rabbits were getting it four times a day. While they couldn’t say yes, I think the re-sponse clearly was that this is a pretty good deal. Unfortunately, it costs the taxpayer $387,000 in grant money to prove that, yes, the massages helped after strenuous exercises. It is not ex-actly what the taxpayer had in mind. When they sent their tax dollars to Washington. When they paid their taxes on April 15 and filed their re-turn—that is not exactly what they were sending their money to Wash-ington to do. Is it laughable? Yes. Is it tragic? Yes. We are spending signifi-cant amounts of money and it is going to waste, fraud, and abuse. By the way, the rabbits were all euthanized after the results, so they enjoyed the mas-sages, but it didn’t last and they are no longer with us. 
Perhaps the most important example 
of waste was to protect Americans from identity theft and taxpayers from fraud. By correcting Social Security records, we could save at least $2 bil-lion. This is the famous Methuselah ex-ample. The Social Security Adminis-tration had not deleted the Social Se-curity numbers of those who had died. The number is staggering. It was 6.5 million, I believe—the number of peo-ple who would have exceeded the age of 112 years. In other words, they applied for Social Security back in the early 1930s or mid-1930s when the program began, but their numbers were never erased. They were then used for fraud. The savings, if we could correct that problem—and I have proposed legisla-tion to do so—would be $2 billion. 
This week, I wish to speak about the 
Department of Agriculture. Now, being from a State such as Indiana, agri-culture is obviously very important and I am a strong supporter of Hoosier farming. I fight for family farms as they seek to survive from generation to generation. I support cutting red-tape and Federal mandates that unnec-essarily burden Hoosier farmers. 
As a broader issue, I recognize that 
food production is extremely important not only for our own benefit but rises to the level of even being an issue of national security. But that is not what I am talking about today. 
Today, I wish to speak about tax-
payer dollars that are being used to fund grants not for farming but for marketing. Let me give some exam-ples. U.S. law currently on the books 
creates a grant program requiring that the ‘‘Secretary of Agriculture shall award competitive grants in developing a business plan for viable marketing opportunities.’’ Well, there is a real question as to whether this ought to be mandated through the Federal Govern-ment; that is, should the government select those who apply for grants to de-velop a marketing program. The prob-lem is that very few end up with the grants, but for those who do, it is a spe-cial deal for them. Winners and losers really shouldn’t be selected by the Fed-eral Government for a grant that doesn’t go directly to production but actually goes to marketing of agricul-tural goods. 
Let me give an example. One of the 
winners was a single farm that received a $44,700 grant to increase sales of its pumpkins and squash, including pump-kin doughnuts. I am not making this up. The grant was there to promote the marketing of pumpkin doughnuts— they probably taste pretty good—as a nutritious, locally produced food. 
The farmer down the road didn’t get 
his grant. Maybe he was growing corn. The farmer on the other side of the road was growing soybeans, another was growing wheat, another might be growing tomatoes, another might be growing different types of fruit, and so forth and so on, but the one who was growing pumpkins somehow qualified. The government said: Hey, that is a winner. Let’s put a marketing plan to-gether. Here is $44,700 to do so. 
That is one example. Through the U.S. Department of Ag-
riculture, taxpayers are funding things such as helping to process olives into olive oil. I think that is a practice that goes back a few thousand years—just ask the Italians. I don’t know that we needed a grant to do that. There is a grant for helping to develop and mar-ket sparkling wine and hard cider. We have been drinking wine since the be-ginning of time. I think the French know how to market sparkling wines. Maybe we can read how to do it rather than putting a grant together to pro-mote that. There are grants for the marketing of goat’s milk, cheese, and soaps and providing organic chicken meat for restaurants. Look, I am not against the agriculture community marketing its products. Every product maker markets their products. But do we need all this expenditure of tax-payer money to prove whether there can be a better marketing program for a select few? What about the many who don’t have any basis or ability to claim these grants? 
Over the past 10 years, grantees 
under this program have received over $290 million. It is a pretty sweet deal for the grant recipients, but it is a pretty expensive deal for the taxpayer. And what does this grant process say about the losers, those not selected? In essence, what we are doing is pro-moting a few select products. Why are we promoting pumpkin doughnuts over banana nut muffins? What about wa-
termelons and not cantaloupes, car-rots, turnips—and on and on we go. 
Well, the Federal Government is here 
to protect farmers and entrepreneurs so they can compete in a fair and de-pendable economic climate. But at the end of the day, these government-se-lected projects are not the best use of taxpayer money and are in stark con-trast to what the government ought to be doing. After all, when taxpayers send their hard-earned tax dollars to Washington, they rightly expect their leaders to steward those resources re-sponsibly. I would argue that taxpayer- funded pumpkin doughnuts are not a good use of taxpayer dollars. 
I support agriculture, but let’s actu-
ally support farming, not just pumping up the sales and profits of a select few. We can do better. 
Today, I am adding $290 million to 
our taxpayer savings gauge, which puts us over the halfway mark of $50 billion. That is a small amount compared to our budget. That is a small amount in terms of the money that comes flowing into Washington from taxpayers. But we have not been able to address the larger issue, the issue that has to be addressed and is continually pushed down the road, continually pushed back to the next election, and that is the unbelievable growth of entitlement programs that are squeezing out many essential and necessary things the gov-ernment needs to do, such as health care research. 
This morning, I was listening to a 
committee meeting with Francis Col-lins, who heads up NIH, who was talk-ing about the medical breakthroughs they could have if they just had some more funds and weren’t being seques-tered with less and less money each year. We need to always—but particu-larly in difficult fiscal times—direct taxpayers’ funding in the most respon-sible way we can. 
With that, I will add some more 
money to our gauge, and we will be back next week for ‘‘Waste of the Week’’ No. 10. 
Madam President, I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, in 
Congress we should be working on ways to build an economy that works for all of our families—not just the wealthiest few. Unfortunately, once again, instead of standing up for workers, some of my Republican colleagues are bound and determined to defend the biggest cor-porations that have an interest in keeping wages low and denying work-ers a voice to improve their workplace. 
President Obama vetoed this resolu-
tion. I urge my colleagues to sustain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MY6.007 S04MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2597 May 4, 2015 
that veto to ensure workers are able to 
exercise that right. The National Labor Relations Board, the NLRB, helps to ensure that workers have a fair up-or- down-vote. Unfortunately, too often big corporations take advantage of loopholes in the current election proc-ess to delay a vote on union represen-tation. 
The NLRB was absolutely right to 
carry out its mission to review and streamline its election process to bring down those barriers for workers who want a fair vote. These updates will make modest but important changes to modernize and streamline the process. They will reduce unnecessary litiga-tion on issues that will not affect the outcome of the election. The new proc-ess will bring the election process into the 21st century by letting employers and unions file forms electronically. Instead of attacking workers who just want a voice in the workplace, I hope my colleagues will support President Obama’s veto. 
I truly hope we can break through 
the gridlock and work together on poli-cies that do create jobs and expand eco-nomic security and generate broad- based economic growth for workers and families—not just the wealthiest few. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
OATS ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that at 5:20 p.m. the Senate proceed to executive session for the consideration of Calendar No. 76, Willie May to be an Under Sec-retary of Commerce, and that at 5:30 p.m. the Senate vote on the nomina-tion; further, that if the nomination is confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. THUNE. I suggest the absence of 
a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. EXECUTIVE SESSION 
NOMINATION OF WILLIE E. MAY 
TO BE UNDER SECRETARY OF COMMERCE FOR STANDARDS AND TECHNOLOGY 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nomination, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read the nomi-
nation of Willie E. May, of Maryland, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Standards and Technology. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of Willie E. May, of Mary-land, to be Under Secretary of Com-merce for Standards and Technology? 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask for 
the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ), the 
Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B OOZMAN ), 
the Senator from Texas (Mr. C RUZ), the 
Senator from Alaska (Ms. M URKOWSKI ), 
the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ), and the Senator from Lou-
isiana (Mr. V ITTER ). 
Further, if present and voting, the 
Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A LEX-
ANDER ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ) is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
LANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-
ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 93, 
nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 169 Ex.] 
YEAS—93 
Ayotte 
Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake 
Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Merkley Mikulski Moran Murphy Murray 
Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden NOT VOTING—7 
Alexander Boozman Cruz Menendez 
Murkowski Toomey Vitter 
The nomination was confirmed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume legislative session. 
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CHICAGO COMMUNITY TRUST 100TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
Mr. DURBIN. For 100 years, the Chi-
cago Community Trust has connected the generosity of Chicagoans with the needs of the community. 
In 1915, 6 years after Daniel Burnham 
unveiled his visionary plan for the city of Chicago, Norman Harris and his son Albert recognized how much could be achieved by combining the philan-thropy of business and community leaders who cared deeply about the fu-ture of Chicago. They founded The Chi-cago Community Trust. As brilliant as Burnham’s plan was, Norman and Al-bert Harris understood that it takes more than steel, glass, and concrete to make a great city. A great city needs healthy, hopeful people, good schools, culture, and arts—all things that the trust has helped nurture for 100 years. 
Whether its economic opportunity, 
education, housing, conservation, or health care—the list of important causes in which the Chicago Commu-nity Trust is involved is remarkable. Since its founding, the trust has grant-ed more than $2 billion to nonprofit or-ganizations working to improve the quality of life in the community. The trust has helped develop new audiences to sustain arts organizations, protected the human services safety net for those hardest hit by economic challenges, eased the devastating effects of fore-closures in Chicago neighborhoods, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MY6.009 S04MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2598 May 4, 2015 
elevated teaching to meet world-class 
standards. 
In the wake of the worst recession 
since the Great Depression, the trust stepped up and distributed $11.4 million in Unity Challenge grants to meet the needs of Chicago’s most vulnerable citizens. The grants supplied food to more than 800 soup kitchens and food pantries. The trust helped expand ca-pacity at homeless shelters and bought winter coats for children. The trust put money in community health centers and helped seniors pay for their pre-scription medications. The recession was hard on Chicago, but the business and community leaders at the Chicago Community Trust made sure that the community took care of its own. 
This month, the trust is launching 
its centennial campaign, starting with the return of ‘‘On the Table,’’ a forum that brings together thousands of Chi-cago residents to share a meal and talk about how they can work together to make the community stronger, safer, and more dynamic. Last year, nearly 12,000 people participated from every Chicago neighborhood and 11 neigh-boring counties. This year, the trust is expecting to at least double the num-ber of people participating. 
I congratulate the Chicago Commu-
nity Trust on 100 years strengthening the community. Thank you for all you have done and continue to do to make Chicago a great and caring community. 
f 
VOTER REGISTRATION 
MODERNIZATION ACT 
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I am 
proud to join Senator G ILLIBRAND in 
support of the introduction of the Voter Registration Modernization Act of 2015. This bill would improve the fab-ric of our democracy and bring our election procedures into the 21st cen-tury by eradicating barriers to voter registration and expanding access to the franchise for millions of voters who were previously unregistered to vote. I thank Senator G
ILLIBRAND for her lead-
ership on this issue. 
The right to vote is the bedrock of 
our democracy. In our representative form of government, the right to par-ticipate in the democratic process is fundamental to who we are and what we believe. That is, our belief in being a nation grounded in the idea of equal justice under law. Voting is a funda-mental right because it is preservative of all other rights. Without access to the ballot, our civil rights and free-doms of religion, speech, and press could be eroded and our faith that those rights will be fully protected lost. 
In 2012, our Nation witnessed cracks 
in the foundation of our democracy. Millions of people watched television coverage of our presidential election in disgust as voters stood in lines for hours, mainly due to problems with the paper-based voter registration system. No American in the 21st century should have to use paper ballots or stand in lines for hours in order to exercise 
their fundamental right to vote. The President’s bipartisan commission to improve the election process concluded that no voter should have to wait more than 30 minutes to vote. We should be making voting easier, not harder. We can begin that process by ensuring that States modernize their voter registra-tion process and give citizens the choice to register to vote online. 
When the National Voter Registra-
tion Act of 1993 was passed two decades ago, the revolution in data sharing and integration was just beginning. It is time to incorporate the commonplace experience of online transactions into the election process. By implementing online voter registration, the Voter Registration Modernization Act ad-dresses a key problem with paper-based systems—the inaccurate transfer of in-formation to election authorities. This bill would ensure that voters’ votes count and help election authorities who rely on accurate voter registration lists to better detect problems. 
Currently, 20 States have online 
voter registration systems. One of the greatest benefits we have seen so far is the saving of taxpayers’ money. Ari-zona, for example, which launched the Nation’s first online voter registration system, saved its taxpayers almost $1.4 million. Kansas noted no expenses at all. It is now time for the Federal Gov-ernment to follow their lead and adopt these common-sense, cost cutting re-forms. 
The Voter Registration Moderniza-
tion Act amends the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 to provide for online voter registration systems. It provides funding for States to imple-ment the bill and directs the National Institute of Standards and Technology to conduct an ongoing study on best practices for Internet registration. With passage of this bill, States are re-quired to adopt pro-technology meas-ures, including taking steps to ensure the online availability of voter reg-istration forms, provide online assist-ance, and allow voters to update reg-istration information online. 
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. said 
‘‘The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends towards justice.’’ But that arc does not bend towards justice with-out effort. We must put in the nec-essary hard work—and build the foun-dation and infrastructure—for justice to prevail. We can improve the health of our democracy by supporting this critical legislation, which would ex-pand the ballot and update our voting technology. I urge all Senators to sup-port the Voter Registration Moderniza-tion Act of 2015. 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate proceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 3:07 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill and joint resolution, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 2029. An act making appropriations 
for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
H.J. Res. 43. Joint resolution disapproving 
the action of the District of Columbia Coun-cil in approving the Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Amendment Act of 2014. 
The message also announced that the 
House has agreed to the report of the committee of conference on the dis-agreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the House of Rep-resentatives to the resolution (S. Con. Res. 11) setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bill and joint resolu-
tion were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and re-ferred as indicated: 
H.R. 2029. An act making appropriations 
for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ap-propriations. 
H.J. Res. 43. Joint resolution disapproving 
the action of the District of Columbia Coun-cil in approving the Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Amendment Act of 2014; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. INHOFE, from the Committee on 
Environment and Public Works, without amendment: 
S. 261. A bill to designate the United 
States courthouse located at 200 NW 4th Street in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, as the William J. Holloway, Jr. United States Courthouse. 
S. 612. A bill to designate the Federal 
building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’ . 
S. 1034. A bill to designate the United 
States courthouse located at 501 East Court Street in Jackson, Mississippi, as the ‘‘Charles Clark United States Courthouse’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MY6.013 S04MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2599 May 4, 2015 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. M CCONNELL (for himself and 
Mr. P AUL): 
S. 1179. A bill to exempt the aging process 
of distilled spirits from the production pe-riod for purposes of capitalization of interest costs; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. JOHNSON (for himself and Mrs. 
M
CCASKILL ): 
S. 1180. A bill to amend the Homeland Se-
curity Act of 2002 to direct the Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency to modernize the integrated public alert and warning system of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
By Mr. CASSIDY: 
S. 1181. A bill to expand the Advanced 
Technology Vehicle Manufacturing Program to include commercial trucks and United States flagged vessels, to return unspent funds and loan proceeds to the United States Treasury to reduce the national debt, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. BLUNT (for himself, Mr. S
CHU-
MER, Mr. S COTT, and Ms. M IKULSKI ): 
S. 1182. A bill to exempt application of JSA 
attribution rule in case of existing agree-ments; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and 
Mr. H
EINRICH ): 
S. 1183. A bill to increase the participation 
of women, girls, and underrepresented mi-norities in STEM fields, to encourage and support students from all economic back-grounds to pursue STEM career opportuni-ties, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and 
Mr. H
EINRICH ): 
S. 1184. A bill to establish a grant program 
to promote the development of career edu-cation programs in computer science in sec-ondary and postsecondary education; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and 
Mr. H
EINRICH ): 
S. 1185. A bill to better integrate STEM 
education into elementary and secondary in-struction and curricula, to encourage high- quality STEM professional development, and to expand current mathematics and science education research to include engineering education; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. 
H
OEVEN ): 
S. 1186. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for Move Amer-ica bonds and to allow such bonds to be con-verted into tax credits to support public-pri-vate partnerships; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, 
Mr. D URBIN , and Mr. K IRK): 
S. 1187. A bill to improve management of 
the National Laboratories, enhance tech-nology commercialization, facilitate public- private partnerships, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mrs. 
BOXER , and Ms. M URKOWSKI ): 
S. Res. 166. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the Senate that domestically grown flowers support the farmers, small busi-nesses, jobs, and economy of the United States, enhance the ability of the people of the United States to honor their mothers on Mother’s Day, and that the White House should strive to showcase domestically grown flowers; considered and agreed to. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and 
Mrs. B
OXER ): 
S. Con. Res. 15. A concurrent resolution 
commemorating the 100th Anniversary of the 1915 Panama-California Exposition and the establishment of Balboa Park in San Diego, California; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 125 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , her 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 125, a bill to amend title I of the Omni-bus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to extend the authorization of the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program through fiscal year 2020, and for other purposes. 
At the request of Mr. L
EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 125, supra. 
S. 141 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 141, a bill to repeal the provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act providing for the Independent Payment Advisory Board. 
S. 142 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 142, a bill to require the Consumer Product Safety Commission to promulgate a rule to require child safety packaging for liquid nicotine containers, and for other purposes. 
S. 235 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
names of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) and the Senator from Con-
necticut (Mr. M URPHY ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 235, a bill to provide for wildfire suppression operations, and for other purposes. 
S. 258 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 258, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to remove the 96-hour physician certification re-quirement for inpatient critical access hospital services. 
S. 377 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 377, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to increase access to ambulance services under the Medicare program and to reform pay-ments for such services under such pro-gram, and for other purposes. 
S. 431 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 431, a bill to permanently extend the Internet Tax Freedom Act. 
S. 434 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 434, a bill to strengthen the account-ability of individuals involved in mis-conduct affecting the integrity of background investigations, to update guidelines for security clearances, to prevent conflicts of interest relating to contractors providing background in-vestigation fieldwork services and in-vestigative support services, and for other purposes. 
S. 439 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 439, a bill to end discrimi-nation based on actual or perceived sexual orientation or gender identity in public schools, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 471 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) and the Senator 
from California (Mrs. B OXER ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 471, a bill to improve the provision of health care for women veterans by the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 488 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
488, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to allow physician assistants, nurse practitioners, and clinical nurse specialists to supervise cardiac, intensive cardiac, and pul-monary rehabilitation programs. 
S. 578 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 578, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 599 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 599, a bill to extend and expand the Medicaid emergency psychiatric demonstration project. 
S. 621 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MY6.010 S04MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2600 May 4, 2015 
S. 621, a bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to en-sure the safety and effectiveness of medically important antimicrobials approved for use in the prevention and control of animal diseases, in order to minimize the development of anti-biotic-resistant bacteria. 
S. 624 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 624, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive coinsurance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screening tests, re-gardless of whether therapeutic inter-vention is required during the screen-ing. 
S. 689 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) and the Senator 
from South Dakota (Mr. R OUNDS ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 689, a bill to provide protections for certain sports medicine professionals who provide certain medical services in a secondary State. 
S. 711 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 711, a bill to amend section 520J of the Public Service Health Act to authorize grants for mental health first aid training programs. 
S. 746 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
746, a bill to provide for the establish-ment of a Commission to Accelerate the End of Breast Cancer. 
At the request of Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , 
the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 746, supra. 
S. 780 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 780, a bill to permit the tele-vising of Supreme Court proceedings. 
S. 799 
At the request of Mr. M CCONNELL , 
the names of the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. A
YOTTE ), the Senator 
from Ohio (Mr. P ORTMAN ), the Senator 
from Georgia (Mr. I SAKSON ), the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin (Ms. B ALDWIN ) and 
the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 799, a bill to combat the rise of prenatal opioid abuse and neonatal ab-stinence syndrome. 
S. 843 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 843, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to count a pe-riod of receipt of outpatient observa-tion services in a hospital toward satis-fying the 3-day inpatient hospital re-quirement for coverage of skilled nurs-ing facility services under Medicare. S. 862 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 862, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide more effective remedies to vic-tims of discrimination in the payment of wages on the basis of sex, and for other purposes. 
S. 876 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the 
names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) and the Senator from 
Georgia (Mr. P ERDUE ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 876, a bill to amend the Commodity Exchange Act to specify how clearing requirements apply to certain affiliate transactions. 
S. 962 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name 
of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
962, a bill to extend the same Federal benefits to law enforcement officers serving private institutions of higher education and rail carriers that apply to law enforcement officers serving units of State and local government. 
S. 993 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 993, a bill to increase public safety by facilitating collaboration among the criminal justice, juvenile justice, veterans treatment services, mental health treatment, and substance abuse systems. 
S. 1002 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the names 
of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R ISCH) 
and the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) were added as cosponsors of S. 
1002, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for colle-giate housing and infrastructure grants. 
S. 1049 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1049, a bill to allow the financing by United States persons of sales of agri-cultural commodities to Cuba. 
S. 1073 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1073, a bill to amend the Improper Payments Elimination and Recovery Improvement Act of 2012, in-cluding making changes to the Do Not Pay initiative, for improved detection, prevention, and recovery of improper payments to deceased individuals, and for other purposes. 
S. 1131 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1131, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to re-duce the incidence of diabetes among Medicare beneficiaries, and for other purposes. S. 1170 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1170, a bill to amend title 39, United States Code, to extend the authority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. M CCONNELL (for himself 
and Mr. P AUL): 
S. 1179. A bill to exempt the aging 
process of distilled spirits from the pro-duction period for purposes of capital-ization of interest costs; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, this 
past Saturday, May 2, saw the running of the 141st Kentucky Derby, the most exciting 2 minutes in sports. Derby day is a cause for celebration across the State and derby celebrations often fea-ture Kentucky’s native spirit of bour-bon. Bourbon is a key ingredient in the legendary Mint Julep, the official drink of the derby. Fittingly, today marks the 51st anniversary of the original congressional bourbon resolu-tion that designated bourbon as a dis-tinctive product of America. 
Kentucky is the birthplace of bour-
bon. The drink is named for Bourbon County, KY, where the product first emerged, and today Kentucky produces 95 percent of the world’s supply. The bourbon industry generates 15,400 jobs with an annual payroll of $707 million statewide. It is a $3 billion industry in Kentucky and a vital part of the State’s tourism and economy. Simply put, the bourbon industry is a signa-ture industry for the Commonwealth of Kentucky. 
That is why the legislation I intro-
duce today is so important. I rise to in-troduce the Advancing Growth in the Economy through Distilled Spirits Act, or the AGED Spirits Act. Cosponsored by my friend Senator R
AND PAUL, it 
will correct a provision in the tax code to ensure that Kentucky’s bourbon pro-ducers are no longer at a disadvantage with their global competitors. 
Under current law, unlike most other 
spirits, bourbon, and whiskey pro-ducers in America must capitalize the interest expense incurred to finance in-ventories, and it is not deductible until the product is sold, which could be as long as 23 years after a lengthy aging process. 
In the United Kingdom, however, all 
spirit producers are permitted to de-duct interest expense the year it is cap-italized. This discrepancy is harmful to American makers of distilled spirits as it contributes to increased costs that directly create a competitive disadvan-tage for American products in the glob-al marketplace. 
My bill would fix this discrepancy by 
permitting American bourbon and whiskey producers to deduct interest 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MY6.012 S04MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2601 May 4, 2015 
expense associated with production in 
the year it is paid by exempting the natural aging process in the determina-tion of the production period for dis-tilled spirits. This legislation will not only put Kentucky’s bourbon industry on a level playing field with its global competitors, it is also a pro-growth measure that will help provide a boost to our economy and help create jobs in Kentucky. 
Making this change in law is a mat-
ter of common sense. The situation under current law, where American 
bourbon and whiskey producers are not allowed to deduct the expenses related to storing and aging their product until it is bottled and sold, is akin to a homeowner not being able to deduct the interest on a home mortgage until the sale of the house. 
Over the last several years, high-end 
premium American bourbons and whis-keys have enjoyed significant growth in volume both here in the U.S. and in international markets. Bourbon pro-duction has increased more than 150 percent since 1999. Given equitable tax treatment, American bourbon and whiskey products, as well as related jobs, could grow even more. Finally, this problem reveals just one of the many flaws in our Nation’s broken tax code, which ultimately needs to be comprehensively reformed to promote even greater job creation and economic growth in our country. 
So I hope my colleagues will join me 
in advancing growth in Kentucky’s and America’s economy by leveling the tax playing field for America’s distilled spirits. Fifty-one years after its official recognition, bourbon is responsibly en-joyed by adults all over the world, and not just on Derby Day. The industry has grown and thrived, and I am sure it will continue to do so. I want to thank and congratulate all the hard-working Kentuckians who have contributed to building our State’s vibrant bourbon industry. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
AGED Spirits Act, and I look forward to its swift passage. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1179 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Advancing 
Growth in the Economy through Distilled Spirits Act’’ or the ‘‘AGED Spirits Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PRODUCTION PERIOD OF DISTILLED 
SPIRITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 263A(f) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-
graph (5), and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(4) E XEMPTION FOR AGING PROCESS OF DIS -
TILLED SPIRITS .—For purposes of this sub-
section, the production period shall not in-clude the aging period for distilled spirits (as described in section 5002(a)(8)).’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to the pro-duction of distilled spirits that begins on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and 
Mr. H OEVEN ): 
S. 1186. A bill to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for Move America bonds and to allow such bonds to be converted into tax credits to support public-private partnerships; to the Committee on Finance. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, modern 
transportation infrastructure is a crit-ical building block to ensure that the U.S. economy is in a position for long term growth and prosperity. It creates jobs, draws investment and supports overall global competitiveness. With the deadline for the Highway Trust Fund reauthorization looming just a month away, we are faced with the re-ality that our crumbling transpor-tation systems simply are not up to the job. 
Our aging infrastructure impacts ev-
eryone. Every day, Americans leave their homes to commute to work or school only to be faced with more than just snarled traffic, but roads in dire need of repair. More than one-fifth of U.S. roads are in poor condition, with nearly one-half trillion dollars in need-ed repairs across the country over the next decade. 
U.S. ports, a critical economic door-
way, are struggling under the weight of increased cargo traffic, leading to con-gestion and slowing exports. They now require nearly $30 billion in landside investment alone to keep up with the general demands they are under. Our national infrastructure is in a clear state of decline, demanding $3.6 trillion in total investment by 2020, according to the American Society of Civil Engi-neers. 
For one of the largest economies in 
the world known for its strength and leadership, we are falling behind other 
countries. Our infrastructure spending has continued to decline since 1960. It is now at less than two percent of GDP annually. That falls behind China’s nine percent and Europe’s five. Mean-while, our population continues to grow, placing new demands on our aging transportation system. 
How do we get back on track and 
safeguard the health of our transpor-tation infrastructure? The first step is for Congress to ensure the solvency of the trust funds for highways, transit, airports, ports, and waterways. Critical infrastructure projects demand long term planning and certainty, not a continual cycle of start-stop efforts. We must aim for a long-term, bipar-tisan solution so that every year states don’t have to put projects on hold for fear of running out of funds. Second, its time Congress looked be-
yond Washington and bring the private sector to the table to spur new financ-ing partnerships that support our in-frastructure needs. 
There is an untapped opportunity 
here: Standard and Poor’s estimates that private investors could provide more than $100 billion in infrastructure investment each year. Public-private partnerships, P3s, are unique in that they offer upfront capital financing, along with the transfer of risk to the private partner, allowing for more effi-cient project design, construction and maintenance. P3s have been successful in the U.S., as well as other countries around the world. 
Recognizing this pressing need and 
opportunity, today Senator H
OEVEN  
and I are introducing the Move Amer-ica program. Move America is designed to strengthen our transportation sys-tem by making it easier for the states to put together P3s and draw private investment. This unique, bipartisan driven proposal complements federal funding efforts, by creating cheaper and more effective financing tools to expand investment in roads, bridges, transit, ports, rail, and airports. 
Move America expands tax exempt 
private activity bonds and creates a new infrastructure tax credit, giving 
stakeholders significant flexibility to pursue infrastructure projects that are badly needed in states and localities. And these tools are available for use regardless of who owns the project— government or private groups—making financing, management, and leasing ar-rangements much simpler. The bonds also exempt the interest income from the alternative minimum tax, making it an attractive proposal to investors. 
For states that are hesitant to issue 
more debt, or that are looking to lever-age more private equity, Move America credits would be available for the state to attract equity investors for infra-structure projects. The credits are available to the extent there is at least twice as much private investment in the project. This one-to-one match leverages additional equity investment at a lower cost to states and cities, lowering their capital costs or allowing them to reduce tolls or other revenues required for the project. 
Critical transportation projects come 
to life in less time and at less cost to taxpayers. Americans can travel on safer footing. The private sector finds a new investment opportunity. 
Strengthening our country’s trans-
portation infrastructure shouldn’t be a political issue. It is time we come to-gether and create a path to move America forward and build the 21st century infrastructure that our coun-try deserves. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 May 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MY6.002 S04MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2602 May 4, 2015 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 166—EX-
PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT DOMESTICALLY GROWN FLOWERS SUPPORT THE FARMERS, SMALL BUSINESSES, JOBS, AND ECONOMY OF THE UNITED STATES, ENHANCE THE ABILITY OF THE PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES TO HONOR THEIR MOTHERS ON MOTHER’S DAY, AND THAT THE WHITE HOUSE SHOULD STRIVE TO SHOWCASE DOMESTICALLY GROWN FLOWERS 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mrs. 
B
OXER , and Ms. M URKOWSKI ) submitted 
the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 166 
Whereas the people of the United States 
have a long history of using flowers and greens grown in the United States to bring beauty to important events and express af-fection for loved ones; 
Whereas consumers spend more than 
$25,000,000,000 each year on floral products, including garden plants, bedding, indoor plants, and cut flowers; 
Whereas 30 percent of households in the 
United States purchase fresh cut flowers and greens from more than 16,000 florists and flo-ral establishments each year; 
Whereas the people of the United States in-
creasingly want to support domestically pro-duced foods and agricultural products, yet 74 percent of the people of the United States do not know where the flowers they purchase are grown, and 58 percent would prefer to buy locally grown flowers given the choice; 
Whereas in response to increased demand, 
the ‘‘Certified American Grown Flowers’’ logo was created in July 2014, in order to educate and empower consumers to purchase flowers from domestic producers; 
Whereas as of April 2015, millions of stems 
of domestically grown flowers are now Cer-tified American Grown; 
Whereas domestic flower farmers produce 
thousands of varieties of flowers across the United States, such as peonies in Alaska, Gerbera daisies in California, lupines in Maine, tulips in Washington, lilies in Or-egon, and larkspur in Texas; 
Whereas the 5 flower varieties with the 
highest United States production are tulips, Gerbera daisies, lilies, irises, and gladiolas; 
Whereas people in every State have access 
to domestically grown flowers, yet only 1 of 5 flowers sold in the United States is domes-tically grown; 
Whereas the domestic cut flower industry 
creates almost $42,000,000 in economic impact daily and supports hundreds of growers, thousands of small businesses, and tens of thousands of jobs in the United States; 
Whereas more people in the United States 
are expressing interest in growing flowers lo-cally, which has resulted in an approxi-mately 20 percent increase in the number of domestic cut flower farms since 2007; 
Whereas most domestic cut flowers and 
greens are sold in the United States within 24 to 48 hours after harvest and last longer than flowers shipped longer distances; 
Whereas in 2014, President Barack Obama 
and First Lady Michelle Obama highlighted their support for domestically grown flowers at the White House State Dinner with French President Franc ¸ois Hollande, the 
only White House State Dinner that year; 
Whereas the 2014 White House State Dinner 
featured quince branch from Mississippi, weeping willow from New Jersey, Scotch 
broom from Virginia, iris from California, and alocasia, equisetum, nandina, and green liriope from Florida; 
Whereas flower-giving has been a holiday 
tradition in the United States for genera-tions; 
Whereas Mother’s Day and Valentine’s Day 
are 2 of the 3 top flower-giving holidays in the United States; 
Whereas 38 percent of the people in the 
United States, spending more than $2,000,000,000, buy flowers on Valentine’s Day; and 
Whereas flowers are even more popular on 
Mother’s Day than on Valentine’s Day, and in 2014, 
2⁄3of people in the United States cele-
brating Mother’s Day purchased flowers, spending more than $2,300,000,000: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate 
that— 
(1) purchasing flowers grown in the United 
States supports the farmers, small busi-nesses, jobs, and economy of the United States; 
(2) flowers and greens grown in the United 
States are a vital and integral part of the ag-ricultural industry of the United States; 
(3) flowers grown in the United States en-
hance the ability of Americans to honor their mothers on Mother’s Day; and 
(4) the White House should strive to show-
case flowers and greens grown in the United States to show support for the flower breed-ers, farmers, processors, and distributors of the United States. 
f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-
TION 15—COMMEMORATING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 1915 PANAMA-CALIFORNIA EXPO-SITION AND THE ESTABLISH-MENT OF BALBOA PARK IN SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and 
Mrs. B
OXER ) submitted the following 
concurrent resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: 
S. C ON. RES. 15 
Whereas in 1868, San Diego civic leaders set 
aside 1,400 acres of land, which became known as City Park; 
Whereas in 1910, in preparation for the 
Panama-California Exposition hosted by San Diego, that park was named ‘‘Balboa Park’’ in honor of Spanish-born Vasco Nun ˜ez de 
Balboa, the first European to see the Pacific Ocean while exploring in present-day Pan-ama; 
Whereas the 1915–1916 Panama-California 
Exposition commemorated the opening of the Panama Canal and was the first of two expositions that added to Balboa Park’s dra-matic architecture; 
Whereas in 1914, John D. and Adolph 
Spreckels donated the Spreckels Organ, one of the world’s largest outdoor pipe organs, to the City of San Diego for the Panama-Cali-fornia Exposition, and this unique organ con-tains 4,530 pipes ranging in length from the size of a pencil to 32 feet and is housed in an ornate vaulted structure with highly embel-lished gables; 
Whereas the San Diego Zoo was established 
in Balboa Park at the close of the Exposition in the fall of 1916, when Dr. Harry Wegeforth, a local physician, conceived the idea of starting a zoo after hearing the roar of a lion, one of the few wild animals displayed in cages at the Exposition, and the Balboa Zoo is now home to more than 3,700 rare and en-dangered animals representing over 660 spe-cies and subspecies and a prominent botan-
ical collection with more than 700,000 plants– a world famous conservation organization where visitors view exotic animals in habitat environments; 
Whereas in 1926, the Fine Arts Gallery of 
San Diego, now The San Diego Museum of Art, opened to the public, and its renowned holdings include a fine selection of European old masters, 19th and 20th-century American art, an encyclopedic Asian collection, and growing collections of contemporary and Latin American art; 
Whereas in 1933, the San Diego Natural 
History Museum opened within the park and is housed in a building created with Works Project Administration assistance; 
Whereas in 1935-1936, Balboa Park hosted 
its second major exposition, the California Pacific International Exposition, which helped boost the local economy during the depression and added additional structures and landscaping, many of which now host cultural institutions and events; 
Whereas the internationally acclaimed, 
Tony Award-winning Old Globe, one of the most esteemed regional theaters in the coun-try, was founded within Balboa Park in 1935, and now boasts three unique venues: the his-toric Old Globe Theatre (built for the 1935 ex-position and expanded and rebuilt in 1978), the intimate Sheryl and Harvey White The-atre, and the outdoor Lowell Davies Festival Theatre; 
Whereas Balboa Park helped support mili-
tary efforts in World War I and World War II, when most of the buildings on the Central Mesa became adjuncts to the adjacent Naval hospital, the House of Hospitality became a nurses’ dormitory, the Lily Pond became a rehabilitation pool, and 400 hospital beds were placed in the San Diego Fine Arts Gal-lery; 
Whereas on December 25, 1946, the Cali-
fornia Tower carillon was installed; whose chimes are still heard across the park on every quarter hour; 
Whereas in 1978, two devastating fires 
struck Balboa Park, resulting in the destruc-tion of the Electric Building, including the San Diego Aerospace Museum collection, and the 1935 Old Globe Theatre, both of which were rebuilt with private donations; 
Whereas in the 1980’s, the San Diego Model 
Railroad Museum, the Museum of Photo-graphic Arts, the San Diego Automotive Mu-seum and the Veterans Museum and Memo-rial Center all opened within Balboa Park; 
Whereas in the 1990’s, the beautiful Japa-
nese Friendship Garden, the Mingei Inter-national Museum, the San Diego Art Insti-tute: Museum of the Living Artist, the WorldBeat Center, and the Hall of Cham-pions Sports Museum opened; 
Whereas Balboa Park has grown to become 
the one of the nation’s largest urban cultural parks, encompassing more than 1,172 acres, including 14 formal gardens, and the park is home to 15 major museums, nearly 100 arts, education, recreational, social and sports or-ganizations, renowned performing arts venues, as well as the world famous San Diego Zoo; 
Whereas Balboa Park celebrates history, 
art, music, science, and culture and has been a city treasure for one century; and 
Whereas the 2015 centennial anniversary of 
the Panama-California Exposition and the establishment of Balboa Park is an achieve-ment of historic proportions for the City of San Diego, the State of California, and the United States: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-
resentatives concurring), That Congress com-
memorates the 100th anniversary of the Pan-ama-California Exposition and the founding of Balboa Park in San Diego, California on May 9, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MY6.015 S04MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2603 May 4, 2015 
FOREIGN TRAVEL FINANCIAL REPORTS 
In accordance with the appropriate provisions of law, the Secretary of the Senate herewith submits the following re-
ports for standing committees of the Senate, certain joint committees of the Congress, delegations and groups, and select and special committees of the Senate, relating to expenses incurred in the performance of authorized foreign travel: 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, NUTRITION AND FORESTRY FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2015 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Senator Debbie Stabenow: 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 822.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 822.00 
Christopher Adamo: 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 822.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 822.00 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 1,644.00 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 1,644.00 
SENATOR PAT ROBERTS,
Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, Apr. 24, 2015. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2015 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Senator Patrick Leahy: 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 822.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 822.00 
Tim Rieser: 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 822.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 822.00 
Kevin McDonald: 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 822.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 822.00 
Senator Richard Durbin: 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 305.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 305.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 3.00 .................... 1,543.60 .................... 1.25 ............ ........ 1,547.85 
Chris Homan: 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 305.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 305.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 151.44 .................... 873.10 .................... ................. ... .................... 1,024.54 
Paul Grove: 
Liberia ....................................................................................................... Dollar ........... ......................................... .................... 780.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 780.00 
Sierra Leone .............................................................................................. Leone ................ .................................... .................... 488.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 488.00 
Brussels .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 499.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 499.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,336.40 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,336.40 
Laura Friedel: 
Liberia ....................................................................................................... Dollar ........... ......................................... .................... 780.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 780.00 
Sierra Leone .............................................................................................. Leone ................ .................................... .................... 488.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 488.00 
Brussels .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 499.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 499.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,997.40 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,997.40 
Adam Yezerski: 
Liberia ....................................................................................................... Dollar ........... ......................................... .................... 780.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 780.00 
Sierra Leone .............................................................................................. Leone ................ .................................... .................... 488.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 488.00 
Brussels .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 499.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 499.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,336.40 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,336.40 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 4,728.00 .................... 4,728.00 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Liberia ....................................................................................................... Dollar ........... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... 800.00 ................... . 94.92 .................... 894.92 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Sierra Leone .............................................................................................. Leone ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,800.00 .................... 1, 170.00 .................... 3,970.00 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Brussels .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 762.33 .................... 762.33 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 8,531.44 .................... 30,686.90 .................... 6,756. 50 .................... 45,974.84 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 
1977. 
SENATOR THAD COCHRAN,
Chairman, Committee on Appropriations,
Apr. 20, 2015. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2015. 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Senator Lindsey Graham: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 19,675.00 .................... . ................... .................... 19,675.00 
United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 33.77 .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... 33.77 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 57.23 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 57.23 
Delegation Expenses:* 
United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 926.37 .................... 926.37 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 3,565.76 .................... 3,565.76 
Senator John McCain: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 16,336.52 .................... . ................... .................... 16,336.52 
Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 334.09 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 334.09 
Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 253.45 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 253.45 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 511.97 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 511.97 
Elizabeth O’Bagy: 
Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 333.42 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 333.42 
Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 337.57 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 337.57 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 547.31 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 547.31 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 May 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A04MY6.004 S04MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2604 May 4, 2015 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2015.—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Senator Lindsey Graham: 
Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 38.27 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 38.27 
Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 27.28 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 27.28 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 31.82 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 31.82 
Matthew Rimkunas: 
Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 127.97 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 127.97 
Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 27.64 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 27.64 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 81.64 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 81.64 
Senator Tim Kaine: 
Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 336.09 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 336.09 
Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 253.45 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 253.45 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 511.97 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 511.97 
Senator Joe Donnelly: 
Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 333.42 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 333.42 
Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 261.69 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 261.69 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 701.97 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 701.97 
Senator Angus King: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 70.33 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 70.33 
Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 27.64 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 27.64 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 81.64 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 81.64 
Delegation Expenses:* 
Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 3,099.06 .................... 3,099.06 
Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 2,405.37 .................... 2,405.37 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 12,913.84 .................... 12,913.84 
Senator John McCain: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 805.30 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 805.30 
Christian Brose: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 775.71 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 775.71 
Elizabeth O’Bagy: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 765.03 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 765.03 
Senator Kelly Ayotte: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 667.49 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 667.49 
Senator Joni Ernst: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 93.25 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 93.25 
Senator Lindsey Graham: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 147.07 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 147.07 
Senator Jeanne Shaheen: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 862.87 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 862.87 
Senator Ted Cruz: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 671.34 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 671.34 
Delegation Expenses: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,565.40 .................... 12,594.16 .................... 18.159.56 
Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 304.21 .................... .................... .................... 304.21 
Ozge Guzelsu: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 19,237.73 .................... . ................... .................... 19,237.73 
Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... 1,088.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 1,088.00 
India .......................................................................................................... Rupee ........... ........................................ .................... 300.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 300.00 
Delegation Expenses:* 
India .......................................................................................................... Rupee ........... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 865.52 .................... 865.52 
Kathryn Wheelbarger: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,046.00 .................... . ................... .................... 13,046.00 
Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 374.40 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 374.40 
Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 944.24 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 944.24 
Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 333.42 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 333.42 
Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 527.93 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 527.93 
Thomas Goffus: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,046.00 .................... . ................... .................... 13,046.00 
Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 374.70 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 374.70 
Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 554.58 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 554.58 
Adam Barker: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,046.00 .................... . ................... .................... 13,046.00 
Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 374.40 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 374.40 
Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 951.16 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 951.16 
Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 333.43 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 333.43 
Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 531.90 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 531.90 
Michael Noblet: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,046.00 .................... . ................... .................... 13,046.00 
Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 353.70 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 353.70 
Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 906.60 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 906.60 
Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 340.42 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 340.42 
Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 484.90 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 484.90 
Michael Kuiken: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,046.00 .................... . ................... .................... 13,046.00 
Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 374.40 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 374.40 
Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 925.16 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 925.16 
Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 524.46 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 524.46 
Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 333.42 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 333.42 
Delegation Expenses:* 
Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 61.32 .................... 61.32 
Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 827.84 .................... 827.84 
Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 752.81 .................... 752.81 
Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 314.50 .................... 314.50 
Senator Tim Kaine: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,486.82 .................... .. .................. .................... 5,486.82 
Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 702.13 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 702.13 
Honduras ................................................................................................... Lempira ............. ................................... .................... 362.29 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 362.29 
Colombia ................................................................................................... Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 845.07 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 845.07 
Mary Naylor: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,206.00 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,206.00 
Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 726.35 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 726.35 
Honduras ................................................................................................... Lempira ............. ................................... .................... 362.29 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 362.29 
Colombia ................................................................................................... Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 843.60 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 843.60 
Amy Dudley: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,626.32 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,626.32 
Honduras ................................................................................................... Lempira ............. ................................... .................... 397.34 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 397.34 
Delegation Expenses:* 
Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 2,290.60 .................... 2,290.60 
Honduras ................................................................................................... Lempira ............. ................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 12,380.50 .................... 12,380.50 
Colombia ................................................................................................... Peso ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 2,511.33 .................... 2,511.33 
Senator Jack Reed: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,363.20 .................... . ................... .................... 12,363.20 
Elizabeth King: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,363.20 .................... . ................... .................... 12,363.20 
William Monahan: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,363.20 .................... . ................... .................... 12,363.20 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A04MY6.004 S04MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2605 May 4, 2015 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2015.—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Delegation Expenses:* 
Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 636.00 .................... 636.00 
Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... .................... .................... 62,675.00 ............... ..... 183.00 .................... 62,858.00 
Senator Jeff Sessions: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,330.40 .................... . ................... .................... 11,330.40 
Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 890.31 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 890.31 
Sandra Luff: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,330.40 .................... . ................... .................... 11,330.40 
Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 1,133.16 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,133.16 
Delegation Expenses:* 
Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 587.00 .................... 587.00 
Total ................................................................................................. ......................... ...................................... .................... 27,313.45 .................... 261,093.40 .................... 56,914.9 8 .................... 345,321.83 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 
1977. 
SENATOR JOHN McCAIN,
Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Apr. 24, 2015. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL RESOURCES FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2015 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
David Gillers: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 15,524.70 .................... . ................... .................... 15,524.70 
Qatar ......................................................................................................... Qatari Riyal ..... ..................................... .................... 1,377.10 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 1,377.10 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 1,377.10 .................... 15,524.70 .................... ...... .............. .................... 16,901.80 
SENATOR LISA MURKOWSKI,
Chairman, Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, Apr. 21, 2015. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FINANCE FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2015 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Christopher Campbell: 
Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 944.98 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 944.98 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,953.90 .................... . ................... .................... 10,953.90 
Delegation Expenses:* 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 267.47 .................... 267.47 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 944.98 .................... 10,953.90 .................... 267.47 . ................... 12,166.35 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 
1977. 
SENATOR ORRIN HATCH,
Chairman, Committee on Finance, Apr. 20, 2015. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2015 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Senator John Barrasso: 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 701.97 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 701.97 
Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 225.81 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 225.81 
Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 333.42 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 333.42 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 1,844.83 .................... 1,844.83 
Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 343.62 .................... 343.62 
Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 442.72 .................... 442.72 
Senator Bob Corker: 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 853.42 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 853.42 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,013.40 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,013.40 
Michael Gallagher: 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 902.78 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 902.78 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,126.30 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,126.30 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 3,689.66 .................... 3,689.66 
Senator Bob Corker: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 702.36 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 702.36 
Senator Christopher Murphy: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 822.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 822.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,676.80 .................... .. .................. .................... 5,676.80 
Jessica Elledge: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 822.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 822.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,063.80 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,063.80 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 6,526.09 .................... 6,526.09 
Senator Bob Corker: 
Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Riyal ............. ........................................ .................... 590.61 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 590.61 
Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 93.33 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 93.33 
Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 559.99 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 559.99 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A04MY6.004 S04MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2606 May 4, 2015 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2015—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 17,250.60 .................... . ................... .................... 17,250.60 
Todd Womack: 
Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 590.61 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 590.61 
Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 93.33 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 93.33 
Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 664.87 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 664.87 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 17,250.60 .................... . ................... .................... 17,250.60 
Michael Gallagher: 
Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 385.34 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 385.34 
Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 115.79 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 115.79 
Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 589.66 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 589.66 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,262.30 .................... . ................... .................... 13,262.30 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 381.09 .................... 381.09 
Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 3,450.00 .................... 3,450.00 
Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 400.06 .................... 400.06 
Senator Christopher Murphy: 
Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 839.58 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 839.58 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 15,166.90 .................... . ................... .................... 15,166.90 
Jessica Elledge: 
Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 1,666.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,666.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,923.20 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,923.20 
Chris Socha: 
Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 913.25 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 913.25 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,445.20 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,445.20 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 587.50 .................... 587.50 
Leah Cato: 
Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 726.35 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 726.35 
Honduras ................................................................................................... Lempira ............. ................................... .................... 693.29 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 693.29 
Colombia ................................................................................................... Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 501.12 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 501.12 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,486.82 .................... .. .................. .................... 5,486.82 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 377.33 .................... 377.33 
Honduras ................................................................................................... Lempira ............. ................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 1,084.83 .................... 1,084.83 
Colombia ................................................................................................... Peso ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 570.66 .................... 570.66 
Jodi Herman: 
Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... 1,009.47 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,009.47 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,632.90 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,632.90 
Dana Stroul: 
Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... 1,164.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,164.00 
Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Koruna .................. ................................ .................... 507.60 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 507.60 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,790.00 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,790.00 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 175.00 .................... 175.00 
Chris Socha: 
Moldova ..................................................................................................... Leu ................ ........................................ .................... 402.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 402.00 
Hungary ..................................................................................................... Forint ............. ....................................... .................... 496.93 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 496.93 
Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... 486.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 486.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,449.00 .................... .. .................. .................... 5,449.00 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Hungary ..................................................................................................... Forint ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 30.00 .................... 30.00 
Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 152.00 .................... 152.00 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 18,452.88 .................... 111,537.82 .................... 20,0 55.39 .................... 150,046.09 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 
1977. 
SENATOR BOB CORKER,
Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, Apr. 24, 2015. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC . 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY & GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 31, 2014 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Senator Thomas R. Carper: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,229.39 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,229.39 
Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 724.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 724.00 
Honduras ................................................................................................... Lempira ............. ................................... .................... 342.00 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 342.00 
Blas Nunez-Neto: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,529.39 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,529.39 
Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 724.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 724.00 
Honduras ................................................................................................... Lempira ............. ................................... .................... 226.00 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 226.00 
Holly Idelson: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,514.39 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,514.39 
Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 577.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 577.00 
Honduras ................................................................................................... Lempira ............. ................................... .................... 223.48 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 223.48 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 492.00 .................... 492.00 
Honduras ................................................................................................... Lempira ............. ................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 1,112.00 .................... 1,112.00 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 2,816,48 .................... 5,273.17 .................... 1,604.0 0 .................... 9,693.65 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 
1977. 
SENATOR RON JOHNSON,
Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security & Governmental Affairs,
Mar. 4, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A04MY6.004 S04MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2607 May 4, 2015 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2015 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Senator Cory A. Booker: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 620.00 .................... .................... .................... 74 .32 .................... 694.32 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 620.00 .................... .................... .................. .. 74.32 .................... 694.32 
SENATOR RON JOHNSON,
Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs,
Apr. 28, 2015. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON JUDICIARY FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2015 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Senator Sheldon Whitehouse: 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 660.30 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 660.30 
Lacy Dwyer: 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 624.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 624.00 
Delegation Expenses: 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 945.60 .................... 945.60 
Senator Sheldon Whitehouse: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 749.46 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 749.46 
Lacy Dwyer: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 739.46 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 739.46 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 4,539.89 .................... 4,539.89 
Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 26.45 .................... 26.45 
Senator John Cornyn: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,240.72 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,240.72 
Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 779.36 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 779.36 
Honduras ................................................................................................... Lempira ............. ................................... .................... 362.29 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 362.29 
David Hanke: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,066.84 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,066.84 
Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 729.97 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 729.97 
Honduras ................................................................................................... Lempira ............. ................................... .................... 362.29 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 362.29 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 2,290.67 .................... 2,290.67 
Honduras ................................................................................................... Lempira ............. ................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 2,169.67 .................... 2,169.67 
Total: .................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 5,007.13 .................... 12,307.56 .................... 9,972. 28 .................... 27,286.97 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 
1977. 
SENATOR CHUCK GRASSLEY,
Chairman, Committee on Judiciary, Apr. 28, 2015. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON SENATE SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2015 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Tressa Guenov: .................................................................................................. Dollar ......... ........................................... .................... 342.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 342.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 252.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 252.00 
............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,7 89.00 .................... .................... .................... 11,789.00 
Ryan Tully: ......................................................................................................... Dollar ..... ............................................... .................... 342.00 .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... 342.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 252.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 252.00 
............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,7 89.00 .................... .................... .................... 11,789.00 
Brian Walsh: ...................................................................................................... Dollar ....... ............................................. .................... 342.00 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 342.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 252.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 252.00 
............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,7 89.00 .................... .................... .................... 11,789.00 
Senator James Lankford: ................................................................................... Dollar ............... ..................................... .................... 382.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 382.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 288.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 288.00 
Senator Thomas Cotton: .................................................................................... Dollar ............... ..................................... .................... 382.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 382.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 288.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 288.00 
Senator Daniel Coats: ....................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 382.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 382.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 288.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 288.00 
Senator Roy Blunt: ............................................................................................ Dollar ........... ......................................... .................... 382.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 382.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 288.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 288.00 
Senator Richard Burr: ....................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 382.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 382.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 288.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 288.00 
Robert Kadlac: ................................................................................................... Dollar ........ ............................................ .................... 282.00 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 282.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 288.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 288.00 
Ryan Tully: ......................................................................................................... Dollar ..... ............................................... .................... 282.00 .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... 282.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 288.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 288.00 
Thomas Hawkins: .............................................................................................. Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 282.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 282.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 288.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 288.00 
Christian Cook: .................................................................................................. Dollar ........ ............................................ .................... 282.00 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 282.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 288.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 288.00 
Matthew Pollard: ............................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 282.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 282.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 288.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 288.00 
Tyler Stephens: .................................................................................................. Dollar ........ ............................................ .................... 282.00 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 282.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 288.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 288.00 
Brian Miller: ....................................................................................................... Dollar ..... ............................................... .................... 282.00 .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... 282.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 288.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 288.00 
Randy Bookout: .................................................................................................. Dollar ......... ........................................... .................... 382.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 382.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 348.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 348.00 
............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,5 44.00 .................... .................... .................... 12,544.00 
Paul Matulic: ..................................................................................................... Dollar ....... ............................................. .................... 348.00 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 348.00 
............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,43 3.30 .................... .................... .................... 9,433.30 
Christian Cook: .................................................................................................. Dollar ........ ............................................ .................... 348.00 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 348.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 382.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 382.00 
............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,43 3.30 .................... .................... .................... 9,433.30 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A04MY6.004 S04MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2608 May 4, 2015 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON SENATE SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2015—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 10,930.00 .................... 66,777.60 .................... ..... ............... .................... 77,707.60 
SENATOR RICHARD BURR,
Chairman, Committee on Intelligence, Apr. 24, 2015. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON COMMISSION ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2015 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
David Killion: 
Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,548.58 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,548.58 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,745.50 .................... . ................... .................... 11,745.50 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 1,548.58 .................... 11,745.50 .................... ...... .............. .................... 13,294.08 
SENATOR ROGER WICKER,
Co-Chairman, Committee on Security and Cooperation in Europe,
Apr. 23, 2015. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON MAJORITY LEADER FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2015 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Dr. Brian Monahan: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 780.85 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 780.85 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 780.85 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 780.85 
SENATOR MITCH MCCONNELL,
Chairman, Committee on Majority Leader, Apr. 1, 2015. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON DEMOCRATIC LEADER FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2015 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Dr. Brian Monahan: 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 738.43 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 738.43 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 738.43 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 738.43 
SENATOR HARRY REID,
Chairman, Committee on Democratic Leader, Apr. 16, 2015. h 
EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF THE 
SENATE THAT DOMESTICALLY GROWN FLOWERS SUPPORT THE FARMERS, SMALL BUSINESSES, JOBS, AND ECONOMY OF THE UNITED STATES 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 166, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 166) expressing the 
sense of the Senate that domestically grown flowers support the farmers, small busi-nesses, jobs, and economy of the United States, enhance the ability of the people of the United States to honor their mothers on Mother’s Day, and that the White House should strive to showcase domestically 
grown flowers. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
rise today to express my support for American flower growers, having sub-mitted a resolution designating Moth-er’s Day, May 10, 2015, as a special day to honor the role that domestically grown flowers play in the ability of Americans to honor their mothers. This resolution is cosponsored by Sen-ators B
ARBARA BOXER and L ISAMUR-
KOWSKI . 
Americans truly care about where 
the goods they purchase and the foods they eat are produced. They have a strong desire to support their local economies and help their communities thrive. And purchasing agricultural products grown in our country supports American farmers. American-grown ag-ricultural products are often fresher and last longer than imports because 
they are not shipped as far as products grown abroad. 
This is also the case for American- 
grown flowers. The majority of Ameri-cans would prefer to buy more locally grown flowers if given the choice, yet only one out of every five flowers sold in the United States is grown in the country. 
Every State has access to domesti-
cally grown flowers, but three-quarters of Americans do not know where the flowers they purchase are grown. 
American-grown flowers create al-
most $42 million in economic impact per day. These flowers not only support the flower growers but also the 16,000 florists and floral establishments across the country that sell them. 
Many of these growers and florists 
run small businesses that are critical to our Nation’s economic strength. They create jobs and contribute to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 May 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MY6.004 S04MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2609 May 4, 2015 
economy of their respective commu-
nities. These businesses produce flow-ers that provide a beautiful and elegant way for Americans to show affection for their family members and loved ones. 
The popularity of American-grown 
flowers is increasing, and I am pleased to see that the White House is involved in promoting American-grown flowers as well. Last year, the First Lady high-lighted the beauty of domestic flowers by displaying a number of varieties at the only State Dinner of the year. The dinner featured flowers from Mis-sissippi, New Jersey, Virginia, Florida, and, I am proud to say, California. 
California is the largest cut flower 
producer in the Nation. The State grows more than 116 types of flowers, including roses, irises, lilies, tulips, and gerbera. At my home in San Fran-cisco, I maintain a garden filled with many of the flowers and plants that flourish across California. My garden has beautiful magnolias, azaleas, pan-sies, and dahlias. I also have drought- resistant gazanias, which is more im-portant than ever given the severe water shortage in the State. 
When you give someone a California- 
grown flower, it was most likely har-vested within the last 48 hours. I am delighted that my State is home to the flowers that help Americans show their loved ones how much they care. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
honoring American-grown flowers this Mother’s Day. I hope that this resolu-tion will remind consumers about how they can support local farmers when they shop for flowers this Mother’s Day. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the 
motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 166) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, MAY 5, 
2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, May 5; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the veto message to accompany S.J. Res. 8. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROGRAM 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Senators should 
expect a vote on the motion to proceed to the budget conference report at ap-proximately 10:15 tomorrow morning. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:36 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, May 5, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
UNITED STATES TAX COURT  
ELIZABETH ANN COPELAND, OF TEXAS, TO BE A JUDGE 
OF THE UNITED STATES TAX COURT FOR A TERM OF FIF-TEEN YEARS, VICE DIANE L. KROUPA, RETIRED. 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. MICHAEL X. GARRETT 
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. MATTHEW P. BEEVERS 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. JOHN N. CHRISTENSON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. SHOSHANA S. CHATFIELD 
f 
CONFIRMATION 
Executive nomination confirmed by 
the Senate May 04, 2015: 
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE  
WILLIE E. MAY, OF MARYLAND, TO BE UNDER SEC-
RETARY OF COMMERCE FOR STANDARDS AND TECH-NOLOGY. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A04MY6.005 S04MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E653 May 4, 2015 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose 
of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Monday, May 
4, 2015 may be found in the Daily Di-gest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
MAY 5 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Subcommittee on Surface Transportation 
and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety and Security 
To hold hearings to examine surface 
transportation reauthorization, focus-ing on the importance of a long term reauthorization. 
SR–253 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold oversight hearings to examine 
the Federal government’s role in wild-fire management, the impact of fires on communities, and potential im-provements to be made in fire oper-ations. 
SD–366 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
Subcommittee on Clean Air and Nuclear 
Safety 
To hold hearings to examine the legal 
implications of the Clean Power Plan. 
SD–406 
United States Senate Caucus on Inter-
national Narcotics Control 
To hold hearings to examine improving 
management of the controlled sub-stances quota process. 
SD–226 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Financial Services and 
General Government 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates for fiscal year 2016 for the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion and Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 
SD–138 2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and 
Forestry 
To hold hearings to examine the U.S. 
Grain Standards Act. 
SR–328A 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold hearings to examine precision 
medicine for patients. 
SD–430 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine pending 
nominations. 
SR–418 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To receive closed briefings on certain in-
telligence matters. 
SH–219 
3:30 p.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere, 
Transnational Crime, Civilian Secu-rity, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues 
To hold hearings to examine the Presi-
dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2016 for the Department of State. 
SD–419 
MAY 6 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates for fiscal year 2015 for the Fish and Wildlife Service, and S. 1036, to require the Secretary of the In-terior and the Secretary of Agriculture to provide certain Western States as-sistance in the development of state-wide conservation and management plans or the protection and recovery of sage-grouse species, S. 855, to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to permit Governors of States to regulate intrastate endangered species and intrastate threatened species, S. 736, to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to require disclosure to States of the basis of determinations under such 
Act, to ensure use of information pro-vided by State, tribal, and county gov-ernments in decisionmaking under such Act, S. 655, to prohibit the use of funds by the Secretary of the Interior to make a final determination on the listing of the northern long-eared bat under the Endangered Species Act of 1973, S. 468, to provide a categorical ex-clusion under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 to allow the Director of the Bureau of Land Man-agement and the Chief of the Forest Service to remove Pinyon-Juniper trees to conserve and restore the habi-tat of the greater sage-grouse and the mule deer, S. 293, to amend the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973 to establish a procedure for approval of certain set-tlements, S. 292, to amend the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973 to require publication on the Internet of the basis for determinations that species are en-dangered species or threatened species, S. 112, to amend the Endangered Spe-cies Act of 1973 to require the Sec-retary of the Interior to publish and make available for public comment a 
draft economic analysis at the time a proposed rule to designate critical habitat is published, and S. 1081, to end the use of body-gripping traps in the National Wildlife Refuge System. 
SD–406 
Committee on the Judiciary 
To hold hearings to examine ensuring an 
informed citizenry, focusing on exam-ining the Administration’s efforts to improve open government. 
SD–226 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on State, Foreign Oper-
ations, and Related Programs 
To hold hearings to examine global 
health problems. 
SD–124 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tions of Daniel R. Elliott III, of Ohio, to be a Member of the Surface Trans-portation Board, and Mario Cordero, of California, to be a Federal Maritime Commissioner. 
SR–253 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold hearings to examine reauthor-
izing the Higher Education Act, focus-ing on the role of consumer informa-tion in college choice. 
SD–430 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Business meeting to consider S. 280, to 
improve the efficiency, management, and interagency coordination of the Federal permitting process through re-forms overseen by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, S. 1180, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to modernize the integrated public alert and warning system of the United States, S. 750, to achieve border security on certain Federal lands along 
the Southern border, S. 282, to provide taxpayers with an annual report dis-closing the cost and performance of Government programs and areas of du-plication among them, S. 1109, to re-quire adequate information regarding the tax treatment of payments under settlement agreements entered into by Federal agencies, S. 1172, to improve the process of presidential transition, S. 434, to strengthen the accountability of individuals involved in misconduct affecting the integrity of background investigations, to update guidelines for security clearances, to prevent con-flicts of interest relating to contrac-tors providing background investiga-tion fieldwork services and investiga-tive support services, H.R. 623, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Department of Homeland Security to establish a so-cial media working group, S. 179, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 14 3rd Avenue, NW, in Chisholm, Minnesota, as the ‘‘James L. Oberstar Memorial 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:47 May 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M04MY8.000 E04MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E654 May 4, 2015 
Post Office Building’’, S. 994, to des-
ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1 Walter Hammond Place in Waldwick, New Jer-sey, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Post Office Building’’, and the nominations of David Michael Ben-nett, of North Carolina, Mickey D. Barnett, of New Mexico, Stephen Crawford, of Maryland, and James C. Miller, III, of Virginia, each to be a Governor of the United States Postal Service. 
SD–342 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense. 
SD–192 
2 p.m. 
Special Committee on Aging 
To hold hearings to examine aging in 
place, focusing on advances in tech-nology that help seniors live independ-ently. 
SH–216 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on the Judiciary 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tions of Dale A. Drozd, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of California, Lawrence Joseph Vilardo, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of New York, and LaShann Moutique DeArcy Hall, and Ann Donnelly, both to be a United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York. 
SD–226 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Multilateral Inter-
national Development, Multilateral In-stitutions, and International Eco-nomic, Energy, and Environmental Policy 
To hold oversight hearings to examine 
multilateral and bilateral inter-national development programs and policies. 
SD–419 
Committee on Small Business and Entre-
preneurship 
To hold hearings to examine the impact 
of federal labor and safety laws on the U.S. seafood industry. 
SR–428A 
MAY 7 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and 
Forestry 
To hold hearings to examine child nutri-
tion programs. 
SH–216 
Committee on Appropriations 
Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, 
Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies 
To hold hearings to examine rural 
health. 
SD–124 Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine safe-
guarding American interests in the East and South China Seas. 
SD–419 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine social 
media in the next evolution of terrorist recruitment. 
SD–342 
Committee on the Judiciary 
To hold hearings to examine S. 1137, to 
amend title 35, United States Code, and the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act to make improvements and technical corrections. 
SD–226 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, 
Science, and Related Agencies 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Justice. 
SD–192 
2:30 p.m. 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To receive closed briefings on certain in-
telligence matters. 
SH–219 
MAY 11 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Airland 
Closed business meeting to markup those 
provisions which fall under the sub-committee’s jurisdiction of the pro-posed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016. 
SR–222 
MAY 12 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower 
Closed business meeting to markup those 
provisions which fall under the sub-committee’s jurisdiction of the pro-posed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016. 
SR–222 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine S. 883, to fa-
cilitate the reestablishment of domes-tic, critical mineral designation, as-sessment, production, manufacturing, recycling, analysis, forecasting, work-force, education, and research capabili-ties in the United States. 
SD–366 
11 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces 
Closed business meeting to markup those 
provisions which fall under the sub-committee’s jurisdiction of the pro-posed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016. 
SR–222 2 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-
ment Support 
Business meeting to markup those provi-
sions which fall under the subcommit-tee’s jurisdiction of the proposed Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016. 
SD–106 
3:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and 
Capabilities 
Business meeting to markup those provi-
sions which fall under the subcommit-tee’s jurisdiction of the proposed Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016. 
SD–106 
5:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Personnel 
Business meeting to markup those provi-
sions which fall under the subcommit-tee’s jurisdiction of the proposed Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016. 
SD–106 
MAY 13 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
Closed business meeting to markup the 
proposed National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for fiscal year 2016. 
SR–222 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
Business meeting to consider S. 986, to 
require the Secretary of the Interior to take into trust 4 parcels of Federal land for the benefit of certain Indian Pueblos in the State of New Mexico; to be immediately followed by an over-sight hearing to examine the Bureau of Indian Education, focusing on organi-zational challenges in transforming educational opportunities for Indian children. 
SD–628 
MAY 14 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
Closed business meeting to continue to 
markup the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016. 
SR–222 
MAY 15 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
Closed business meeting to continue to 
markup the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016. 
SR–222 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:47 May 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M04MY8.000 E04MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D487 Monday, May 4, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
See Re ´sume´of Congressional Activity. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages SS2593–S2609 
Measures Introduced: Nine bills and two resolu-
tions were introduced, as follows: S. 1179–1187, S. Res. 166, and S. Con. Res. 15.
                          Page S2599 
Measures Reported: 
S. 261, to designate the United States courthouse 
located at 200 NW 4th Street in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, as the William J. Holloway, Jr. United States Courthouse. 
S. 612, to designate the Federal building and 
United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. 
S. 1034, to designate the United States courthouse 
located at 501 East Court Street in Jackson, Mis-sissippi, as the ‘‘Charles Clark United States Court-house’’.
                                                                            Page S2598 
Measures Passed: 
Domestic Flower Production: Senate agreed to S. 
Res. 166, expressing the sense of the Senate that do-mestically grown flowers support the farmers, small businesses, jobs, and economy of the United States, enhance the ability of the people of the United States to honor their mothers on Mother’s Day, and that the White House should strive to showcase do-mestically grown flowers.
                              Pages S2608–09 
Veto Messages: 
National Labor Relations Board Veto Message— 
Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of the 
veto message to accompany S. J. Res. 8, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the National Labor Relations Board relating to represen-tation case procedures.
                                    Pages S2594–97 A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the veto message to accompany the joint resolution at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, May 5, 2015.
                 Page S2609 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nomination: 
By a unanimous vote of 93 yeas (Vote No. EX. 
169), Willie E. May, of Maryland, to be Under Sec-retary of Commerce for Standards and Technology. 
                                                                                            Page S2597 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Elizabeth Ann Copeland, of Texas, to be a Judge 
of the United States Tax Court for a term of fifteen years. 
2 Army nominations in the rank of general. 2 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. 
                                                                                            Page S2609 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S2598 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S2598 
Additional Cosponsors:                         Pages S2599–S2600 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2600–02 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—169)                                                                 Page S2597 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-
journed at 6:36 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, May 5, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2609.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 May 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04MY5.REC D04MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D488 May 4, 2015 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House 
is scheduled to meet at 11:30 a.m. on Tuesday, May 5, 2015. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see DAILY DIGEST , p. D411) 
S. 535, to promote energy efficiency. Signed on 
April 30, 2015. (Public Law 114–11) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, 
MAY 5, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: to hold 
hearings to examine the U.S. Grain Standards Act, 2:30 p.m., SR–328A. 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Financial 
Services and General Government, to hold hearings to ex-amine proposed budget estimates for fiscal year 2016 for the Securities and Exchange Commission and Commodity Futures Trading Commission, 10:30 a.m., SD–138. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-
committee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Ma-rine Infrastructure, Safety and Security, to hold hearings to examine surface transportation reauthorization, focus-ing on the importance of a long term reauthorization, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold over-
sight hearings to examine the Federal government’s role in wildfire management, the impact of fires on commu-nities, and potential improvements to be made in fire op-erations, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub-
committee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety, to hold hear-ings to examine the legal implications of the Clean Power Plan, 10 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on West-
ern Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Security, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues, to hold hearings to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of State, 3:30 p.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to 
hold hearings to examine precision medicine for patients, 2:30 p.m., SD–430. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold hearings to exam-
ine pending nominations, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive closed briefings 
on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
United States Senate Caucus on International Narcotics Con-
trol: to hold hearings to examine improving management 
of the controlled substances quota process, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of May 4 through May 8, 2015 
Senate Chamber 
On Tuesday , at approximately 10 a.m., Senate will 
continue consideration of the veto message to accom-pany S.J. Res. 8, National Labor Relations Board Veto Message. 
At approximately 10:15 a.m., Senators should ex-
pect a vote on the motion to proceed to consider-ation of the Budget Conference report. 
During the balance of the week, Senate may con-
sider any cleared legislative and executive business. 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: May 5, 
to hold hearings to examine the U.S. Grain Standards Act, 2:30 p.m., SR–328A. 
May 7, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
child nutrition programs, 10 a.m., SH–216. 
Committee on Appropriations: May 5, Subcommittee on 
Financial Services and General Government, to hold hear-ings to examine proposed budget estimates for fiscal year 2016 for the Securities and Exchange Commission and Commodity Futures Trading Commission, 10:30 a.m., SD–138. 
May 6, Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, 
and Related Programs, to hold hearings to examine glob-al health problems, 10 a.m., SD–124. 
May 6, Subcommittee on Department of Defense, to 
hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. 
May 7, Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, 
Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine rural health, 10 a.m., SD–124. 
May 7, Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, 
and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine pro-posed budget estimates for fiscal year 2016 for the De-partment of Justice, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\D04MY5.REC D04MY5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D489 May 4, 2015 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: May 
5, Subcommittee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety and Security, to hold hear-ings to examine surface transportation reauthorization, fo-cusing on the importance of a long term reauthorization, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
May 6, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
the nominations of Daniel R. Elliott III, of Ohio, to be a Member of the Surface Transportation Board, and Mario Cordero, of California, to be a Federal Maritime Commis-sioner, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: May 5, to 
hold oversight hearings to examine the Federal govern-ment’s role in wildfire management, the impact of fires on communities, and potential improvements to be made in fire operations, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: May 5, Sub-
committee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety, to hold hear-ings to examine the legal implications of the Clean Power Plan, 10 a.m., SD–406. 
May 6, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
proposed budget estimates for fiscal year 2015 for the Fish and Wildlife Service, and S. 1036, to require the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to provide certain Western States assistance in the devel-opment of statewide conservation and management plans or the protection and recovery of sage-grouse species, S. 855, to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to permit Governors of States to regulate intrastate endan-gered species and intrastate threatened species, S. 736, to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to require disclosure to States of the basis of determinations under such Act, to ensure use of information provided by State, tribal, and county governments in decisionmaking under such Act, S. 655, to prohibit the use of funds by the Sec-retary of the Interior to make a final determination on the listing of the northern long-eared bat under the En-dangered Species Act of 1973, S. 468, to provide a cat-egorical exclusion under the National Environmental Pol-icy Act of 1969 to allow the Director of the Bureau of Land Management and the Chief of the Forest Service to remove Pinyon-Juniper trees to conserve and restore the habitat of the greater sage-grouse and the mule deer, S. 293, to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to establish a procedure for approval of certain settlements, S. 292, to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to require publication on the Internet of the basis for deter-minations that species are endangered species or threat-ened species, S. 112, to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to require the Secretary of the Interior to publish and make available for public comment a draft economic analysis at the time a proposed rule to des-ignate critical habitat is published, and S. 1081, to end the use of body-gripping traps in the National Wildlife Refuge System, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: May 5, Subcommittee on 
Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Secu-rity, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues, to hold hearings to examine the President’s pro-posed budget request for fiscal year 2016 for the Depart-ment of State, 3:30 p.m., SD–419. May 6, Subcommittee on Multilateral International 
Development, Multilateral Institutions, and International Economic, Energy, and Environmental Policy, to hold 
oversight hearings to examine multilateral and bilateral international development programs and policies, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. 
May 7, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
safeguarding American interests in the East and South China Seas, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: May 
5, to hold hearings to examine precision medicine for pa-tients, 2:30 p.m., SD–430. 
May 6, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
reauthorizing the Higher Education Act, focusing on the role of consumer information in college choice, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
May 6, business meeting to consider S. 280, to improve the efficiency, management, and interagency coordination of the Federal permitting process through reforms over-seen by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, S. 1180, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Administrator of the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency to modernize the integrated public alert and warning system of the United States, S. 750, to achieve border security on certain Federal lands along the Southern border, S. 282, to provide taxpayers with an annual report disclosing the cost and performance of Government programs and areas of duplication among them, S. 1109, to require adequate information regarding the tax treatment of payments under settlement agree-ments entered into by Federal agencies, S. 1172, to im-prove the process of presidential transition, S. 434, to strengthen the accountability of individuals involved in misconduct affecting the integrity of background inves-tigations, to update guidelines for security clearances, to prevent conflicts of interest relating to contractors pro-viding background investigation fieldwork services and investigative support services, H.R. 623, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to establish a social media working group, S. 179, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 14 3rd Avenue, NW, in Chisholm, Minnesota, as the ‘‘James L. Oberstar Memorial Post Office Building’’, S. 994, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1 Walter Hammond Place in Waldwick, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Post Office Build-ing’’, and the nominations of David Michael Bennett, of North Carolina, Mickey D. Barnett, of New Mexico, Ste-phen Crawford, of Maryland, and James C. Miller, III, of Virginia, each to be a Governor of the United States Postal Service, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
May 7, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
social media in the next evolution of terrorist recruit-ment, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on the Judiciary: May 6, to hold hearings to 
examine ensuring an informed citizenry, focusing on ex-amining the Administration’s efforts to improve open government, 9:30 a.m., SD–226. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 May 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04MY5.REC D04MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D490 May 4, 2015 
May 6, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
the nominations of Dale A. Drozd, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of California, Law-rence Joseph Vilardo, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of New York, and LaShann Moutique DeArcy Hall, and Ann Donnelly, both to be a United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York, 2:15 p.m., SD–226. 
May 7, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
S. 1137, to amend title 35, United States Code, and the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act to make improvements and technical corrections, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: May 6, 
to hold hearings to examine the impact of federal labor and safety laws on the U.S. seafood industry, 2:30 p.m., SR–428A. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: May 5, to hold hearings 
to examine pending nominations, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. Select Committee on Intelligence: May 5, to receive closed 
briefings on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
May 7, Full Committee, to receive closed briefings on 
certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
Special Committee on Aging: May 6, to hold hearings to 
examine aging in place, focusing on advances in tech-nology that help seniors live independently, 2 p.m., SH–216. 
United States Senate Caucus on International Narcotics Con-
trol: May 5, to hold hearings to examine improving man-
agement of the controlled substances quota process, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
House Committees 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 May 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04MY5.REC D04MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D491 May 4, 2015 
* These figures include all measures reported, even if there was no accom-
panying report. A total of 34 written reports have been filed in the Senate, 96 reports have been filed in the House. Re´sume´of Congressional Activity 
FIRST SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FOURTEENTH CONGRESS 
The first table gives a comprehensive re ´sume´of all legislative business transacted by the Senate and House. 
The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the Senate by the President for Senate confirmation. 
DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY 
January 6 through April 30, 2015 
Senate House Total 
Days in session .................................... 60 57 . . 
Time in session ................................... 379 hrs., 37 ′ 249 hrs., 38 ′ ..  
Congressional Record: 
Pages of proceedings ................... 2,592 2,774 . . Extensions of Remarks ................ . . 638 . . 
Public bills enacted into law ............... 1 10 11 Private bills enacted into law .............. . . . . . . Bills in conference ............................... 1 . . . . Measures passed, total ......................... 124 162 286 
Senate bills .................................. 10 2 . . House bills .................................. 9 92 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 1 1 . . House joint resolutions ............... 1 2 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 4 3 . . House concurrent resolutions ...... 8 11 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 91 51 . . 
Measures reported, total ...................... * 59 * 96 155 
Senate bills .................................. 36 . . . . House bills .................................. 2 69 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . 1 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 1 . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... . . 3 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 20 23 . . 
Special reports ..................................... 10 2 . . Conference reports ............................... . . 1 . . Measures pending on calendar ............. 48 16 . . Measures introduced, total .................. 1,362 2,527 3,889 
Bills ............................................. 1,169 2,194 . . Joint resolutions .......................... 14 48 . . Concurrent resolutions ................ 14 43 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 165 242 . . 
Quorum calls ....................................... 5 1 . . Yea-and-nay votes ............................... 168 109 . . Recorded votes .................................... . . 97 . . Bills vetoed ......................................... 2 . . . . Vetoes overridden ................................ . . . . . . DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS 
January 6 through April 30, 2015 
Civilian nominations, totaling 181, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 23 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 157 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 1 
Other Civilian nominations, totaling 1,262, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 634 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 628 
Air Force nominations, totaling 3,139, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 2,691 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 448 
Army nominations, totaling 202, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 109 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 93 
Navy nominations, totaling 424, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 64 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 360 
Marine Corps nominations, totaling 1,042, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 779 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 263 
Summary 
Total nominations carried over from the First Session ........................... 0 
Total nominations received this Session ................................................ 6,250 
Total confirmed ..................................................................................... 4,300 Total unconfirmed ................................................................................. 1,949 Total withdrawn .................................................................................... 1 Total returned to the White House ...................................................... 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 May 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0667 Sfmt 0667 E:\CR\FM\D04MY5.REC D04MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD492 May 4, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Tuesday, May 5 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of the veto message to accompany S. J.Res. 8, Na-tional Labor Relations Board Veto Message. 
At approximately 10:15 a.m., Senators should expect a 
vote on the motion to proceed to consideration of the Budget Conference report. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
11:30 a.m., Tuesday, May 5 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: The House is scheduled to meet 
at 11:30 a.m. on Tuesday, May 5, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 May 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D04MY5.REC D04MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST